CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED
    (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

                   Stock Code: 00817




                                                         Unleashing Future
                                                         Vitality of the City
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022


                                                            a   sinochem   company
         Le                                   At
           ad                                 tra
                                                ct
                    People Clustered by City
       t               Industry Promoted by City
     os
  Bo




                               Drive



  High Quality              High Caliber       Leading Technology
Good Environment        Extensive Knowledge     Active Innovation
 Sound Facilities          Broad Vision        Intensive Knowledge
  Strong Vitality          High Demand        Frequent Collaboration
                          Contents
                         Company Overview       2
                               Major Events     4
                      Corporate Information     6
                        Financial Highlights    7
                      Chairman’s Statement      8
                       Honours and Awards      14
       Management Discussion and Analysis      16
                          Investor Relations   81
                   Sustainable Development     84
 Profile of Directors and Senior Management    98
              Corporate Governance Report      113
                     Report of the Directors   133
              Independent Auditor’s Report     169
    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss   176
                 Consolidated Statement of
                    Comprehensive Income       177
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position   178
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity    180
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows     182
              Notes to Financial Statements    185
             Five-Year Financial Information   320
2   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


    Company Overview


    China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited (“China Jinmao” or the “Company”) is a platform enterprise under the
    city operation area of Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. (“Sinochem Holdings”). On 17 August 2007, China
    Jinmao was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter referred to as the
    “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (Stock Code: HK.00817), and included in the Hang Seng Composite Index, Hang
    Seng Composite Industry Index – Properties & Construction, Hang Seng China State-holding Enterprises Index,
    Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index, Hang Seng China High Dividend Yield Index, etc. The Company
    has been selected as one of the Fortune China 500 for consecutive years and ranked among the Forbes Global
    2000. Sinochem Holdings is formed through the restructuring of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. (“Sinochem Group”)
    and China National Chemical Corporation Ltd. (“ChemChina”), and is an important state-owned backbone
    enterprise under the supervision of the SASAC of the State Council. With business scope covering the eight
    major areas of life sciences, materials science, petrochemicals, environmental science, rubber and tire, machinery
    and equipment, city operation and industrial finance, Sinochem Holdings is the world’s leading comprehensive
    petrochemicals enterprise.

    In adherence to the vision of “Unleashing Future Vitality of the City”, China Jinmao holds on to the direction
    of highend positioning and premium quality and endeavours to become a leading city operator in China by
    capitalising on the quality leadership-oriented “two-wheel and two-wing driven” development strategy with focus
    on the model of “two-driven and two-upgrade” city operations. Based on its foresight on city potentials, China
    Jinmao integrates the world’s leading premium resources and introduces the concept of mutually beneficial
    city planning to achieve overall enhancement in regional functions and city vitality. Currently, China Jinmao
    has succeeded in entering China’s rapidly developing regions including the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Metropolitan
    Region, the Yangtze River Delta Region and the Pearl River Delta Region. The Company holds more than 360
    projects in 52 core cities including Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai and Guangzhou.

    Capitalising on the synergies and integration strengths between the segments, China Jinmao has created a
    series of high-end products featuring “Jinmao” brand. The “smart technology and green health” has become a
    unique quality gene and inherent brand feature of “Jinmao” series products and redefined high-end quality in
    the industry.

                                                                            COMMERCIAL
           CITY                 PROPERTY                HOTEL                                      TECHNOLOGY
                                                                            LEASING AND
        OPERATIONS            DEVELOPMENT             OPERATIONS                                   AND SERVICES
                                                                          RETAIL OPERATION


    ADHERING TO THE STRATEGIC                                 Capital-driven
    POSITIONING OF “CITY OPERATOR”                            Leverage on the Company’ s funding and credit
                                                              advantages and capitalise on the role of Jinmao
    AND PROMOTING THE “TWO-WHEEL                              Capital Holdings Limited (“JM Capital”) in
    AND TWO-WING DRIVEN” STRATEGY                             expanding funding channels and facilitating industry
                                                              implementation as part of its capital-driven regional
    UPGRADE                                                   development efforts to achieve production led by
    The Company will continue to utilise its experience in    investment.
    city operations, hold on to planning-driven as traction
    and capital-driven as cornerstone to drive city upgrade   Industry upgrade
    and industry upgrade, and work with governments to        Focus on the three major industries namely big culture,
    shape a new city core through the principle of “In City   big healthcare and big technology while capitalising
    We Gather People and Boost Business”.                     on its leading force of Beijing Jinmao Green Building
                                                              Technology Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Green Building”) in
    While continuously deepening its city operation           science and technology industry, and drive industry
    model, the Company will continue to improve the           upgrade of cities via industry cooperation and
    operational efficiency of developing and holding its      incubation.
    core businesses, and upgrade the connotation of
    “two-wing” to “technology + services”. The Company        City upgrade
    will focus on the “technology leading” and “services      Leverage on the Company’s accumulated product
    innovating” areas in the short term to promote the        strengths and brand influence in areas of quality
    development of its various businesses. In the future,     residence, high-end hotel, premium retail and 5A
    these two areas will be gradually solidified into the     office building to drive consumption upgrade and
    Company’s technology segment and services segment         functional upgrade of cities.
    to build its core competitiveness in the industry.

    Planning-driven                                           IN SCIENCE WE TRUST WITH
    Actively capitalise on the Company’s professional         FOCUS ON INNOVATION-DRIVEN
    expertise in planning to achieve function
    diversification, high-end oriented industry and city
                                                              TRANSFORMATION
    internationalisation based on integrated, systematic,     The Company will continue to follow the principle
    forward-looking and scientific planning.                  of “In Science We Trust”, with the focus on the core
                                                              line of “digit • technology”, and cultivate new pillar
                                                              businesses to transform itself into an innovative
                                                              enterprise driven by science and technology.
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022            3


                                                                                          Company Overview




                                                         CITY OPERATIONS
                                                         AND PROPERTY
                                                         DEVELOPMENT
                                                         During the Year, land reserves were expanded with the
                                                         successful acquisitions in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Nanjing,
                                                         Chengdu, Xi’an, Hefei, Ningbo and Qingdao.



                                                         CONTRACTED SALES AMOUNT (RMB million)
                                                         2022                         2021

                                                         155,000                      235,603

COMMERCIAL LEASING
AND RETAIL OPERATIONS
Fourteen major investment properties with an area of
approximately 0.95 million square metres. Both the rental
level and occupancy rate of the Group’s investment properties
outperformed its peers.


RENTAL REVENUE (RMB million)
2022                        2021

1,468.0                     1,563.3


                                                         HOTEL OPERATIONS
                                                         Twelve luxury hotels offering 4,393 guest rooms

                                                         During the Year, faced with the challenges brought by the
                                                         regional pandemic, hotels have always emphasised the
                                                         concept of differentiated operation, through which we
                                                         gradually strengthened cost control measures, optimised
                                                         cost structure, enhanced operational flexibility, and actively
                                                         adjusted sales strategies in response to changes in the
                                                         external macro environment.


                                                         HOTEL REVENUE (RMB million)
                                                         2022                         2021

                                                         1,143.9                      1,638.1
4   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


    Major Events


    2022
    JANUARY
      The Company and Hubei United Investment Creating Metropolitan
      Group entered into a strategic cooperation framework agreement
      The Company held the kick-off ceremony of “Young Times Life
      Laboratory”




    FEBRUARY
      The Company held the launching ceremony of Ganjiang New District
      Traditional Chinese Medicine International Ecological Technology
      Town Project in Nanchang




    MARCH
      Jinmao Property Services Co., Limited (“Jinmao Services”) was listed
      on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
      The Company and Everbright Bank, China CITIC Bank and China
      Lesso entered into strategic cooperation agreements
      The Company acquired the land parcel no. 613 (north side of the road)
      of Jinmao Smart International City, Jimo District, Qingdao (fourth batch
      of land parcels)


    APRIL
      The Company and Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. entered into a
      strategic cooperation framework agreement
      The Company acquired Mall of Splendor Block (Phase II) of
      Shangdong Jinmao Smart Science City, Dongli District, Tianjin




    JUNE
      The Company held the opening ceremony of “Sumao Yiyuan” elderly
      care centre demonstration zone of Nanjing Tangshan Spa & Wellness
      Town in Nanjing
      The Company acquired the land parcels no. 319 and 320 in Naixi
      Village, Cuigezhuang Township, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   5


                                                                             Major Events




2022
JULY
 The Company attended the 22nd China Cultural Tourism Global Forum
 The Company attended Glodon’s “stable operation, quality
 improvement and efficiency enhancement” experience exchange
 meeting on real estate market situation and digital transformation of
 real estate enterprises
 The Company acquired the land parcels no. 41, 57 in Ningnan,
 Fenghua District, Ningbo


AUGUST
 The Company attended the 11th China Real Estate Industry Chain
 Innovation Cooperation Summit
 The Company held the opening ceremony of Guangzhou Marriott
 Hotel Nansha




SEPTEMBER
 The Company acquired the land parcels LCO605-81, LC0605-137,
 LC0605-142a in World Expo Park, Licang District, Qingdao
 The Company acquired the land parcel FT00-0516-0008 in
 Dahongmen, Fengtai District, Beijing




NOVEMBER
 The Company held the opening ceremony of Science and
 Technology Innovation Park of Jinmao Future Science City Project
 The Company participated in the launch of China-Shanghai
 Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Local Economic and Trade
 Cooperation Comprehensive Service Platform cum SCO trade
 digitalisation and facilitation thematic exchange activity




DECEMBER
 The Company held the opening ceremony of Qingdao Jinmao Mall
 of Splendor in Qingdao
 The Company held the opening ceremony of Zhangjiagang Jinmao
 Mall of Splendor in Zhangjiagang
 The Company held the opening ceremony of Tianjin Jinmao Place in
 Tianjin
6   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


    Corporate Information


    COMPANY NAME                                 AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited          Mr. LI Congrui
                                                 Mr. JIANG Nan
    PRINCIPAL OFFICE
    Rooms 4702-4703
                                                 LEGAL ADVISORS
    47th Floor, Office Tower, Convention Plaza   Latham & Watkins LLP
    No.1 Harbour Road                            18/F, One Exchange Square
    Wan Chai, Hong Kong                          8 Connaught Place
                                                 Central, Hong Kong
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                 Tian Yuan Law Firm
    Mr. LI Fanrong (Chairman)
                                                 Unit 509, Tower A, Corporate Square
    Mr. LI Fuli
                                                 No. 35 Finance Street
    Mr. AN Hongjun
                                                 Xicheng District
    Mr. CHENG Yong
                                                 Beijing, People’s Republic of China
    Mr. CHEN Chuan


    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                          AUDITOR
                                                 Ernst & Young
    Mr. LI Congrui (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                 Certified Public Accountants
    Mr. JIANG Nan (Chief Financial Officer)
                                                 Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. SONG Liuyi (Senior Vice President)
                                                 27/F, One Taikoo Place
                                                 979 King’s Road
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
                                                 Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
    DIRECTORS
    Mr. SU Xijia                                 STOCK CODE
    Mr. SUEN Man Tak
                                                 00817
    Mr. GAO Shibin
    Mr. ZHONG Wei
                                                 SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                      OFFICE
                                                 Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Mr. JIANG Nan
                                                 Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
                                                 Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
    QUALIFIED ACCOUNTANT
                                                 Wanchai, Hong Kong
    Mr. LIAO Chi Chiun
                                                 INVESTOR ENQUIRY
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                 E-mail: chinajinmao_IR@sinochem.com
    Mr. LIAO Chi Chiun
                                                 WEBSITE
                                                 www.chinajinmao.cn
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022           7



                                                                        Financial Highlights


                                                                                                          Percentage
                                                                      2022                  2021              change
                                                             (RMB million)         (RMB million)                   (%)

 Revenue                                                          82,991.4             90,059.9                     -8
 Gross profit                                                     13,145.6             16,757.6                   -22


 Profit attributable to owners of the parent                       1,984.1               4,689.9                  -58


 Less: fair value gains/losses on investment
   properties (net of deferred tax)                                  1,074.0               -136.8                 886
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent –
   excluding fair value gains/losses on investment
   properties (net of deferred tax)                                   910.1               4,826.7                  -81


 Total assets                                                    421,895.6            412,002.3                      2
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent                      47,445.4             49,961.3                     -5


 Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                 15.56                36.95                  -58
 Basic earnings per share – excluding fair value
   gains/losses on investment properties
   (net of deferred tax) (RMB cents)                                    7.14               38.03                   -81


 Dividend (HK cents) (Note 1)
 – final and interim dividend per share                                  11                    12                   -8


 Net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio (%) (Note 2)                          64                   58                 N/A


Note 1:    Interim dividend of HK9 cents per share and final dividend of HK2 cents per share (totalling HK11 cents per
           share) for 2022. Interim dividend of HK12 cents per share and final dividend of HK0 cent per share (totalling
           HK12 cents per share) for 2021.

Note 2:    Net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio = (interest-bearing bank and other borrowings – cash and cash equivalents
           – restricted bank balances – certain other financial assets)/(total equity + the Company’s amounts due to the
           immediate holding company)
8   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


    Chairman’s Statement


                                          Facing challenges and opportunities in
                                          the industry, looking ahead, China Jinmao
                                          will adhere to the existing strategic plan,
                                          deepen the “ city-people-industry ” city
                                          operation model, promote the “ two-
                                          wheel and two-wing driven ” business
                                          strategic upgrade, give play to the “smart
                                          technology and green health ” product
                                          and service characteristics, maintain its
                                          premium quality core competitiveness, seize
                                          new opportunities and make concerted
                                          efforts to march on a new journey so as to
                                          comprehensively realise the high quality
                                          development of the Company.




                                                                       Chairman
                                                               LI Fanrong
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          9


                                                                                    Chairman’s Statement




Dear Shareholders,                                          The Company regards operational safety as the
                                                            top priority of all tasks to achieve sustainable
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of        and steady development. The Company strived to
China Jinmao, I hereby present the annual results           overcome the impact of the pandemic and spared no
of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”,           effort to collect sales proceeds, breaking the record
“We” or “us”) for the year ended 31 December 2022           high collection rate, and contributing stable cash flow
(the “Period under Review”, “the Reporting Period”,         to the Company. The Company actively innovated its
“2022” or the “Year”) for your review.                      financing means such as issuance of M&A-themed
                                                            corporate bonds and long-term CMBS to smoothen
In 2022, under the confluence of the changes of the         the financing channels. At the same time, it adhered
century and the pandemic, the world’s economic              to the principle of “determining expenditure based
growth momentum slowed down, and the internal               on income and determining investment based on
and external environment of China ’s economic               return”, strictly controlled expenditure, continued to
development was complex and severe. While                   optimise investment, and strictly controlled the scale
the central government insisted on the keynote              of corporate debts. The Company maintained the
of “housing without speculation” and strived to             green barrier of the “three red lines”, contributing to
stabilise the real estate market, the real estate market    Jinmao’s strength to “effectively prevent and eliminate
experienced a sharp decline due to the impact               major economic and financial risks and ensure the
from unexpected factors such as resurgence of the           stable development of the real estate market”.
pandemic, default of large-scale debts of real estate
enterprises and suspension of loans by property             The Company implemented the central
owners, with the sales area of commodity housing            government’s requirements of “ ensuring property
across the nation decreasing by 24% year-on-year.           delivery and stabilising people’s livelihood” to
In the face of such extreme downward pressure in            help ensure people’s livelihood. By adhering to the
the market, the Company overcame difficulties and           commitment of lean construction and quality delivery,
achieved a contracted sales amount of RMB155 billion,       the Company created the theme year of “project
bringing its ranking of contracted sales up to 12th.        management”. Driven by projects and professional
During the Reporting Period, profit attributable to         collaboration, the Company delivered 100% of more
owners of the parent amounted to RMB1.98 billion.           than 60,000 residential units each with excellent
The Company maintained the green barrier of the             quality. It also innovatively created a membership
“three red lines”, with “full investment” rating by         system to connect the four major business segments
the three major international rating agencies. The          of the Company for the first time. The customer
Company’s overall business operation remained               satisfaction rate was raised to 91 points, reaching the
stable. Benefiting from its active response to the          industry benchmark level, and successfully achieving
new development requirements of the industry,               the objective of “controlled risk, excellent quality,
the Company implemented the national strategic              progress guarantee, work efficiency improvement, and
deployment, promoted the “two-wheel and two-wing            customer satisfaction”, which was highly recognised by
driven” upgrade with the strategic positioning of “city     customers and the government.
operator”, and focused on improving quality and
efficiency, thereby consolidating its first-tier position
in the industry in terms of comprehensive strength and
achieving stable and long-term operation.
10   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Chairman’s Statement




     The Company shouldered the mission of the times          land parcels in the core locations of core cities
     by actively implementing the national strategic          such as Beijing, Shanghai and Nanjing, among
     deployment and requirements. Firstly, the Company        which more than half of the projects belonged
     closely followed the new urbanisation strategy,          to Palace series, laying a solid foundation for the
     adhered to its positioning of city operator, deeply      Company’s performance and profit growth. Secondly,
     implemented the requirements of “Two Supports            the Company actively innovated its investment
     and Two Synchronisations”, and completed the             methods by promoting the business development
     strategic signing of contracts with 337 counterparties   of entrusted construction and management, with a
     for industrial resources such as culture, technology     total GFA reaching 2.74 million sq.m. The entrusted
     and health, assisting in city upgrading and industrial   construction and management business began to
     upgrading. Secondly, the Company undertook               take shape and continued to expand the Company’s
     the responsibility for the country’s opening up          income sources. Thirdly, the Company continued
     and cooperation by implementing the Qingdao              to improve the refined management and control of
     SCO Intelligent Ecological City Project, the only        costs and expenses, strengthen the simultaneous
     demonstration zone in China for carrying out local       management of costs, and strictly control the
     economic and trade cooperation with countries            selling and marketing expenses and administrative
     of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation and along           expenses, with a view to comprehensively achieving
     the “Belt and Road”, which has become a vivid            the three-year cost reduction goal and maximising
     example of China’s promotion of regional peace,          the profit of the Company. The holding business
     stability and prosperity through the construction of     focused on building a balanced structure of light
     the “Belt and Road”. Thirdly, the Company devoted        and heavy assets. Giving full play to its brand
     itself to the integrated development of the Beijing-     and management advantages, the hotel business
     Tianjin-Hebei region, and engaged in the planning,       expanded 12 asset-light projects, with a year-on-
     design, construction and entrusted construction of       year increase of 32% in the number of newly signed
     “001 Mansion” in Xiong’an New Area, assisting in         rooms, and successfully opened Marriott Hotel
     the moving-out of the first batch of state-owned         Nansha, continuously enhancing the brand influence
     enterprises and the construction of Xiong’an New         of Jinmao Hotel. The commercial business continued
     Area.                                                    to consolidate its management foundation. The
                                                              projects in operation overcame the impact of the
     The Company steadily promoted the “ two-                 pandemic, with various operating indicators improving
     wheel and two-wing driven” business strategy             against the market trend. The three new shopping
     and consolidated its first-tier position in the          malls, namely Zhangjiagang Mall of Splendor,
     industry in terms of comprehensive strength.             Qingdao Mall of Splendor and Tianjin Jinmao Place,
     Business development was focused on quality              constantly innovated consumption scenarios and
     and efficiency improvement. Firstly, adhering to         improved consumption conditions. Their presence
     the principle of “prioritising quality over quantity”,   has been highly recognised by consumers, the
     the Company acquired a number of high-quality            government, and the media, contributing Jinmao’s
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022                 11


                                                                                         Chairman’s Statement




effort to the recovery and expansion of consumption.      mechanisms such as operator rating, city general
Coordinating with the city operation strategy,            evaluation and post-project evaluation, forming a
the two-wing business continued to build market-          closed-loop of management responsibility integrating
oriented competitiveness. The property services           investment and operation to support the achievement
business completed its listing in Hong Kong and           of operating objectives. Thirdly, adhering to market-
successfully acquired Beijing Capital Property Services   oriented recruitment and employment, the Company
Limited (“Beijing Capital Services”). The scale under     implemented the dual benchmarking of performance
management increased by more than 50% year-on-year        and incentives, and promoted market-oriented reform,
and, while the performance grew rapidly, its service      so as to achieve “cadres can work both at the top and
satisfaction remained at the top level of the industry.   bottom, remuneration can be increased or decreased,
In addition, the Company continued to enhance the         and employees can be promoted and demoted”, and
synergistic value of energy services, construction        continuously improve the organisational operation and
services and comprehensive city operation services.       team efficiency.
Its first energy station IDC coupling project, the
Nanjing Research and Innovation Park, was officially      As a state-owned enterprise and a listed company,
put into operation, assisting in the upgrade of the       China Jinmao also attached great importance
connotation of city operation. The technology business    to and actively fulfiled its social responsibilities,
strengthened technology empowerment and built             deeply practised the concept of sustainable
core technology capabilities for the market. During       development, and continuously improved ESG
the Year, four more entities of the Company were          management capabilities. The Company has
recognized as “National High-tech” enterprises and        formulated a three-year ESG action plan to clarify
two more were recognized as “Specialised, Refined,        various governance requirements and goals. The
Featured and Innovative” enterprises.                     C o mpa n y ’ s ES G in t e r n a t io n a l r a t in g co n t in u e d
                                                          to rise, and was shortlisted in the “ESG of State-
The Company focused on improving quality and              owned Enterprises．Governance Pioneer 50 Index”
efficiency to ensure its high-quality development.        by the SASAC. In terms of green strategy, the
Firstly, the Company promoted streamlining of             Company actively responded to the dual carbon
organization. In particular, the headquarters promoted    policy by formulating the “China Jinmao Low-carbon
intensification of business lines, the development        Development Planning and Implementation Plan”,
units implemented withdrawal and merger of city           becoming one of the first real estate enterprises to
companies, and the non-development units optimised        publicly disclose its goal of science-based carbon
their organisational structure according to the           reduction. In 2022, 100% of its newly built projects
strategic development of business, which significantly    attained the green standards. In terms of HSE
improved the overall per capita efficiency of the         management, with risk management as the core and
Company. Secondly, the Company strengthened               the implementation of the FORUS system as the pivot,
the responsibility of operation, and continued to         the Company adhered to the two aspects of safe
implement a series of evaluation and management           production and pandemic prevention and control,
12   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Chairman’s Statement




     and carried out four special actions, namely anti-        Looking forward, many challenges around the world
     incompliance operation, 100-day safety improvement,       will continue to intensify, various conflicts will become
     100-day safe production competition and winter            increasingly prominent, and the external environment
     escort, achieving the goals of “zero fatal incident,      will be more complex, severe and uncertain.
     zero environmental pollution incident, zero new           However, China’s economy has strong resilience,
     case of occupational disease and zero major HSE           great potential, and full vitality. The fundamentals of
     negative public opinion”. In terms of social welfare,     long-term improvement remain unchanged, and the
     the Company continued to reduce or exempt the             effects of various policies will continue to emerge.
     rent of small and micro enterprises and individual        The domestic economy is expected to recover in
     business proprietors in the service industry. Fully       general. For the real estate industry, housing without
     exploring its own resources and giving full play to its   speculation is still the main tone of the industry. The
     professional advantages, the Company carried out          industry will gradually transit to a new development
     public welfare assistance activities such as purchasing   model, with stable development, intensified market
     agricultural products from the assisted areas, “Dream     differentiation, and continuous survival of the fittest.
     Fulfilment Campaign (圓夢行動)” to raise employees’           As people’s desire for a better life will continue to
     donation, and donation to build public welfare            grow, real estate enterprises with financial stability
     libraries, continuing to support public welfare. In       and excellent products will usher in new development
     terms of corporate governance, the Company newly          opportunities. Facing challenges and opportunities
     formulated and issued the Governance Code of the          in the industry, looking ahead, China Jinmao will
     ESG Committee, comprehensively improving the              adhere to the existing strategic plan, deepen
     construction of corporate governance system and           the “ city-people-industry” city operation model,
     promoting stable operation of the Company. Thanks         promote the “ two-wheel and two-wing driven”
     to the continuous improvement of the its sustainable      business strategic upgrade, give play to the“ smart
     development capabilities, the Company ranked 153rd        technology and green health” product and service
     in the 2022 Fortune China Top 500 Enterprises, up 36      characteristics, maintain its premium quality core
     places as compared with last year. The brand value        competitiveness, seize new opportunities and
     exceeded RMB50 billion for the first time, achieving      make concerted efforts to march on a new journey
     18 consecutive years of brand value enhancement and       so as to comprehensively realise the high quality
     continuous expansion of brand influence.                  development of the Company.
                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022   13


                                                            Chairman’s Statement




There is a long way to go but we will reach our
destination as long as we keep walking; it is not easy
to achieve but we can make it as long as we keeping
doing. Although the new journey is full of difficulties,
the future is still bright. All employees of China Jinmao
have always been confident and will forge ahead
with the spirit of perseverance and determination, so
as to promote the high-quality transformation and
development of the Company and create greater
value for all shareholders. On behalf of the Board,
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the
shareholders, customers, business partners of the
Company and various sectors of the community.




Chairman
LI Fanrong


Hong Kong
28 March 2023
14   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Honours and Awards


     MAJOR INTEGRATED AWARDS                                          China Jinmao was awarded the “2022 Enterprise
                                                                NOV   with Outstanding Social Responsibility” at the
                                                                      2022 Thinking Finance Investor Annual Conference
           China Jinmao was awarded the “2022 Technology              hosted by Investorchina.cn.
     JAN   Innovation Enterprise” at the 2021-2022 Innovation
           Leader Ceremony hosted by the Economic
           Observer.                                                  China Jinmao was awarded the “2022 Listed
                                                                DEC   Company with Excellent Value” by hexun.com in
           China Jinmao was awarded the “2021 China Real              the 20th Finance Honours List.
           Estate Annual Red List Brand Influence Enterprise”
           by China.com.cn in the 13th China Real Estate              C h i n a J i n m a o w a s a w a r d e d t h e “ T o p 100
           Forum cum China Real Estate Red List.                      Commercial Operational Strength of the Year” at
                                                                      the New Starting Point •2022 China Real Estate
                                                                      Summit hosted by takungpao.com.
           China Jinmao was awarded the “Influential
     FEB   Enterprise of the Year” at the 2021 Focus Finance          China Jinmao was awarded the honorary title of
                                                                      “2022 Top 50 China Real Estate Comprehensive
           Annual Awards held by Focus Finance.
                                                                      Strength” at the 2022 China Urban High-quality
                                                                      Development Forum cum the 9th China Real
           China Jinmao was awarded the “ESG Model                    Estate Huabiao Award Ceremony hosted by
     JUN   Enterprise”, “Digital Intelligent Technology               finance.china.com.
           Leading Enterprise” and “Excellent Quality Power
           Enterprise” at the 19th (2022) Blue Chip Annual      MAJOR CITY OPERATIONS AND PROPERTY
           Conference hosted by the Economic Observer.          DEVELOPMENT AWARDS

           China Jinmao was awarded the “2022 Top 100                 Tianjin Haihe Jinmao Palace Project won the
     JUL   Influential Real Estate Brands in China” at the      SEP   “Jeme Tien Yow Award Excellent Residential
           12th China Real Estate Brand Development                   Community Gold Award” by the China Civil
           Conference 2022 hosted by China Real Estate                Engineering Association.
           News.

           China Jinmao was awarded the “2022                         Wuhan Fangdao Jinmao Smart Science City
           Excellent Golden Brick Cases of Real Estate          OCT   won the “2022 China Science and Technology
           Competitiveness in the 21st Century” at the                Residence” award at the 10th Global Chinese
           Boao •21st Century Real Estate Forum hosted by             Real Estate Ceremony held by ifeng.com.
           21st Century Business Herald.
                                                                      Jinmao Changsha International Community
                                                                NOV was awarded the “Platinum Winner in the
           China Jinmao was awarded the “2022 China Real              Architectural Design Category of MUSE Design
     SEP   Estate Listed Companies Brand Value TOP100”                Awards 2022” and the “Gold Winner in the
           at the 12th China Value Real Estate Annual                 Interior Design Category of MUSE Design Awards
           Conference hosted by National Business Daily.              2022” in the MUSE Design Awards organised
                                                                      by the International Awards Associate (IAA), the
                                                                      United States.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022           15


                                                                                   Honours and Awards




      Jinhua Dongmei Future Communities won the                 Jinmao Capital was awarded the “CV Best
DEC   “Global Zero-Carbon City Innovation Model           JUN   Investment Institution in the Real Estate Industry
      Award – Gold Award for Innovative Solutions”              of the Year” in the CV List released by CVInfo.
      from the United Nations Industrial Development
      Organization.
                                                                Jinmao Services was awarded the “2022 China
                                                          JUL   Property Service Brand Influence Enterprise” at
      Zhangjiagang Jinmao Smart Science City was
      awarded the “2022 China Property Market                   the 12th China Real Estate Brand Development
      Delivery Demonstration Project” at the 2022               Conference in 2022 hosted by China Real Estate
      Sixth China Real Estate New Era Ceremony                  News.
      hosted by Leju Finance.
                                                                Jinmao Services was honoured with the titles
HOTEL AWARDS                                              SEP   of “Digital Intelligent Technology Leading
                                                                Enterprise” and “2022 Top 100 Blue Chip
      Hilton Sanya Yalong Bay Resort & Spa was granted          Property Companies” at the 2022 Top 100 Blue
JAN   the titles of “2021 Hainan Tourism Hotel Industry         Chip Property Companies Summit hosted by the
      Best Family Hotel” and “2021 Hainan Tourism               Economic Observer.
      Hotel Industry TOP10”.

                                                                Tianjin Jinmao Place was granted the “Urban
      Jinmao Hotel Lijiang • The Unbound Collection by    NOV Renewal Commercial Landmark of the Year”
AUG   Hyatt was awarded the “2022 Family Hotel of the           award and “Top Ten Innovative Urban
      17th Starlight Awards” at the 2022 AHF Asia Hotel         Consumption Cases” by the Tianjin Municipal
      and Tourism Real Estate Forum cum the 17th                Bureau of Commerce.
      China Cultural Tourism Starlight Awards.
                                                                Jinmao Cloud won the “2022 Mobile Internet
                                                                of Things Advanced Enterprise Award” at the
      JW Marriott Hotel Shenzhen was awarded the title          First Mobile Internet of Things Conference
SEP   of “Five-Leaf China Green Hotel” by the National          hosted by the China Academy of Information and
      Green Hotel Committee.                                    Communications Technology and other units.

OTHER AWARDS
                                                                Jinmao Decoration was granted the “2022
                                                          DEC   Shanghai Quality Project Award” by the Shanghai
      Jinmao Services was awarded the “2021 China
JAN   Real Estate Annual Red List Property Management           Decoration and Renovation Association.
      Service Brand Influence Enterprise” by China.com.
      cn in the 13th China Real Estate Forum cum China
      Real Estate Red List.

      Tianjin Jinmao Place was awarded the “iF Design
      Award 2022 of Germany” by iF International
      Forum Design GmbH in Hannover.
16   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis                                              General Overview




                                                    Zhangjiakou


                                                Baoding       Tianjin
                                                        Beijing
                                  Taiyuan                                 Yantai
                                          Shijiazhuang           Weifang         Weihai
                                                         Jinan
                                                                Qingdao
                                                 Kaifeng
                     Xi’an          Zhengzhou
                                                                  Xuzhou Taizhou (泰州)
                                                               Nanjing
                                                                               Nantong
                                                Hefei         Changzhou
                                                                              Wuxi
                                                                       Suzhou      Shanghai
                                                              Huzhou Jiaxing
           Chengdu                     Wuhan                 Hangzhou
                           Chongqing                Nanchang Shaoxing Ningbo
                                  Yueyang                       Jinhua              Taizhou (台州)
                                           Changsha                   Wenzhou
      Lijiang
                Guiyang                        Zhuzhou
                                                                      Fuzhou
              Kunming                                            Quanzhou
                                             Guangzhou             Xiamen

                                           Foshan         Dongguan Shantou
                                                              Shenzhen
                                                 Zhuhai




                                         Sanya
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022                    17


                                       Management Discussion and Analysis General Overview




The Group holds 363 projects of city operations, property development, commercial leasing and retail operations
and hotel operations, with an area yet to be delivered of approximately 98.46 million square metres.


                                Number of         Area yet to be                                Number of         Area yet to be
                               projects(Note 1)   delivered(Note 2)                            projects(Note 1)   delivered(Note 2)

               Baoding                     1               52,388                  Dongguan                3               77,569

               Beijing                   30            2,814,090                   Foshan                  6           1,300,315

               Jinan                       8           1,128,404                   Fuzhou                  5           2,015,427

               Langfang                  15           23,704,226                   Guangzhou             11            1,616,110

               Qingdao                   21            5,238,398        South      Quanzhou                1               92,619

 Bohai rim     Shijiazhuang                1             148,926        China      Sanya                   3             487,021

               Tianjin                     9           1,257,551                   Xiamen                  3             427,981

               Weihai                      1               52,580                  Shantou                 2             302,779

               Weifang                     1             481,856                   Shenzhou                3             163,000

               Yantai                      2             648,604                   Zhuhai                  1             332,817

               Zhangjiakou                 3             634,453

                                                                                                Number of         Area yet to be
                                                                                               projects(Note 1)   delivered(Note 2)
                                Number of         Area yet to be
                               projects(Note 1)   delivered(Note 2)                Kaifeng                 1               19,885

               Changzhou                   4             979,866                   Nanchang              11            9,873,953

               Hangzhou                    9             995,713                   Taiyuan                 2             727,207

               Hefei                       6             359,696       Central     Wuhan                   9           3,867,945
                                                                        China      Yueyang                 1             502,147
               Huzhou                      3           1,209,102

               Jiaxing                     8           1,783,753                   Changsha              15            1,717,094

               Jinhua                      4           2,200,571                   Zhengzhou               6           3,074,397

               Nanjing                   26            5,084,181                   Zhuzhou                 1             412,075

               Nantong                     3             333,677

 East China    Ningbo                    18            3,893,911
                                                                                                Number of         Area yet to be
                                                                                               projects(Note 1)   delivered(Note 2)
               Shanghai                  23            1,783,552

               Shaoxing                    1             277,671                   Chengdu                 6             554,317

               Suzhou                    10            1,996,834                   Guiyang                 4           5,196,464

               Taizhou (台州)                5             546,481                   Kunming                 3             775,906
                                                                      West China
               Taizhou (泰州)                1             615,402                   Lijiang                 4             207,152

               Wenzhou                   20            2,512,905                   Xi’an                   6           1,076,316

               Wuxi                        8             967,615                   Chongqing             10            1,493,640

               Xuzhou                      5             443,401        Total                           363           98,459,943


Note 1: The number of projects covers city operations, property development, commercial leasing and retail operations,
        hotel operations

Note 2: The area yet to be delivered refers to the saleable/leasable gross floor area of each of such projects, less the
        area delivered, unit: m2
18   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis General Overview




     In 2022, facing the impact of unexpected factors such      From the perspective of landscape of the real estate
     as the increasingly complex and severe international       market, top 100 real estate enterprises recorded a
     environment and the sporadic yet repeated COVID-19         year-on-year decline of 41.6% in the cumulative sales
     outbreaks in China, authorities in different regions       operation scale in 2022, and most large real estate
     efficiently coordinated the pandemic prevention and        enterprises experienced negative growth, resulting
     control as well as economic and social development,        in an overall decline in sales performance across the
     and actively promoted the implementation of a              industry. The sales threshold of top 100 real estate
     package of policies and follow-up measures for             enterprises was significantly lower than that of the
     stabilising the economy. The national economy              same period last year, and was lower than that of
     maintained a recovery trend in general. The growth of      the same period in recent years. The sales operation
     national per capita disposable income was basically in     threshold amount of TOP10 real estate enterprises
     line with the economic growth, and the actual growth       decreased by 41.9% year-on-year, whereas the sales
     rate of consumption expenditure declined slightly.         operation threshold amount of TOP30 real estate
     GDP for the year, calculated based on constant prices,     enterprises decreased by 55.8% year-on-year. In 2022,
     increased by 3.0% as compared with the previous year,      there were only 20 large real estate enterprises each
     while income growth of national residents was basically    with a total sales scale of more than RMB100 billion,
     consistent with economic growth. The incremental           which was significantly fewer than before.
     value created by large-scale industries across China
     grew by 3.6% when compared with the previous year,         From the perspective of the hotel market, 2022 was
     while the incremental value created by high-tech           the most complicated year for the market environment
     manufacturing industry grew by 7.4% when compared          and the most critical year for the operation situation.
     with the previous year. Fixed asset investments grew       The hotel industry continued to suffer heavy losses, in
     by 5.1% when compared with the previous year, and          which the mid-to-high-end market was more sluggish.
     the investment in high-tech industry grew by 18.9%         With the continuous resurgence of the pandemic
     when compared with the previous year.                      situation and the continuous tightening of control
                                                                policies, the overall occupancy rate was relatively low
     From the perspective of the real estate market,            and the fluctuation was obvious. After the adjustment
     affected by unexpected factors such as COVID-19            of pandemic prevention policies towards the end
     resurgence in various places, the cumulative real estate   of the year, the recovery of social consumption was
     development investment recorded a negative year-on-        still uncertain, and the pace of recovery of the hotel
     year growth for the first time. The central government     industry was slow. It takes time for market performance
     required all regions to make full use of the policy        and confidence to recover.
     toolbox in light of local situations to support rigidity
     and improving type of housing demand, consolidate
     the responsibilities of local governments, ensure
     property delivery and stabilise people’s livelihood.
     The policy regulation of the industry has entered a
     new cycle. During the year, area sold of commodity
     housing decreased by 24.3% as compared with that in
     the last year; and sales amount of commodity housing
     decreased by 28.3% as compared with that in the last
     year.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022           19


                                    Management Discussion and Analysis General Overview




From the perspective of the commercial leasing               terms of sales amount, number of units sold and sales
market, in 2022, the resurgence of the pandemic              area in Taizhou property market in 2022. In January
had a certain impact on the office market. The net           2022, Jinmao Qingdao China-Europe International
absorption of office buildings in Beijing reached a          City Project was granted the “U.S. LEED gold pre-
record low throughout the year, with the vacancy rate        certification” by the U.S. Green Building Council. In
increasing slowly and the rental level decreasing amid       September 2022, Tianjin Haihe Jinmao Palace Project
pressure. Rental level of office buildings in Shanghai       was awarded the “Jeme Tien Yow Award Excellent
returned to the downward trend, and the vacancy rate         Residential Community Gold Award” by the China
increased slightly year-on-year. From the perspective        Civil Engineering Association. In October 2022, Wuhan
of the retail operations leasing market, affected by the     Fangdao Jinmao Smart Science City won the “2022
sporadic COVID-19 outbreaks, the overall domestic            China Science and Technology Residence” award at
economy showed a downward trend, and the total               the 10th Global Chinese Real Estate Ceremony held by
retail sales amount of consumer goods for the year           ifeng.com.
decreased year-on-year. At the end of the year, the
State Council and the Central Financial and Economic         From the perspective of hotel operations, the regional
Affairs Commission Office repeatedly emphasised              pandemic had been lingering throughout the year,
the pillar position of real estate, while prioritising the   and the prevention and control measures in various
recovery and expansion of consumption in the next            places had been tightened, resulting in a decline in
year. The fundamentals of industry policies will be          overall revenue, occupancy rate and RevPAR. Under
improved in 2023.                                            the huge impact on the industry, the hotel segment
                                                             actively responded to the national policies and
As to city operations and property development,              shouldered the social responsibility. Many hotels had
newly launched projects recorded stable sales                taken the responsibility of pandemic prevention hotels
throughout the year, and total amount of contracted          and provided rent reduction and waiver for qualified
sales was approximately RMB155.0 billion. As at the          micro, small and medium-sized enterprises. During
end of the Reporting Period, the amount of sales of          the key period of comprehensive transformation
properties and land contracted by the Group but not          to light assets, the hotel segment optimised and
yet delivered and settled was approximately RMB235.8         upgraded its organisational structure, improved
billion.                                                     its operational capabilities through standardised
                                                             construction, and enhanced its premium capabilities
Among the city operations and property development           through differentiated operation. By establishing the
projects, Shanghai • Changxing Jinmao Noble Manor            first digital collection platform in the hotel industry,
Project was launched for sale for the first time in          multiple IP images were released, building up a
January 2022. The sales performance was good and             unified cross-industry smart data analysis platform. The
achieved TOP1 in Chongming District in terms of sales        hotel segment has always emphasised the concept of
amount, sales area and number of units sold. Jinhua •        differentiated operation, through which it gradually
Dongmei Future Communities Project was launched              strengthened cost control measures, optimised cost
as a hot seller in June 2022, becoming the top spot          structure, enhanced operational flexibility, and actively
in both sales amount and sales area in Jinhua in the         adjusted sales strategies in response to changes in the
second half of the year. Beijing Wangjingyue Project         external macro environment. During the Period under
was first launched in September 2022 and won the             Review, Jinmao Purelax Mountain Hotel, Lijiang was
championship in terms of number of units sold online,        shortlisted as a “grand hall” in the KOL gold list, while
sales area and sales amount of pure commodity                Meixi Lake Hotel, A Luxury Collection Hotel, Changsha
housing in Chaoyang District, Beijing in October.            was awarded the “Golden Leaf” Green Tourism Hotel
Taizhou Zhoushanhe Project continued to be a hot             of Hunan Province.
seller throughout the year, and won the top spot in
20   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis General Overview




     In terms of commercial leasing, as each office building    In 2022, the Company continued to deepen the
     project was located in the core commercial area with       connotation of the two wings “technology + service”
     excellent tenant qualifications, the pandemic had not      and strengthened the role of traction of two business
     had a material adverse impact on it. The occupancy         wings. In terms of technology, upholding the
     rate and rental level of the two office buildings in       development philosophy of “In Science We Trust
     Beijing remained high. Affected by the pandemic and        and Unity in Knowledge and Action”, the Company
     the market, the occupancy rate and average rent of         adhered to the STEP development strategy, and with
     the office buildings in Shanghai decreased slightly. As    the mission of “green technology and better life”,
     for Nanjing, affected by the intensified competition in    Jinmao Green Building responded to the national
     the surrounding commercial and office markets, the         green development goal of “carbon neutrality”
     average occupancy rate decreased during the year.          and the major development strategy of “new
                                                                infrastructure”. It also laid out the comprehensive
     In terms of retail operations, in the face of the severe   energy service business, photovoltaic and zero-carbon
     pandemic prevention and control situation, Jinmao          building business, green big data centre business
     Retail has always adhered to strict prevention and         and new energy vehicle charging business, providing
     control, and the operation of each project remained        green, intelligent, safe and reliable integrated
     stable. The occupancy rate of many of its commercial       solutions for investment, construction and operation.
     projects increased. Qingdao Jinmao Mall of Splendor,       Based on big data, artificial intelligence, Internet of
     Zhangjiagang Mall of Splendor and Tianjin Jinmao           Things and other technologies, Jinmao Cloud used
     Place were opened in December 2022. Qingdao                intelligent and precise products and platform tools as
     Jinmao Mall of Splendor effectively filled the             means to start its business with digital marketing and
     commercial gap in Qingdao High-tech Zone, and all          smart Internet of Things, and continuously explored
     performance indicators reached the expected level.         and gave play to digital value. In terms of services,
     Since its opening, the food and beverage outlets           Jinmao Services actively built the three core IPs of
     of Zhangjiagang Mall of Splendor have performed            “quality”, “intelligence” and “symbiosis”. Adhering
     strongly, and the customer flow level has far exceeded     to the customer-oriented principle, with excellent
     the market competitors, winning the “2022 Yangtze          scenario design capabilities and stable quality
     River Delta City Commercial Star” award at the 2022        output capabilities, Jinmao Services provided asset
     China Shopping Mall + Summit. In the meantime,             management services and quality life solutions that
     Tianjin Jinmao Place overcame the impact of the            exceeded the expectations of customers. Through
     pandemic and achieved remarkable results on the            the Internet of Everything management equipment
     opening day through stabilising merchants, paying          and mobile Internet management services, Jinmao
     close attention to promotion and continuous                Services deeply promoted the digital transformation of
     innovation. It won the “Annual Urban Renewal               enterprises, drove service upgrading with technology,
     Commercial Landmark Award” and the “Top Ten                and continuously improved the management
     cases of City Consumption Innovation” by the Tianjin       service efficiency and user digital experience. At the
     Municipal Bureau of Commerce.                              same time, it actively strengthened the community
                                                                ecosystem, promoted and expanded city operation
                                                                services, and led the sustainable development
                                                                concept of low-carbon, environmental protection and
                                                                green. Relying on the investment layout of the city
                                                                operations industry chain, JM Capital followed through
                                                                the mission of capital reshaping the value of cities,
                                                                continued to consolidate the core competitiveness of
                                                                financing, created diversified financing channels and
                                                                gave full play to the role of financial empowerment.
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022                  21


                                  Management Discussion and Analysis General Overview




At the same time, it explored the blue ocean of urban    Looking ahead, the COVID-19 pandemic is still
renewal business and carried out investment layout       spreading, and the external environment is becoming
around China Jinmao’s city operations industry chain     more complex, severe and uncertain. The risks
to empower China Jinmao’s innovation, upgrade            a n d c h a l l e n g e s f a c e d b y C h i n a’ s d e v e l o p m e n t
and industry landing in an effort to actively expand     have increased significantly. The pandemic is still
financing channels, and capture projects in the fields   suppressing consumer demand, and investment in
of dual carbon technology + smart city + smart           some fields has yet to bottom out. In the meantime,
medical care, expanding investment scale. Jinmao         medium and long-term challenges such as potential
Decoration continued to adhere to the “market-           slowdown in economic growth, slowdown in
oriented, professionalised, standardised and refined”
                                                         population growth and low-carbon transformation
guiding ideology, strengthened external market
                                                         cannot be ignored. China’s economic fundamentals
expansion, implemented relevant requirements for the
                                                         remain resilient, promising and positive in the
year of project management, and enhanced customer
                                                         long run. New urbanisation will continue, and the
service with a customer-oriented approach, resulting
                                                         demand for urban renewal will keep emerging.
in a significant improvement in customer satisfaction.
                                                         Carbon neutrality and digitalisation will bring new
                                                         opportunities for the development of the industry.
In 2022, the Company reaped a good harvest in the
                                                         With the in-depth adjustment of the market, the pace
land market and capital market with outstanding
results. In respect of land acquisition, the Group       of survival of the fittest in the industry is accelerating,
acquired a number of quality land parcels in various     so that quality real estate enterprises that have
locations, including Qingdao, Chengdu, Tianjin,          withstood the test will enjoy more opportunities.
Beijing, Hefei, Ningbo, Nanjing, Shanghai and Xi’an,     Under the new situation, China Jinmao will fully
and our land reserve was substantially replenished. In   implement the concept of “insisting on city operation
fund acquisition, the Group has actively expanded a      and insisting on In Science We Trust”, continuously
variety of financing channels since 2022. The Group      improving its lean management capabilities and
has completed the issuance of the 5-year domestic        consolidating the foundation of the Company’s
exchange market corporate bonds in the amount of         development by focusing on the working approach
RMB5.3 billion. Among which, bonds in the amount         of “three reductions, one improvement, one
of RMB1.8 billion were issued in February 2022 with a    acceleration”, thereby creating even better results.
coupon rate of 3.2%; bonds in the amount of RMB1.5
billion were issued in March 2022 with a coupon rate
of 3.5%; bonds in the amount of RMB2 billion were
issued in July 2022 with a coupon rate of 3.28%; and
bonds in the amount of RMB2 billion were issued
in September 2022 with a coupon rate of 3.6%. In
addition, the Group successfully issued domestic
ordinary medium-term notes in the amount of RMB2
billion with a coupon rate of 3.29%. At the same time,
the Group successfully issued domestic Chemsunny
CMBS in the amount of RMB8.708 billion in April
2022 with a coupon rate of 3.4%; successfully issued
domestic Xicheng Jinmao Centre CMBS in the amount
of RMB2.331 billion in December 2022 with a coupon
rate of 3.95%; and successfully issued the 3-year
offshore senior bonds in the amount of US$350 million
in March 2022 with a coupon rate of 4.4%, which
provided sufficient funding support for subsequent
development of projects.
22   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                 Project Overview




     1.       MAJOR COMMERCIAL LEASING AND RETAIL OPERATIONS PROJECTS
                                                                                                                                      Area held for
                                                                                                                                       commercial
                                                                                                                                            leasing
                                                                                   Gross                      Equity                     and retail
                                                                               floor area                attributable                   properties
                                                                                 (square       Type of        to the        Date of        (square
      Name of project                       Location                             metres)       project        Group      completion        metres)

      Beijing Chemsunny World Trade         Xicheng District, Beijing, China     194,530        Office         100%            2006         111,313
          Centre
      Xicheng Jinmao Centre                 Xicheng District, Beijing, China      49,066        Office         100%            1995          49,066
      Jin Mao Tower (including hotel)       Pudong New Area,                     292,475        Office         100%            1999         216,462
                                            Shanghai, China
      Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao            Gulou District, Nanjing,             225,846      Complex         77.69%           2011         139,806
          Plaza Project (including hotel)     Jiangsu Province, China
          (Note 1)
      Changsha Meixi Lake                   Xiangjiang New District,             132,856        Office           80%           2017          14,963
          International R&D Centre            Changsha, Hunan Province,
                                              China
      Lijiang J • LIFE                      Old Town, Lijiang, Yunnan             21,893    Commercial          100%           2014          21,369
                                              Province, China
      Commercial portion of Qingdao         Shinan District, Qingdao,             61,142    Commercial           51%           2017          61,142
          Jinmao Harbour                      Shandong Province, China
      Jiayuan Plaza Hypermarket             High-Tech Industrial                  25,480    Commercial          100%           2013          25,480
                                              Development Zone,
                                              Ningbo, Zhejiang Province,
                                              China
      Changsha Jinmao Mall of               Yuelu District, Changsha,            141,723    Commercial           51%           2017         141,723
          Splendor                            Hunan Province, China
      Shanghai International Shipping       Hongkou District, Shanghai,            5,222    Commercial          100%           2013           5,222
          Service Center Co., Ltd. (16#)      China
      Wangjing Lvchuang Center              Chaoyang District, Beijing,           10,931        Office          100%           2020          10,931
                                              China
      Qingdao Jinmao Mall of                High-Tech Industrial                 121,172    Commercial          100%           2022          65,574
          Splendor                            Development Zone,
                                              Qingdao, Shandong
                                              Province, China
      Zhangjiagang Jinmao Mall of           Zhangjiagang, Suzhou, Jiangsu        123,227    Commercial          100%           2022          62,303
          Splendor                            Province, China
      Tianjin Jinmao Place                  Hedong District, Tianjin, China       47,693    Commercial          100%           2022          20,362
                                                                                                                                           945,716
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022       23


                                                Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




2.      HOTEL OPERATION PROJECTS
                                                                                          Gross         Equity
                                                                                      floor area   attributable                 Number
                                                                                        (square         to the        Date of   of guest
 Name of project                                Location                                metres)         Group      completion     rooms

 Renaissance Beijing Wangfujing Hotel           Dongcheng District, Beijing, China       44,413          100%            1995       329
 Grand Hyatt Shanghai (Note 2)                  Pudong New Area, Shanghai, China         76,013          100%            1999       555
 Hilton Sanya Yalong Bay Resort & Spa           Yalong Bay Resort, Sanya, Hainan         75,208          100%            2006       501
                                                  Province, China
 The Ritz-Carlton Sanya Yalong Bay              Yalong Bay Resort, Sanya, Hainan         83,772          100%            2008       450
                                                  Province, China
 The Westin Beijing Chaoyang                    Chaoyang District, Beijing, China        77,945          100%            2008       550
 JW Marriott Hotel Shenzhen                     Futian District, Shenzhen,               51,730          100%            2009       411
                                                  Guangdong Province, China
 Westin Nanjing (Note 1)                        Gulou District, Nanjing, Jiangsu         33,698         77.69%           2011       232
                                                  Province, China
 Hyatt Regency Chongming                        Chongming District, Shanghai, China      48,992          100%            2014       235
 Lijiang Jinmao Hotel (Note 3)                  Old Town District, Lijiang, Yunnan       84,384          100%            2014       401
                                                  Province, China
 Meixi Lake Hotel, A Luxury Collection Hotel,   Yuelu District, Changsha, Hunan          62,220          100%            2017       304
     Changsha                                     Province, China
 Xi’an Jinmao Hotel                             Beilin District, Xi’an, Shaanxi          12,998          100%            2007       160
                                                  Province, China
 Guangzhou Marriott Hotel Nansha                Nansha District, Guangzhou,              36,904            90%           2022       265
                                                  Guangdong Province, China
                                                                                       688,277                                    4,393
24   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




     3.1 MAJOR CITY OPERATIONS AND PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
         ACQUIRED BEFORE 2022
                                                                                        Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                       of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                              Location                           (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Beijing
      Beijing International Community Project      Shunyi District, Beijing, China            419,262   Residential          49.00%          2023
      Beijing Jinmao Palace Project                Fengtai District, Beijing, China           169,635   Residential          49.00%          2022
      Hopson • Jinmao • Poly • Greentown           Fengtai District, Beijing, China            76,339   Residential          25.00%          2023
        Beijing Jinmao Palace Project
      Beijing Hopson • Jinmao Dongsan Jinmao       Fengtai District, Beijing, China           159,109   Residential          18.00%          2023
        Palace Project
      Beijing Xishan Jinmao Palace Project         Fengtai District, Beijing, China           209,849   Residential          75.00%          2023
      Beijing Jinmao Chang’an Residence Project    Mentougou District,                         73,522   Residential         100.00%          2024
                                                     Beijing, China
      Beijing Jinmao & Greentown Qinyuan Project   Chaoyang District,                         311,770   Residential          30.00%          2024
                                                     Beijing, China

      Shanghai
      Shanghai Nanqiao Jinmao Residence Project    Fengxian District, Shanghai,               114,273   Residential          38.00%          2022
                                                     China
      Shanghai Future City Project                 Qingpu District, Shanghai,                  82,900   Residential          49.00%          2022
                                                     China
      Shanghai Yinghongqiao Project                Qingpu District, Shanghai,                 183,462   Residential          40.00%          2022
                                                     China
      Shanghai Changxing Jinmao Noble Manor        Chongming District, Shanghai,               86,027   Residential          70.00%          2023
        Project                                      China
      Shanghai Fengshengdao Project                Songjiang District, Shanghai,              254,433   Residential/         25.00%          2024
                                                     China                                              Commercial
      Shanghai Jing’an Tianyue Project             Jing’an District, Shanghai,                294,353   Residential          35.00%          2025
                                                     China
      Shanghai Pudong Hengmian Project             Pudong New Area, Shanghai,                 143,026   Residential          40.00%          2024
                                                     China
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022          25


                                               Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                               of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
Name of project                                Location                       (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

Guangzhou
Guangzhou Poly Longyue Mansion Project         Baiyun District, Guangzhou,            429,545   Residential          25.00%          2025
                                                 Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou CR Land – Road King –                Huadu District, Guangzhou,             178,582   Residential          30.00%          2023
  Jinmao | Tong Residence Project                Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou Lingshan Island Jinmao Harbour       Nansha District, Guangzhou,             98,799   Residential         100.00%          2022
  (Phase II) Project                             Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou Yuexiu & Jinmao | Lingshan Island Nansha District, Guangzhou,                95,392   Residential          49.00%          2022
  Jinmao Harbour Project                         Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou Cinda & Jinmao | Tianhe Jinmao       Tianhe District, Guangzhou,            283,732   Residential/         40.00%          2022
  Plaza Project                                  Guangdong Province, China                      Commercial
Guangzhou China Merchants • Jinmao • Poly      Conghua District, Guangzhou,           320,986   Residential          25.00%          2025
  HEFU Project                                   Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou Poly Tianjun Project                 Liwan District, Guangzhou,             113,599   Residential          25.00%          2024
                                                 Guangdong Province, China
Guangzhou Jinmao Vanke Metropolis              Zengcheng District,                    511,603   Residential          49.00%          2027
  Seasons Project                                Guangzhou, Guangdong
                                                 Province, China

Shenzhen
Shenzhen Guangming Jinmao Plaza Project        Guangming New District,                 41,793   Residential          49.00%          2023
                                                 Shenzhen, Guangdong
                                                 Province, China

Changsha
Changsha International Community Project       Yuelu District, Changsha,              405,871   Residential          65.00%          2026
                                                 Hunan Province, China
Changsha Yuhua Jinmao Smart Science            Yuhua District, Changsha,              243,404   Residential          50.00%          2026
  City Project (First batch of land parcels)     Hunan Province, China
26   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                     Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                    of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                               Location                       (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Nanjing
      Nanjing Gucheng Lake • Jinmao Noble           Gaochun District, Nanjing,             221,520   Residential/         49.00%          2023
        Manor Project                                 Jiangsu Province, China                        Commercial
      Nanjing CR Land • Rui Palace Project          Jianye District, Nanjing,              688,592     Complex            27.50%          2031
                                                      Jiangsu Province, China
      Nanjing Jiangning Jinmao Residence Project    Jiangning District, Nanjing,           300,053   Residential          70.00%          2023
                                                      Jiangsu Province, China
      Nanjing Greenland Haiyue Project              Jiangbei New District,                 538,402     Complex            40.00%          2029
                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu Province,
                                                      China
      Nanjing Yangtze River Jinmao                  Jiangbei New District,                 454,094     Complex            40.00%          2028
        Residence Project                             Nanjing, Jiangsu Province,
                                                      China
      Nanjing Tangshan Spa & Wellness               Jiangning District, Nanjing,           343,763     Complex            47.00%          2023
        Town Project                                  Jiangsu Province, China
      Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao Plaza Project      Gulou District, Nanjing,               203,826     Complex            77.69%          2026
        Phase II                                      Jiangsu Province, China
      Nanjing Midea • Jinmao〡Fangyuan Project       Jiangning District, Nanjing,           101,808   Residential/         50.00%          2023
                                                      Jiangsu Province, China                        Commercial
      Nanjing Yuncui Palace Project                 Qinhuai District, Nanjing,              73,235   Residential          20.00%          2023
                                                      Jiangsu Province, China

      Chongqing
      Chongqing Bishan Jinmao Residence Project     Bishan District, Chongqing,            347,762   Residential         100.00%          2022
                                                      China
      Chongqing Longxing International Ecological   Liangjiang New Area,                   229,173   Residential         100.00%          2026
        New City Northern Land Parcel                 Chongqing, China
      Chongqing Longxing International Ecological   Yubei District, Chongqing,             298,169   Residential/        100.00%          2025
        New City Southern Land Parcel                 China                                          Commercial
      Chongqing Central Jade Cloud Project          Yubei District, Chongqing,             372,867   Residential/         20.00%          2022
                                                      China                                          Commercial
      Chongqing Longhu Jinmao Beidao Project        Yubei District, Chongqing,             102,629   Residential          49.00%          2026
                                                      China
      Chongqing Xuetang Jinmao Residence Project Jiulongpo District,                       273,460   Residential         100.00%          2027
                                                      Chongqing, China
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022          27


                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                  Saleable area                            Equity
                                                                                 of the project          Type of      attributable      Date of
Name of project                                   Location                      (square metres)           project    to the Group    completion

Ningbo
Ningbo Greentown Jinmao Chunlan                   Yuyao, Ningbo, Zhejiang               178,401       Residential/         50.00%          2022
  Jingyuan Project                                  Province, China                                   Commercial
Ningbo Fengyue Yinhu Project                      Fenghua District, Ningbo,             143,442        Residential         25.00%          2023
                                                    Zhejiang Province, China
Ningbo Yuyao Qinglandi Project                    Yuyao, Ningbo, Zhejiang               185,021        Residential         30.00%          2024
                                                    Province, China
Ningbo Cixi Jiangshan Yunwang Project             Cixi, Ningbo, Zhejiang                169,031        Residential         30.00%          2024
                                                    Province, China

Qingdao
Qingdao Jimo International Smart New City         Jimo District, Qingdao,               322,948       Residential/         60.00%          2023
  Project (First batch of land parcels)             Shandong Province, China                          Commercial
Foreign Investment Block (Fourth batch of         Prime Location, North                 705,846       Residential/        100.00%          2026
  land parcels) in China-Europe International       Shore New Town, Qingdao,                         Commercial/
  City, Qingdao                                     Shandong Province, China                      Apartment/Hotel
Qingdao West Coast Innovation and                 Huangdao District, Qingdao,           195,978       Residential/        100.00%          2028
  Technology City (First batch of land parcels)     Shandong Province, China                          Commercial
Qingdao Eden Project                              High-Tech Industrial                  139,988          Complex           41.67%          2026
                                                    Development Zone,
                                                    Qingdao, Shandong
                                                    Province, China
Qingdao Dayun Valley • Laoshan Jinmao             Laoshan District, Qingdao,            931,702          Complex           60.00%          2026
  Palace (First batch of land parcels)              Shandong Province, China
Qingdao West Coast Innovation and                 Huangdao District, Qingdao,           148,966        Residential        100.00%          2033
  Technology City (Second batch of                  Shandong Province, China
  land parcels)
Qingdao Dayun Valley • Laoshan Jinmao             Laoshan District, Qingdao,            593,464        Residential         60.00%          2024
  Palace (Second batch of land parcels)             Shandong Province, China
Qingdao West Coast Innovation and                 Huangdao District, Qingdao,           127,221        Residential        100.00%          2025
  Technology City (Fifth batch of land parcels)     Shandong Province, China
Qingdao West Coast Innovation and                 Huangdao District, Qingdao,           104,076        Residential        100.00%          2033
  Technology City (Third batch of land parcels)     Shandong Province, China
Qingdao West Coast Innovation and                 Huangdao District, Qingdao,            74,235        Residential        100.00%          2033
  Technology City (Fourth batch of                  Shandong Province, China
  land parcels)
28   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                      Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                     of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                              Location                         (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Hangzhou
      Hangzhou Fuchun Jinmao Xingwaitan Project    Fuyang District, Hangzhou,               956,826     Complex            60.00%          2026
                                                     Zhejiang Province, China

      Hefei
      Hefei Yunqi Xingchen Project                 Xinzhan District, Hefei, Anhui           108,839   Residential          34.00%          2023
                                                     Province, China

      Xuzhou
      Xuzhou Four Seasons Citylink Vanke           Gulou District, Xuzhou,                  373,389   Residential/         25.00%          2023
        Gemdale Project                              Jiangsu Province, China                          Commercial

      Kunming
      Kunming Jinmao International                 Chenggong District, Kunming,             779,832   Residential/         66.00%          2026
        New City Project                             Yunnan Province, China                           Commercial
      Kunming Longjiang Jinmao Palace Project      Xishan District, Kunming,                310,905   Residential/        100.00%          2027
                                                     Yunnan Province, China                           Commercial

      Changzhou
      Changzhou Dongcheng Jinmao Residence         Economic Development Zone,               168,574   Residential          50.00%          2025
        Project                                      Changzhou, Jiangsu
                                                     Province, China

      Nantong
      Nantong Rugao Longxin Jinmao Ruiyuan         Rugao, Nantong, Jiangsu                  138,776   Residential          20.00%          2024
        Project                                      Province, China

      Zhuzhou
      Zhuzhou • Jinmao Residence Project           Shifeng District, Zhuzhou,               614,953   Residential         100.00%          2024
                                                     Hunan Province, China

      Taizhou (台州)
      Taizhou Linhai Linjiang Shangcheng Project   Linhai, Taizhou, Zhejiang                106,910   Residential          75.00%          2023
                                                     Province, China
      Taizhou Wenling Bojun Palace Project         Wenling, Taizhou, Zhejiang                74,136   Residential          34.00%          2023
                                                     Province, China
      Taizhou Yuhuan Jinyushangcheng Project       Yuhuan, Taizhou, Zhejiang                138,157   Residential          55.00%          2023
                                                     Province, China
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022          29


                                              Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                               Saleable area                          Equity
                                                                              of the project      Type of        attributable      Date of
Name of project                              Location                        (square metres)       project      to the Group    completion

Guiyang
Guiyang Ninth Heaven Project                 Baiyun District, Guiyang,               243,471   Residential            49.90%          2028
                                                Guizhou Province, China
Guiyang Guanshanhu International             Guanshanhu District, Guiyang,           564,540   Residential           100.00%          2025
  Community Project                             Guizhou Province, China
Guiyang Jinmao Crystal Smart New City        Chengnan Sub-district,                  109,544   Residential            51.00%          2024
  Project (First batch of land parcels)         Qingzhen, Guizhou
                                                Province, China

Suzhou
Suzhou Changshu Jinmao Smart Science         Changshu, Suzhou, Jiangsu               744,769     Complex      54.1% and 100%          2029
  City Project                                  Province, China                                                      (Note 4)
Suzhou Science and Technology City Financial High-Tech Industrial                    300,519   Residential/           24.50%          2024
  Town Project                                  Development Zone, Suzhou,                      Commercial
                                                Jiangsu Province, China

Wuxi
Wuxi Jiangyin Chengjiang • Jinmao Palace     Jiangyin, Wuxi, Jiangsu                 115,269   Residential           100.00%          2022
  Project                                       Province, China
Wuxi Lihu Jinmao Palace Project              Binhu District, Wuxi, Jiangsu           427,473   Residential/           49.00%          2025
                                                Province, China                                Commercial
Wuxi Fengyu Shanhe Project                   Binhu District, Wuxi, Jiangsu           184,192   Residential            33.00%          2025
                                                Province, China
Wuxi Junhe Palace Project                    Jiangyin, Wuxi, Jiangsu                 299,667   Residential/           36.00%          2027
                                                Province, China                                Commercial

Foshan
Foshan Chao’an Jinmao Residence Project      Chancheng District, Foshan,             260,453   Residential           100.00%          2023
                                                Guangdong Province, China
Foshan Binjiang Jinmao Residence Project     Nanhai District, Foshan,                564,254   Residential           100.00%          2027
                                                Guangdong Province, China
Foshan Qiaoshan Jinmao Residence Project     Nanhai District, Foshan,                 80,215   Residential           100.00%          2023
                                                Guangdong Province, China
Foshan Zhuoyue • Country Garden • Tianyue    Shunde District, Foshan,                171,650   Residential            33.00%          2024
  Bay Project                                   Guangdong Province, China
30   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                      Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                     of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                               Location                        (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Tianjin
      Tianjin Shangdong Jinmao Smart Science City Dongli District, Tianjin, China            82,910   Residential         100.00%          2023
        Project (Second batch of land parcels)

      Jinan
      Jinan Lushang Jinmao International            Licheng District, Jinan,                641,150   Residential          27.50%          2024
        Community Project                             Shandong Province, China
      Jinan Shizhong • Guoyue City Project          Shizhong District, Jinan,               390,551   Residential          33.00%          2026
                                                      Shandong Province, China

      Fuzhou
      Fuzhou Binhai Jinmao Smart Science City       Changle District, Fuzhou,               955,308     Complex           100.00%          2030
        Project (First batch of land parcels)         Fujian Province, China
      Fuzhou Binhai Jinmao Smart Science City       Changle District, Fuzhou,               925,421     Complex            90.00%          2030
        Project (Second batch of land parcels)        Fujian Province, China

      Wenzhou
      Wenzhou Yueqing Lechen Palace Project         Yueqing, Wenzhou, Zhejiang               66,479   Residential          33.00%          2023
                                                      Province, China
      Wenzhou Aojiang International New City        Pingyang County, Wenzhou,               171,079   Residential/        100.00%          2027
        Project (Land Parcel No.7)                    Zhejiang Province, China                        Commercial
      Wenzhou Aojiang International New City        Pingyang County, Wenzhou,               227,158   Residential/        100.00%          2028
        Project (Land Parcel No.3)                    Zhejiang Province, China                        Commercial
      Wenzhou Aojiang International New City        Pingyang County, Wenzhou,               128,963   Residential/        100.00%          2024
        Project (Land Parcel No.5)                    Zhejiang Province, China                        Commercial
      Wenzhou Aojiang International New City        Pingyang County, Wenzhou,               315,035     Complex           100.00%          2028
        Project (Land Parcel No.8)                    Zhejiang Province, China
      Wenzhou Aojiang International New City        Pingyang County, Wenzhou,               117,313   Residential         100.00%          2028
        Project (Land Parcel No.9)                    Zhejiang Province, China
      Wenzhou • Aojiang International New City      Pingyang County, Wenzhou,                90,044   Residential/        100.00%          2023
        Aojiang Palace                                Zhejiang Province, China                        Commercial
      Wenzhou • Aojiang International New City      Pingyang County, Wenzhou,               184,172   Residential/        100.00%          2028
        Wangjiang Residence                           Zhejiang Province, China                        Commercial
      Wenzhou Pingyang Xitang Future                Pingyang County, Wenzhou,               434,987   Residential/        100.00%          2025
        Community Project                             Zhejiang Province, China                        Commercial
      Wenzhou Quzhou Luming Future                  Kecheng District, Quzhou,               336,180   Residential/         30.02%          2024
        Community Project                             Zhejiang Province, China                        Commercial
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022          31


                                              Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                Saleable area                             Equity
                                                                               of the project          Type of       attributable      Date of
Name of project                               Location                        (square metres)           project    to the Group     completion

Wuhuan
Wuhan Huafa Yangluo Jinmao Noble Manor        Xinzhou District, Wuhan,                473,292 Residential/Hotel           50.00%          2031
  Project                                       Hubei Province, China
Wuhan Jianfa • Jinmao – Royal Residence       Jiangxia District, Wuhan,               252,452        Residential          49.00%          2021
  Project                                       Hubei Province, China
Wuhan Jinmao • Huafa • Wuhan International Jiangxia District, Wuhan,                  514,134        Residential          50.00%          2023
  Community Project                             Hubei Province, China
Wuhan Yangluo Jinmao Noble Manor Project      Xinzhou District, Wuhan,                378,101 Residential/Hotel          100.00%          2031
                                                Hubei Province, China
Wuhan Yangluo • Jinmao Residence Project      Xinzhou District, Wuhan,                199,619        Residential         100.00%          2021
                                                Hubei Province, China
Wuhan Fangdao Smart Science City Project      Hanyang District, Wuhan,              1,617,054          Complex     100.0%/75.00%          2028
                                                Hubei Province, China                                                    (Note 5)

Zhengzhou
Zhengzhou Jinmao Poly • Ruyi Palace Project   Zhengdong New District,                 101,716        Residential          49.00%          2023
                                                Zhengzhou, Henan
                                                Province, China
Zhengzhou Erqi District Mazhai New City       Erqi District, Zhengzhou,             2,301,877           Primary           49.50%          2025
  Project                                       Henan Province, China
Zhengzhou Poly Jinmao Shiguang Yueyuan        Jingkai District, Zhengzhou,            104,914       Residential/          49.00%          2023
  Project                                       Henan Province, China                               Commercial
Zhengzhou Future Palace Project               Jingkai District, Zhengzhou,            398,056        Residential          49.00%          2025
                                                Henan Province, China
Zhengzhou Poly Jinmao CCCG Pu’an Project      Zhengdong New District,                 124,764        Residential          34.00%          2024
                                                Zhengzhou, Henan
                                                Province, China

Chengdu
Chengdu Dongsan Jinmao Noble Manor            Longquanyi District, Chengdu,            79,363        Residential          51.00%          2022
  Project                                       Sichuan Province, China
Chengdu Jinjiang Jinmao Palace Project        Jinjiang District, Chengdu,             105,117        Residential          75.48%          2024
                                                Sichuan Project, China
32   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                         Saleable area                       Equity
                                                                                        of the project      Type of     attributable      Date of
      Name of project                                  Location                        (square metres)      project    to the Group    completion

      Nanchang
      Nanchang Chennanli Project                       Nanchang County, Nanchang,              201,167   Residential        100.00%          2023
                                                         Jiangxi Province, China
      Nanchang Gemdale Jinmao • Jiufeng Palace         Honggutan New District,                 177,187   Residential         40.00%          2022
        Project                                          Nanchang, Jiangxi Province,
                                                         China
      Nanchang Evian Uptown Project                    Qingshan Lake District,                 218,551   Residential         33.00%          2025
                                                         Nanchang, Jiangxi Province,
                                                         China
      Nanchang Zhenro Jinmao Midea Yunjing             Nanchang County, Nanchang,              175,252   Residential         33.00%          2023
        Project                                          Jiangxi Province, China
      Jinmao Nanchang International Community          Xinjian District, Nanchang,             532,414   Residential        100.00%          2028
        Project                                          Jiangxi Province, China
      Nanchang Wangyuehu Jinmao Residence              Xinjian District, Nanchang,             130,994   Residential        100.00%          2023
        Project                                          Jiangxi Province, China

      Zhangjiakou
      Zhangjiakou Jingbei Jinmao Residence Project Xiahuayuan District,                        131,609   Residential        100.00%          2023
                                                         Zhangjiakou, Hebei
                                                         Province, China
      Residential Land Parcel No. A-1-1, Ruanyin       Xiahuayuan District,                    238,019   Residential        100.00%          2026
        Science Park Residence, Xiahuayuan District,     Zhangjiakou, Hebei
        Zhangjiakou                                      Province, China
      Zhangjiakou Xiahuayuan Land Parcel K Project Xiahuayuan District,                        168,846   Commercial         100.00%          2027
                                                         Zhangjiakou, Hebei
                                                         Province, China

      Baoding
      Baoding Jingxiu Jinmao Residence Project         Jingxiu District, Baoding,              206,748   Residential         80.00%          2022
                                                         Hebei Province, China

      Jinhua
      Jinhua Jinmao Future Science City Project        Jindong District, Jinhua,             2,165,163      Primary          80.00%          2022
                                                         Zhejiang Province, China
      Jinhua Dongmei Future Community Project          Jindong District, Jinhua,               657,032   Residential        100.00%          2033
                                                         Zhejiang Province, China
      Jinhua Chuangzhi Tower Project                   Jindong District, Jinhua,                42,352       Office         100.00%          2027
                                                         Zhejiang Province, China
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022          33


                                             Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                               of the project       Type of     attributable      Date of
Name of project                              Location                         (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

Sanya
Sanya Jinmao Harbour Project                 Yazhou District, Sanya, Hainan           388,294   Residential/         70.00%          2024
                                               Province, China                                  Commercial/
                                                                                                     Office

Shantou
Shantou Shuangyue Bay Project                Jinping District, Shantou,               252,298    Residential         50.00%          2026
                                               Guangdong Province, China

Weihai
Weihai Fengji • Jinmao Residence Project     Economic and Technological               222,661   Residential/        100.00%          2022
                                               Development Zone, Weihai,                        Commercial
                                               Shandong Province, China

Weifang
Weifang Taoyuan • Jinmao Residence Project   High-Tech Industrial                     586,253   Residential/        100.00%          2026
                                               Development Zone,                                Commercial
                                               Weifang, Shandong
                                               Province, China

Yueyang
Yueyang Jinmao Dongting Ecological           Dongfeng Lake New District,              753,048    Residential         75.00%          2027
  Innovation City Project                      Yueyang, Hunan Province,
                                               China

Zhuhai
Zhuhai Huxin • Jinmao Residence Project      Doumen District, Zhuhai,                 397,438    Residential         69.99%          2024
                                               Guangdong Province, China

Xiamen
Xiamen International Community Project       Xiang’an District, Xiamen,               150,726    Residential        100.00%          2022
                                               Fujian Province, China
Xiamen Huandong Jinmao Residence Project     Xiang’an District, Xiamen,               262,543    Residential        100.00%          2025
                                               Fujian Province, China
34   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                     Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                    of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
      Name of project                               Location                       (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Jiaxing
      Jiaxing Shanghai Window Smart Science City    Jiashan County, Jiaxing,             1,408,583       Primary          80.00%          2022
        Project                                       Zhejiang Province, China
      Jiashan Jinyue Xuefu Project                  Jiashan County, Jiaxing,               205,511   Residential          30.00%          2023
                                                      Zhejiang Province, China
      Jiaxing Xingchenyuen Project                  Jiashan County, Jiaxing,                88,093   Residential          40.00%          2022
                                                      Zhejiang Province, China
      Jiaxing Jiashan Future Community Project      Jiashan County, Jiaxing,               149,989   Residential          51.00%          2025
                                                      Zhejiang Province, China
      Jiaxing Jinyue Xuefu Project                  Jiashan County, Jiaxing,               205,511   Residential          30.00%          2023
                                                      Zhejiang Province, China

      Xi’an
      Xi’an Weiyang Jinmao Palace Project           Weiyang District, Xi’an,               155,323   Residential         100.00%          2022
                                                      Shaanxi Province, China
      Xi’an High-tech Industrial Development Zone   High-tech Industrial                   180,829   Residential         100.00%          2034
        Jinmao Yueyuan Project                        Development Zone, Xi’an,
                                                      Shaanxi Province, China
      Xi’an Daming Palace Jinmao Palace Project     Qujiang New District, Xi’an,           215,830   Residential          80.00%          2034
                                                      Shaanxi Province, China

      Taiyuan
      Taiyuan Longcheng • Jinmao Palace Project     Xiaodian District, Taiyuan,            378,773   Residential          35.00%          2024
                                                      Shanxi Province, China

      Yantai
      Yantai Lu Shang Jinmao • Impression of Sea    Laishan District, Yantai,              557,706   Residential/         40.00%          2027
        View Project                                  Shandong Province, China                       Commercial
      Yantai Happy Jinmao Residence Project         Zhifu District, Yantai,                117,234   Residential/         58.00%          2023
                                                      Shandong Province, China                       Commercial

      Shijiazhuang
      Shijiazhuang Chang’an • Jinmao Residence      Chang’an District,                     148,926   Residential         100.00%          2023
        Project                                       Shijiazhuang, Hebei
                                                      Province, China
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022          35


                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                                    Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                                   of the project      Type of      attributable      Date of
Name of project                                  Location                         (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

Taizhou (泰州)
Taizhou Fengcheng Jinmao Palace Project          Medical High-tech Zone,                  615,256   Residential/         30.50%          2024
                                                   Taizhou, Jiangsu Province,                       Commercial
                                                   China

Yancheng
Yancheng Haitang Jinmao Palace Project           High-tech Industrial                     185,735   Residential/         70.00%          2026
                                                   Development Zone,                                Commercial
                                                   Yancheng, Jiangsu
                                                   Province, China

Dongguan
Dongguan Poly • Yuexiu • Jinmao – Songhu         Liaobu Town, Dongguan,                    63,994   Residential/         30.00%          2024
  Yunxi Project                                    Guangdong Province, China                        Commercial

Danyang
Danyang Optical City Project                     Development Zone, Danyang,               708,342     Complex           100.00%          2026
                                                   Jiangsu Province, China

Shaoxing
Shaoxing Zhuji Jiyang Palace Project             Zhuji, Shaoxing, Zhejiang                250,507   Residential         100.00%          2024
                                                   Province, China

Huzhou
Huzhou Jinmao Nantaihu Window of the             Nantaihu New District,                   565,317     Complex           100.00%          2026
  Future Project (First batch of land parcels)     Huzhou, Zhejiang Province,
                                                   China

Langfang
Langfang Longhe New City (First batch of         Anci District, Langfang, Hebei           569,683     Complex           100.00%          2027
  land parcels)                                    Province, China
36   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




     3.2 PROJECTS ACQUIRED SINCE 2022
                                                                            Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                           of the project       Type of     attributable      Date of
      Name of project                     Location                        (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

      Beijing
      Beijing Yongding Jinmao Palace      Fengtai District, Beijing,            88,455.40    Residential         100.0%          2025
        Project                             China
      Beijing Wangjingyue Project         Chaoyang District, Beijing,          138,222.74    Residential         49.00%          2025
                                            China

      Chengdu
      Chengdu Yuehu Jinmao Residence      Wuhou District, Chengdu,             110,594.05    Residential         75.50%          2024
        Project                             Sichuan Province, China

      Hefei
      Hefei Yihe Jinmao Xuelin Shiguang   Yaohai District, Hefei, Anhui        117,956.54   Commercial/          40.00%          2025
        Project                             Province, China                                  Residential

      Nanjing
      Land Parcel G27                     Qinhuai District, Nanjing,           229,889.50      Complex           36.00%          2030
                                            Jiangsu Province, China

      Ningbo
      Ningbo Jinmao · Huamanli Project    Fenghua District, Ningbo,            159,445.96   Commercial/          100.0%          2024
                                            Zhejiang Province, China                         Residential
      Ningnan Jinmao · Xinxueli Project   Fenghua District, Ningbo,            127,832.24   Commercial/          100.0%          2024
                                            Zhejiang Province, China                         Residential
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          37


                                        Management Discussion and Analysis Project Overview




                                                                        Saleable area                        Equity
                                                                       of the project       Type of     attributable      Date of
 Name of project                       Location                       (square metres)       project    to the Group    completion

 Qingdao
 Qingdao Shiyuan · Jinmao Palace       Licang District, Qingdao,           284,172.74    Residential         16.00%          2026
   Project                               Shandong Province, China
 Qingdao Jimo International Smart      Jimo District, Qingdao,             220,900.12   Commercial/          60.00%          2024
   New City Project (Fourth batch        Shandong Province, China                        Residential
   of land parcels)

 Shanghai
 Shanghai Taopu Project                Putuo District, Shanghai,            99,689.90    Residential         100.0%          2025
                                         China

 Tianjin
 Tianjin Shangdong Jinmao Smart        Dongli District, Tianjin,           212,233.72   Commercial/          100.0%          2025
   Science City Project (Third batch     China                                           Residential
   of land parcels)

 Xi’an
 Xi’an Daming Palace Jinmao Palace     Qujiang New District, Xi’an,        210,312.52    Residential         100.0%          2026
                                         Shaanxi Province, China

(Note 1)      Nanjing Mall of Splendor and Westin Nanjing are located in Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao Plaza.

(Note 2)      Grand Hyatt Shanghai is located in Jin Mao Tower.

(Note 3)      Lijiang Jinmao Hotel is held as to 100% interest by the Group. Lijiang Jinmao Hotel in the urban area is
              situated in Lijiang Jinmao Richmond Town Project; whereas the Mountain Lodge in the scenic area is situated
              in Ganhaizi, Jade Dragon Snow Mountain.

(Note 4)      Changshu Jinmao Smart Science City Project is developed on Changshu Yumao land parcels
              Nos.2020A-012/013/015/016 and Changshu Pumao land parcel No.2020A-014 respectively. Currently, the
              Group holds 100% interest in Changshu Pumao land parcel No.2020A-014, 10% direct interest in Changshu
              Yumao land parcels Nos.2020A-012/013/015/016, and 44.1% indirect interest in Changshu Yumao land
              parcels Nos.2020A-012/013/015/016 through Suzhou Maotai Real Estate Co., Ltd., an associate with 49%
              equity interest.

(Note 5)      Wuhan Fangdao Smart Science City Project is developed on the land parcels Nos.B1-9 in Wuhan Ruimao
              Island and the land parcels Nos.A1-A7 outside Wuhan Yumao Island. Currently, the Group holds 100%
              interest in the land parcels Nos.B1-B9 in Wuhan Ruimao Island and 75% interest in the land parcels Nos.A1-
              A7 outside Wuhan Yumao Island.
   CITY
OPERATIONS
40   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      Business Review

     City Operations

     Qingdao
     Jimo Jinmao Smart International City




     Qingdao Jimo Jinmao Smart International City Project is located in the Duxin area in the north of Qingdao,
     next to Zhujiang No. 2 Road in the north and adjacent to Yanqing Road in the west. The location of the project,
     Huanxiu Street, not only serves as the south portal connecting Jimo with Qingdao, but is also the core area of
     the “three bays, three cities” planning in the Greater Qingdao, which is benefited most from the urban planning
     of Jimo and the integration with Qingdao. The area houses abundant landscape resources such as Huanxiu Lake
     and Xunhu Mountain, laying a solid ecological foundation for subsequent regional transformation. With a total
     site area of approximately 1,067 mu and a GFA of approximately 1.337 million sq.m., the project is planned to be
     developed into a modern complex with six major functions, namely commercial retail, commercial office, hotel
     and catering, apartment residence, cultural entertainment, and leisure. With city operations as the core, the
     future vitality of the city will be released to establish a new image of North Qingdao’s metropolitan centre.

     In March 2022, China Jinmao successfully won the bid for the fourth batch of land parcel No. 613 for Qingdao
     Jimo Smart International City Project with a site area of 88.2 mu and a saleable area of approximately 220,900
     sq.m.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022          41


             Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review City Operations




Tianjin
Shangdong Jinmao Smart Science City




Tianjin Shangdong Jinmao Smart Science City Project is located in the core area in the eastern part of the
central urban area of Tianjin. Based on the TOD core business area and the leisure and greening axis, China
Jinmao has planned the five major functional areas, namely TOD business area, smart office area, city park area,
elite education area and ecological residential area, and intends to create a smart city complex integrating
Jinmao Mall of Splendor, Jinmao Hotel, high-end industries, domestic and foreign brand education resources
and ecological residence. Adhering to the “one-stop, all-business format, multi-functional and 24/7” business
development model, Jinmao Mall of Splendor is planned to be developed into a large-scale city shopping
mall integrating functions such as fashion and shopping, leisure and catering, family entertainment, film and
television, and culture and education. In meeting the diversified consumer needs of residents in the eastern area
of Tianjin for everyday shopping, leisure and entertainment, the Group strives to build a new landmark in Dongli
District, Tianjin which will offer the best one-stop shopping experience.

In April 2022, China Jinmao successfully won the bid for the third batch of land parcel (Jin Dong Li Sha (Gua) no.
2022-005) for Mall of Splendor Block (Phase II) of the project with a site area of 217.3 mu and a total saleable and
leasable area of approximately 476,300 sq.m.
42   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review City Operations




     Ningbo
     Life Science City




     Ningbo Life Science City Project is located at Fangqiao land parcel in the northern part of Fenghua District,
     which is in the new town of South Ningbo. With a total site area of approximately 5,910 mu and a GFA of
     approximately 4.81 million sq.m., the total investment for the first phase of project amounts to approximately
     RMB16.5 billion. Its development and operation follow the five city perspectives of Jinmao, namely “symbiosis,
     resource, human habitat, operation and function”, and the three priority concepts of “ecology first, supporting
     facilities first, and industry first”. Focusing on the operation objectives of “three years of planning, five years of
     development”, the project has the supporting facilities orderly implemented, the ecological environment orderly
     improved, and people’s livelihood orderly perfected, so as to accelerate the improvement of urban functional
     quality and promote a new leap of development.


     In July 2022, China Jinmao acquired the land parcel no. FH02-01-23 in Fangqiao Street, Fenghua District and the
     land parcel no. FH02-02-20 in Fangqiao Street, Fenghua District with a site area of 159.7 mu and a total saleable
     area of approximately 287,300 sq.m.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          43


             Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review City Operations




Qingdao
SCO International Expo Centre




Qingdao SCO International Expo Centre Project is located at Jiaozhou, Qingdao. Comprising four parts,
namely the integrated exhibition hall, the SCO cultural exhibition area, the multi-functional exhibition hall and
the central square, the project integrates exhibition, business, tourism and culture, creating a new integrated
space for the members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation to interact and integrate diversified business
forms with a one-stop cultural experience.


In September 2022, China Jinmao, together with Qingdao Chengtong and Qingdao Shiyuan, successfully won the
bid for the land parcels nos. LC0605-81, LC0605-137 and LC0605-142a next to the World Horticultural Exposition
in Licang District, with a total saleable area of approximately 284,200 sq.m.
44   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review City Operations




     Qingdao
     Jinmao China-Europe International City




     Qingdao Jinmao China-Europe International City Project is located in the Hi-Tech Industry Development Zone
     along the north coast of Jiaozhou Bay in Qingdao, which is the core zone of the north coast city area of Qingdao.
     The project occupies a total site area of approximately 2,500 mu, with a planning GFA of 4 million sq.m., covering
     high-end residential buildings, elite apartments, large shopping malls, five-star hotels, industrial offices and other
     businesses. For the first time, it integrates industrial functions, urban functions and ecological functions, and is a
     genuine city-industry integration project. At the same time, in order to accelerate the development of the area,
     the project introduces the world-renowned cultural tourism project, Eden in the United Kingdom, in the wetland
     park to the south of the project with an area of approximately 1,000 mu, equipping the area with the key element
     to develop into a world-class tourism resort destination.


     In September 2022, China Jinmao entered into a supplemental cooperation agreement with the management
     committee of Qingdao Hi-Tech Zone, with all works progressing in an orderly manner.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          45


             Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review City Operations




Wenzhou
Aojiang International New City




Wenzhou Aojiang International New City Project, located in the block of Gu’ao Tou, Binjiang Centre, Aojiang,
Pingyang, has a total site area of approximately 1,972 mu (equivalent to approximately 1.31 million sq.m.) and a
total GFA of approximately 1.05 million sq.m. China Jinmao plans to develop the project into a “3+2” industrial
system integrating industries and urban features step by step from the aspects such as residence, culture,
commercial office, landmark buildings and supporting facilities with “technology and innovation industries,
financial service industry, cultural and creative industry” as the core, and “professional service industry +
education and training industry” as the support, striving to forge the project to become a vibrant centre of
Pingyang with its advantages such as urban core location, excellent scenery resources, profound cultural heritage
and business supporting facilities.

In September 2022, Wenzhou Aojiang International New City held the kick-off ceremony for the construction
of China Jinmao-Pullman ultra-high-rise building with a planned height of 239 metres. With a five-star hotel
and Grade A offices as the core, the project will build a business innovation ecological platform and a creative
space integrating “city-talent-industry-innovation”, covering various functions such as business travel and
accommodation, conference and exhibition, catering and banquet, investment promotion and exhibition, high-
end office and city sightseeing.
46   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review City Operations




     Jinhua
     Future Science City




     Jinhua Future Science City Project is located in Dongmei area of Jinyi New District (Jindong District) in
     Jinhua, adjacent to Wuyi River. The project occupies a total site area of approximately 2,760 mu (equivalent
     to approximately 1.84 million sq.m.) with a GFA of approximately 2.25 million sq.m. The project covers core
     sectors such as provincial future community pilot projects and digital innovation economic parks, integrating
     functions such as smart residence, quality education, featured business, business office and industrial research
     and development, creating a provincial-level all-round future community benchmark project with comprehensive
     functions, rich business forms and smart operation. By exploring the potential value of the city, it sets to build
     Dongmei area into a benchmark project leading the development of the Jinyi urban area.


     In November 2022, Jinmao Science and Technology Innovation Park of Jinhua Future Science City was officially
     opened, with an occupancy rate of 100%. Enterprises in the park were set to develop the D5 industrial land
     parcel of Jinhua Future Science City, with an estimated construction area of approximately 65,000 sq.m.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          47


             Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review City Operations




Langfang
Longhe New City




Langfang Longhe New City Project occupies a total site area of 297.45 mu in five land parcels with a total plot
ratio-based GFA of 459,000 sq.m. It is planned to be developed into a large-scale centralised commercial zone as
the key industrial park in Langfang. After 16 years of development in Longhe New Area by VAST Development,
Longhe New City is now known as “Langfang Information Industry Base under the National Torch Programme”,
“Hebei High-tech Industry Demonstration Zone” and “Provincial High-tech Industry Cluster Zone”, and was rated
as “China’s Most Valuable Financial Ecological Development Zone”. Since the commencement of construction in
2005, the project has now owned a three-dimensional transportation network, and initially formed three leading
industrial clusters of electronic information, equipment manufacturing and modern service industry, with a
development trend characterised by “innovation-driven and industrial new city”.


In 2022, a total of 8 industrial projects including Metcold were signed, and various tasks were progressing in an
orderly manner.
  PROPERTY
DEVELOPMENT
50   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis                                    Business Review

     Property Development
                                           Beijing Wangjingyue Project is a gift jointly offered
                                           by Jinmao and BCDH in its hometown of Wangjing,
                                           creating delicate healthy technological residences
                                           each with three to four bedrooms and a floor area
                                           of approximately 102-155 sq.m. Situated near the
                                           ecological natural resource area along the two rivers
                                           of Qinghe and Wenyuhe, the project enjoys 9 major
                                           urban parks within approximately 3 km. It is located
                                           in the central area of Wangjing transportation and
                                           road network, with four horizontal and four vertical
                                           roads and multi-track rapid access to the popular
                                           areas of city such as Haidian, Chaoyang, Changping
                                           and Shunyi. While an all-round 8-dimensional system
                                           provides all-round solutions for quality life, the
                                           project creates a living environment with comfortable
                                           temperature, humidity and oxygen by making use
                                           of the pleasant functions of Jinmao’s twelve major
                                           technology systems as the core.

                                           During the Period under Review, the project was
                                           ranked No.1 in Chaoyang in terms of number of units
                                           sold, sales area and sales amount for pure commodity
                                           housing signed online in October 2022.



                                           Beijing Xishan Jinmao Palace Project is located
                                           in “Fengtai Changxindian Science and Technology
                                           Ecological Zone” in West 5th Ring Road, surrounded
                                           by “one river, five lakes and eight parks” including
                                           Yongding River and Garden Expo Park. Leveraging
                                           the three-dimensional “three horizontals and two
                                           verticals” transportation network of West 5th Ring
                                           Road and Metro Line 14, it provides quick access to
                                           ABP, Financial Street and other business districts. To
                                           the west of the project is approximately 800,000 sq.m.
                                           of commercial and service ancillary facilities in the west
                                           zone of Fengtai Science Park. The products include a
                                           community comprising only 6-storey houses with ultra
                                           low plot ratio, housing four bedrooms for whole family
                                           each with a floor area of approximately 120-160 sq.m.,
                                           inheriting the 12 major green and gold technologies
                                           of Jinmao Palace to create a technological residence
                                           with comfortable temperature, humidity and oxygen.
                                           At the same time, a new generation community
                                           neighbourhood centre “neighbours of neighbours” of
                                           approximately 1,400 sq.m. has been established for
                                           free connection among neighbours.

                                           During the Period under Review, the project was
                                           ranked No.1 in Fengtai in terms of number of units
                                           sold, sales area and sales amount for ordinary
                                           commodity housing signed online.
                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022            51


Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Property Development




                                   Beijing Jinmao • Chang’an Residence Project is
                                   located at the west side of the Xinshougang business
                                   district block where five rail lines meet, approximately
                                   600 metres away from Sidaoqiao Station of Line S1. It is
                                   easily accessible to all parts of the city with one station
                                   away from interchange to Lines 6/11, two stations
                                   away from interchange to Lines 1/6 and for the long-
                                   term, two stations on Line S1 away from interchange
                                   to Line 18 which is under planning. The project is
                                   within two Metro stations from large-scale integrated
                                   commercial complexes such as Chang’an Mills,
                                   Xirondo Plaza, Chang’an Paradise Walk and Uni ELITE.
                                   With a plot ratio of 2.0 low density environment, it is
                                   planned to build delicate residences each with a floor
                                   area of approximately 80-100 sq.m. and two to three
                                   bedrooms, as well as technological delicate improved
                                   housing each with a floor area of approximately 120-
                                   143 sq.m. and three to four bedrooms. With full-age
                                   all-round design, and relying on Jinmao’s twelve major
                                   technology systems to create a smart community, the
                                   project pays tribute to the quality improvement of
                                   contemporary elite families.


                                   During the Period under Review, the project achieved
                                   great success in the first launch, with the small-sized
                                   units in land parcel no. 01 sold out. It has quickly
                                   become the benchmark of high-quality technological
                                   residential units of Jinmao (non-Palace series) in West
                                   Beijing.


                                   Hangzhou Qinwang Palace Project is located in the
                                   “City Eye” block of Qinwang, which is a residential
                                   portion of the Qinwang city complex in Fuyang built
                                   by China Jinmao. It enjoys a range of supporting
                                   facilities for the future planning of the complex,
                                   including a commercial complex, boutique residence,
                                   TOD three-dimensional transportation, a 221-metre
                                   urban landmark office building, a shopping mall, a
                                   five-star hotel, a commercial water street and other
                                   business segments.


                                   During the Period under Review, the project continued
                                   to achieve hot sales, ranking first in terms of
                                   contracted amount in Fuyang District, Hangzhou.
52   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Property Development




                                           Nanjing • Hexi Jinmao Palace Project is located at the
                                           intersection of Yongchu Road and Pingliang Avenue
                                           in the southwest of the main city area of Nanjing. It is
                                           the new city centre of Nanjing’s five major functions,
                                           namely finance, commerce, trading, exhibition and
                                           culture and sports. A mid-to-high-end residential area
                                           for both residence and employment, the project is
                                           also a leisure tourist site in the western part of the city
                                           featuring riverside scenery. It is the new city centre
                                           with modern civilisation and riverside characteristics,
                                           and a modern international landmark of the new
                                           Nanjing.

                                           During the Period under Review, the project sold well
                                           with all residential units sold out.


                                           Chengdu • Jinjiang Jinmao Palace Project is located
                                           in the east of the financial city and in the core
                                           residential area of Bailuwan Science and Technology
                                           Ecological Industrial Park. Supported by the ecological
                                           green wedge of approximately 15,000 mu of Bailuwan-
                                           Sanshengxiang, the project enjoys both prosperity and
                                           nature. The project has a low plot ratio and density,
                                           with 6-storey buildings only to create grand floors
                                           by making use of green and gold technologies, a
                                           benchmark product of double first-floor innovative
                                           villas, integrating six major upgrades based on our
                                           twelve major indoor green and gold technology
                                           systems.


                                           During the Period under Review, all residential units
                                           of the project were sold out during all six launches,
                                           setting up a hot sales phenomenon for Jinmao in the
                                           market and becoming a benchmark residential project
                                           in the area.
                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022           53


Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Property Development




                                   Jinhua • Dongmei Future Community Project,
                                   located within Jinhua Jinmao Future Science City,
                                   is equipped with a range of full-dimensional and
                                   fully-enjoyed living services distributed in an orderly
                                   manner, including community general hospital, happy
                                   classroom, the Internet celebrity wet market, future
                                   kindergarten, elderly care service centre, central
                                   future park, etc. Slow-moving life ring resembling the
                                   Chinese character of “日” divides the community land
                                   parcel into groups of living services with a radius of
                                   approximately 1 km, covering delicacies and shopping,
                                   ecological landscape, family life, smart street, firework
                                   street, all-age friendly, dynamic social networking,
                                   humanity and education and other life nodes, so
                                   that community residents in each group can enjoy a
                                   wonderful urban life within reach.


                                   During the Period under Review, on the opening day
                                   of the project, it set new records in Jinhua for the past
                                   year in terms of units sold on the opening day, area
                                   sold and sell-through rate, making it a hot seller in
                                   Jinhua.

                                   Shanghai • Changxing Jinmao Noble Manor Project
                                   sits on the ecological site of Changxing Island with
                                   water banks on three sides, and is naturally livable.
                                   With a plot ratio of approximately 1.2 and a green
                                   area ratio of 35%, it is a low-density and high-quality
                                   residential area rarely found in Shanghai. The project
                                   uses bungalows and courtyard products to build a pure
                                   residential area with comfortable building spacing,
                                   bringing more space per resident and safer social
                                   life. Changxing Jinmao Noble Manor is crafted with
                                   ingenuity in the creation of landscape, combining the
                                   needs of architecture, nature and residence to create a
                                   scenic garden with attractive, distinctive and functional
                                   features to make life warm. At the same time, it is
                                   planned to create a full-age activity area integrating
                                   social, sports, leisure and other functions to bring
                                   residents a richer and more healthy life experience.


                                   During the Period under Review, the project sold well
                                   upon the first launch, ranking first in Chongming area
                                   in terms of sales amount, number of units and area
                                   sold.
54   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Property Development




                                           Suzhou • Chunhewanxiang Yayuan Project is located
                                           in the core area of High-speed Railway New City in
                                           Xiangcheng District, Suzhou, and is developed along a
                                           north-south axis in general. On its east side is Suzhou
                                           Nanjing Normal University Experimental School while
                                           the west side is adjacent to Yuanhe Pond, the city
                                           water system. With its prime geographical location
                                           and good environment, the project has rich cultural
                                           heritage.


                                           During the Period under Review, the project launched
                                           for 5 times, ranking first in Xiangcheng District, Suzhou
                                           in terms of sales amount, number of units and area
                                           sold.

                                           S h a n g h a i F e n g s h e n g d a o Project is located in
                                           Songjiang New Town, one of the five key new towns
                                           in Shanghai, with high value recognition. The project
                                           aims to lead the new concept of urban living and
                                           create the warmest, the most interactive and exquisite
                                           community in the city. Situated in the commercial
                                           core area of Songjiang New Town, the project enjoys
                                           a superior location. It carries out value promotion
                                           around the international ecological business district
                                           and builds advantageous educational resources,
                                           targeting mainstream customers with accurate
                                           positioning by building products that meet the
                                           recognition of target customers.


                                           During the Period under Review, the project achieved
                                           great results in all four launches with an overall sell-
                                           through rate of over 90%, becoming the bestseller in
                                           Songjiang District.
                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022               55


Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Property Development




                                   Xi’an • High-tech Industrial Development Zone
                                   Jinmao Yueyuan Project is located in the core area
                                   of Phase II of High-tech Industrial Development Zone,
                                   and belongs to the Yuhuazhai area. Approximately 3
                                   km away from the core area of Phase I and II of High-
                                   tech Industrial Development Zone and approximately
                                   2.2 km away from the core area of Software New City,
                                   the project enjoys excellent location conditions. On
                                   the north side of the project, 3 km east of Yuhuazhai
                                   Street is the core axis of Phase II of High-tech
                                   Industrial Development Zone (Tangyan Road – Fenghui
                                   South Road), and to the west it is close to West 3rd
                                   Ring Road, Ring Expressway and other fast roads,
                                   accessible to every area of the city. Rail transportation
                                   is densely distributed in the surroundings, and the
                                   project is only 900 metres away from Yuhuazhai
                                   Station of Metro Line 3 which has already been put
                                   into operation. Moreover, it is located in the core area
                                   of traditional residence for high-tech industry, with
                                   mature supporting facilities within 3 km. With three
                                   centralised commercial centres, two 3A hospitals,
                                   more than 10 primary and secondary schools, there are
                                   well-developed commercial, medical and educational
                                   resources.

                                   During the Period under Review, the project continued
                                   to achieve hot sales in all four launches. Recognised
                                   by the market, the project has become a benchmark of
                                   high-end residence in High-tech Zone of Xi’an.

                                   C h e n g d u • Y u e h u J i n m a o R e s i d e n c e Project is
                                   located along Chengxi 3rd Ring and in the core lake
                                   area of Yuehu Science and Technology City, with
                                   comprehensive planning and supporting facilities. The
                                   project occupies a total site area of approximately
                                   64 mu, and consists of 15 lakeside pure residential
                                   buildings of low plot ratio of 1.8. The products of the
                                   project comprise a 1T2 house lineup of 8-storey and
                                   10-storey high and a semi-enclosed layout of 16-storey
                                   small high-rise buildings. Lakeside houses built by
                                   a powerful state-owned enterprise with ingenuity
                                   are presented to the elite of Chengxi. Leveraging
                                   lake view frontage resources, high-quality city-level
                                   facilities such as lake ecology, quality education and
                                   commercial street areas, the project also owns the
                                   quality of luxury residential properties in terms of
                                   planning and architectural design.

                                   During the Period under Review, the project got red-
                                   hot at its first launch. The overall quality of the project
                                   was recognised by the market with a first launch sell-
                                   through rate of over 80%, the best project for sales in
                                   Chengxi during the same period.
COMMERCIAL
  LEASING
 AND RETAIL
OPERATIONS
58   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      Business Review

     Commercial Leasing
     During the Period under Review, the leasing of various office projects of the Group performed well. The
     occupancy rate remained high generally with stable rental levels.


     Occupancy rate of major office buildings




                                                                                           Nanjing
                                            Beijing                                        Xuanwu
                                       Chemsunny                         Jin Mao      Lake Jinmao       Changsha
                                            World         Xicheng        Tower –    Plaza Phase I –    Meixi Lake
                                             Trade         Jinmao          office            office   International
                                            Centre        Centre*        portion            portion   R&D Centre

         2022                               100.0%         100.0%          90.9%             89.3%         100.0%
         2021                                97.7%         100.0%          94.4%             91.6%         100.0%

     *      The original Sinochem Tower was renamed as Xicheng Jinmao Centre on 23 March 2022 as approved by Xicheng
            Branch of Beijing Municipal Commission of Planning and Natural Resources.
                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022        59


Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Commercial Leasing




                                 Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre which is
                                 situated on Fuxingmen Nei Avenue within the financial
                                 district of Beijing, is adjacent to West Chang’an
                                 Avenue and opposite to Financial Street. It is the
                                 first premium office building in China being granted
                                 China Three-Star Green Label and USGBC’s LEED-EB
                                 platinum certification at the same time.




                                 Xicheng Jinmao Centre which is situated at the
                                 heart of Beijing on Fuxingmen Wai Avenue, Xicheng
                                 District, the prime location of the business circle of
                                 Financial Street which is less than 50 metres away from
                                 the subway station of the Beijing Subway Line One, is
                                 an office building supported by sophisticated office
                                 facilities and personalised services.




                                 Shanghai Jin Mao Tower which is situated at the
                                 Lujiazui Finance and Trade Zone of Pudong, Shanghai,
                                 is one of China’s landmark buildings. The 420.5-metre-
                                 high 88-storey tower represents a perfect combination
                                 of China’s traditional architectural techniques
                                 and the world’s state-of-the-art technology. Its
                                 superior landmark effects make the tower one of
                                 the first choices as place of business in Shanghai for
                                 prestigious domestic and foreign corporations.
60   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis                                 Business Review

     Retail Operations
                                           Shanghai J • LIFE is located in the core area of
                                           the Lujiazui CBD in Shanghai, which commenced
                                           operation in 2005. Being the first commercial and
                                           retail business centre in the Lujiazui region, the
                                           project adhered to the line of portfolio based on
                                           experience and quality of commercial and lifestyle
                                           services, striving to attempt and explore innovative
                                           businesses constantly, and anchored with a variety
                                           of famous brands engaging in catering, healthcare
                                           and nursing, sports and social networking, and
                                           international education services, providing unique
                                           and personalised lifestyle services for high-end
                                           business customers.

                                           During the Period under Review, the project had
                                           always adhered to strict prevention and control to
                                           ensure safety, while utilising innovation to empower
                                           by exploring various channels such as Douyin and
                                           Doudian, so as to actively help merchants restore
                                           business confidence. Tiding over difficulties with
                                           merchants and thinking out of the box, the project
                                           looked into alternative ways and worked with high-
                                           quality fast-moving brands to explore the joint
                                           operation model to help achieve the goal of rental
                                           income retrieval.




                                           Nanjing Jinmao Mall of Splendor is located in
                                           the Hunan Road business district in the main city
                                           region of Nanjing, adjacent to the Xuanwu Lake
                                           subway station in Nanjing, and occupies the best
                                           geographical location alongside the Xuanwu Lake.
                                           Since commencement of business at the end of
                                           September 2015, it has become one of the dynamic,
                                           trendy, energetic and quality shopping mall in the
                                           main city region of Nanjing.
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022         61


Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Retail Operations




                               During the Period under Review, Nanjing Jinmao
                               Mall of Splendor continued to raise the occupancy
                               rate in the adjustment process of dynamic tenant
                               recruitment, and replenished the business model
                               on certain floors according to the business needs.
                               Both the customer flow of the project and the
                               business fundamentals were effectively improved.
                               At the same time, on the basis of fully stocktaking
                               and exploring various on-site operating resources,
                               the project achieved the maximum utilisation of
                               resources, further enriching its business portfolio
                               and effectively improving the business atmosphere.




                               Changsha Jinmao Mall of Splendor is the first Mall
                               of Splendor under China Jinmao, which is located
                               in the core region of Meixi Lake, facing an excellent
                               view of Meixi Lake, with Meixi Lake International
                               Culture and Arts Centre to the east, and is
                               seamlessly connected with the Changsha Metro Line
                               No. 2. Since its opening, the project focused on
                               the customer groups of young families and young
                               people in Changsha, collected a variety of famous
                               domestic brands, and presented the innovative and
                               proprietary business forms of Jinmao. It became
                               a gathering place for pioneer experience-based,
                               leisure-based and social-based business lifestyles in
                               central China.

                               During the Period under Review, the operation
                               of Changsha Jinmao Mall of Splendor remained
                               stable and achieved remarkable results during its
                               6th anniversary celebration, with both sales amount
                               and single-day customer flow hitting record high.
                               The replacement and renewal for 65 brands were
                               completed in total, including various excellent
                               brands. At the same time, the project won the
                               honorary titles of “National-level Green Shopping
                               Mall” and “Changsha Nighttime Consumption
                               Model”.
62   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Retail Operations




                                           Qingdao Jinmao Harbour Shopping Mall is
                                           located at the harbour front of Jiaozhou, Qingdao,
                                           inside the Shinan District, and adjacent to the
                                           Qingdao harbour ferry terminal and cross harbour
                                           tunnel of Jiaozhou Bay. It is a commercial complex
                                           project nearest to the sea in Qingdao region. At
                                           present, the project is a gathering place for trendy
                                           liv in g a n d in t e g r a t e d w it h s h o ppin g, ca t e r ing ,
                                           entertainment and healthcare services to satisfy the
                                           demand for high quality, one-stop and family-based
                                           shopping mall from residents in the region. It is a
                                           heartwarming harbour built for family leisure living
                                           services for 100,000 permanent residents in the
                                           surrounding region.

                                           During the Period under Review, Qingdao Jinmao
                                           Harbour Shopping Mall continued to introduce
                                           its first stores and anchor brands, achieving a
                                           high occupancy rate at the end of the Year, and
                                           continued to improve the brand level, operating
                                           atmosphere and profitability of the project, resulting
                                           in a significant increase in project performance.
                                           At the same time, it actively coordinated internal
                                           and external marketing resources and expanded
                                           marketing channels, driving the steady growth of
                                           customer flow and sales amount of the project.
                                           During its anniversary celebration, customer flow
                                           and sales amount reached a new high since the
                                           opening of the project.




                                           Zhangjiagang Mall of Splendor is located next to
                                           the lake of Shazhou, Zhangjiagang with a total area
                                           of approximately 200,000 sq.m. Grandly opened on
                                           23 December 2022 and with the theme of “relaxing
                                           life at city centre”, the project is set to lead the
                                           upgrading of consumer life in Zhangjiagang,
                                           creating a cheer-up station, a social gathering place
                                           and an entertainment energy field for the locals, as
                                           well as a new landmark of quality business in the
                                           harbour city.
                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022          63


Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Retail Operations




                               During the Period under Review, the food and
                               beverage outlets of Zhangjiagang Mall of Splendor
                               had been performing brilliantly since its opening,
                               with customer flow far exceeding competitors
                               in the market. The project will continue to bring
                               new, interesting, trendy and comfortable shopping
                               experience to the people of the harbour city.




                               Qingdao Jinmao Mall of Splendor Project is
                               located in the Hi-Tech Industry Development Zone
                               along the north coast of Jiaozhou Bay in Qingdao,
                               which is the core zone of the north coast city area
                               of Qingdao. Being the commercial element of China
                               Jinmao’s city operations project Qingdao Jinmao
                               China-Europe International City, it is positioned as
                               the “life exploration centre of future city” with new
                               middle-class families as its core customer group. In
                               the future, the project will cooperate with businesses
                               along the China-Europe’s dynamic axis to jointly
                               create an ecological commercial centre integrating
                               ecological leisure and exploration experience,
                               gathering consumption, focusing on experience, and
                               emphasising on innovation. By implementing the
                               concept of city operations, the project is set to help
                               the region transform from a new city area on the
                               north coast of Qingdao into a main city area.

                               During the Period under Review, Qingdao Jinmao
                               Mall of Splendor was opened on 17 December 2022,
                               which effectively filled the commercial gap in the
                               High-Tech Zone. With all performance indicators
                               reaching the expected level, the project grasped
                               the positioning of life exploration centre of future
                               city and focused on new middle-class families in the
                               city, thus facilitating the overall construction of the
                               China-Europe’s dynamic axis.
  HOTEL
OPERATIONS
66   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                                                                                Business Review

     Hotel Operations
     General Overview
     During the Year, the tourism and hospitality industry continued to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and
     remained at a low level. The performance of the entire industry fell short of expectations. In the face of the
     challenging market environment, the hotel segment adopted various operating measures to ensure customer
     experience while actively optimising the personnel structure and improving per capita efficiency. By building
     asymmetric competitive advantages, the segment actively promoted sales and efficiently captured orders on
     hand. A number of hotels strictly controlled the room inventory, stabilising the average room rate under the
     volatile market environment. Adhering to its differentiated strategy, the segment analysed the customers to
     grasp the overall demand and the pricing power in the market, thereby generating product premium to maintain
     its leading position in the market. In particular, the resort hotels in Lijiang and Chongming developed their
     unique hotel products by means of their own IP, featured catering, theme activities and cross-border cooperation
     to create hotel themes and market labels.


     Average room rate, average occupancy rate and average revenue per available room (RMB) of each hotel
     for 2022


                                                                                                                                                                                     Meixi Lake
                                                  Hilton                                                                                                                                 Hotel,
                                                  Sanya          The Ritz-              The           JW                                       Renaissance                            A Luxury
                               Grand          Yalong Bay            Carlton          Westin      Marriott                          Hyatt              Beijing         Lijiang        Collection                      Guangzhou
                                Hyatt           Resort &             Sanya           Beijing       Hotel     Westin              Regency           Wangfujing        Jinmao              Hotel,   Xi’an Jinmao    Marriott Hotel
                             Shanghai               Spa        Yalong Bay          Chaoyang     Shenzhen     Nanjing           Chongming                Hotel          Hotel          Changsha          Hotel           Nansha

      Average room rate           977              1,315              2,233           1,149          818         634                 921                  819             1,131            744            307               630
      Average
       occupancy rate           33.2%              47.1%             47.6%            30.0%        57.8%      60.8%                58.5%                52.8%          44.1%             54.4%          31.3%             22.8%
      Average revenue
       per available room         324                619              1,063             345          473         385                 539                  432              499             405             96               144


     Average room rate, average occupancy rate and average revenue per available room (RMB) of each hotel
     for 2021


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Meixi Lake
                                                           Hilton                                                                                                                                                      Hotel,
                                                           Sanya                The Ritz-              The               JW                                                       Renaissance                      A Luxury
                                  Grand            Yalong Bay                    Carlton          Westin        Marriott                                          Hyatt                Beijing     Lijiang       Collection
                                   Hyatt              Resort &                     Sanya          Beijing              Hotel          Westin                    Regency           Wangfujing      Jinmao               Hotel,
                              Shanghai                       Spa              Yalong Bay       Chaoyang       Shenzhen               Nanjing             Chongming                      Hotel       Hotel         Changsha

      Average room rate             1,131                   1,237                  2,338               924               916                 696                    802                     928      1,033                 810
      Average
        occupancy rate             68.9%                   71.3%                   60.0%            50.2%              73.1%               66.7%                  77.4%                 62.6%       44.2%              58.7%
      Average revenue
        per available room              779                  882                   1,403               464               670                 464                    621                     581        457                 475
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022           67


           Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Hotel Operations




Information of Projects




Grand Hyatt Shanghai Situated on 53rd to 87th floors         Hyatt Regency Chongming Located in the east of
of Jin Mao Tower, a renowned landmark building in            Chongming Island, the third largest island in the PRC,
Shanghai, Grand Hyatt Shanghai was opened in 1999.           Hyatt Regency Chongming was opened in 2014. The hotel
The hotel was named in the Guinness World Record             is connected to the Pudong district in Shanghai by Chang
2000 as the highest hotel in the world. Since its opening,   Jiang tunnel-bridge and is located near Dongtan Wetland
leveraging its unique landmark location and high quality     Park, which is also a migratory bird reserve. It received
services, Grand Hyatt Shanghai has won over 100 hotel        the Grand Award for Best International Commercial and
awards in China and from all over the world.                 Special Use Project at the 51st Annual Gold Nugget
                                                             Awards applying an ecological design concept on
                                                             commercial land.




Hilton Sanya Yalong Bay Resort & Spa, which is               The Ritz-Carlton Sanya, Yalong Bay Situated at the
situated at the enchanting Yalong Bay, Hainan, was           enchanting Yalong Bay in Sanya, the magnificent The
opened in 2006. The hotel is designed and built with         Ritz-Carlton Sanya, Yalong Bay boasts the majestic views
unique features and services to provide an “unparalleled     of South China Sea, miles-long beaches and pristine
resort experience”, a basic concept embodying strong         natural beauty. Since its opening in 2008, the hotel has
southern China’s characteristics.                            been well received by affluent global travellers and
                                                             gained recognition from the tourism industry, and has
                                                             received many awards worldwide.
68   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Hotel Operations




     Information of Projects




     The Westin Beijing Chaoyang is a 34-storey luxury hotel      Renaissance Beijing Wangfujing Hotel is situated at
     located in the Yansha Business Circle, Chaoyang District     Wangfujing Avenue and adjacent to Tian’anmen Square
     nearby Sanlitun, the central business district (“CBD”) of    and Palace Museum. Its predecessor is Wangfujing
     Beijing and home to embassies, corporate headquarters        Grand Hotel opened in 1995. The hotel adopts a unique
     and retail shopping malls. Since its opening in 2008, the    dual-wing architecture design with an endless stream
     hotel has served numerous foreign heads of state sports      of spectacular palaces from the Ancient Wall of the
     stars and business elites, highlighting the high-end brand   Imperial City and The Forbidden City to the west and
     image of the hotel.                                          the modernised international metropolitan clusters in the
                                                                  CBD of Wangfujing to the east, blending the modern and
                                                                  classic into one.




     JW Marriott Hotel Shenzhen, which is located in Futian       Westin Nanjing, which is located on 23rd to 35th floors
     District, Shenzhen and in close proximity to the Shenzhen    of the South Tower in Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao Plaza,
     Golf Club, was opened in 2009. Its modern tropical           was opened in 2011. The hotel has 234 guest rooms each
     design concept blends into the architectural style of the    overlooking a panoramic view of Xuanwu Lake and Purple
     hotel and the local seasonal characteristics, making the     Mountain.
     hotel one of Shenzhen’s landmark superior deluxe five-
     star business hotels.
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022            69


           Management Discussion and Analysis Business Review Hotel Operations




Information of Projects




Lijiang Jinmao Hotel • The Unbound Collection by             Meixi Lake Hotel, A Luxury Collection Hotel,
Hyatt, which was opened in 2014, is situated inside          Changsha Officially opened in 2016, Meixi Lake Hotel,
Jinmao Richmond Town at the northern end of Shangri-         A Luxury Collection Hotel, Changsha is located at the
La Avenue, is adjacent to the Old Town of Su River and       prime location in the State-level Xiangjiang New District
connects to J • Life’s exquisite commercial portion and      adjacent to Meixi Lake International Cultural & Art Centre.
premium quality villas.                                      Taking the design of “Exploring the peach garden” and
                                                             blending the cultural essence of Hu and Xiang, the hotel
Jinmao Purelax Mountain Hotel, Lijiang, which was            leads travellers from all over the world to embark on the
opened in September 2015, is situated in Ganhaizi, Jade      journey of exploring the peach garden.
Dragon Snow Mountain. The hotel perfectly integrates
the elements of Naxi culture and modern comfort,
creating an impeccable space for clients to admire the
magnificent snow mountain view from their rooms.




Xi’an Jinmao Hotel is located in the most prime and          Guangzhou Marriott Hotel Nansha Situated at the
prosperous area of Xi’an, the historic and ancient capital   “heart of the Greater Bay Area”, Guangzhou Marriott
for 13 dynasties, and is within walking distance from        Hotel Nansha is located next to Pearl Lake of Nansha,
Zhonggulou, Huimin Street and the city wall built in the     close to Shenzhen, Hong Kong and Macau and easily
Ming Dynasty. The combination of European industrial         accessible to the core business districts of various cities.
style with strong sense of design and Xi’an’s profound       Opened in August 2022, the hotel has 260 modern
historical and cultural heritage allows each tourist to      rooms with comfortable, stylish and functional features,
travel between ancient and modern, Eastern and Western       overlooking the beautiful scenery of Jiaomen River.
cultures, and to have a fine taste of their respective
history and culture.
                  TECHNOLOGY
                  AND SERVICES

Technology
In 2022, Jinmao Green Building actively responded to the national green development goal
of “carbon neutrality” and the major development strategy of “new infrastructure” in the
smart energy segment, and laid out comprehensive energy service business, photovoltaic
and zero-carbon construction business, green big data centre business, and new energy
vehicle charging business, providing green, intelligent, safe and reliable integrated solutions
for investment, construction and operation, with significant economic and environmental
benefits. At the same time, relying on research and development as well as innovation, it
continued to improve the overall solution of building technology from outdoor to indoor
and from energy to terminal, forming its own unique product and technology advantages,
continuously consolidating the service capabilities of the whole process of scientific and
technological human habitat system, vibration and noise reduction, and forming a one-stop
service model from design consulting to operation management. Based on big data, artificial
intelligence, Internet of Things (IoT) and other technologies, Jinmao Cloud used intelligent
and precise products and platform tools as means to start business with digital marketing and
smart IoT, and continuously explored and gave play to digital value. Focusing on the entire
marketing business chain, it could provide solutions for seven major digital marketing systems
and 13 sub-divided digital products. The smart IoT business covered smart home, smart
community, smart parks and other indoor and outdoor multi-scenario smart IoT services,
and was capable to deliver integrated solutions and software and hardware at the front and
back ends. Adhering to the values of customer first, openness and innovation, perseverance
and pragmatism, and pursuit of excellence, and through innovation-driven, ecological
construction, data exploration and full-cycle operation, we continuously explored the value of
digital services, realising the vision of “digital creation for a better life”.




Services
In 2022, Jinmao Services was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in March. As a fast-
growing high-end property management and city operations service provider in China,
Jinmao Services managed a diversified property portfolio covering residential properties
and non-residential services. Relying on its leading brand reputation, extensive resource
advantages, rich service experience and comprehensive technical capabilities, Jinmao Services
continued to provide different types of customers with valuable property management
services of consistent quality, value-added services to non-property owners and community
value-added services. Relying on the investment layout of the city operations industry chain,
JM Capital followed through the mission of capital reshaping the value of cities, continued
to consolidate the core competitiveness of financing, created diversified financing channels
and gave full play to the role of financial empowerment. At the same time, it explored the
blue ocean of urban renewal business and carried out investment layout around China
Jinmao’s city operations industry chain to empower China Jinmao’s innovation, upgrade and
industry landing in an effort to actively expand financing channels, and capture projects in
the fields of dual carbon technology + smart city + smart medical care, expanding investment
scale. Jinmao Decoration continued to adhere to the “market-oriented, professionalised,
standardised and refined” guiding ideology. “Focusing on the main business and innovative
development”, it strengthened external market expansion and accumulated high-quality
new customers. Jinmao Decoration was awarded the title of “Top 100 Enterprises in China’s
Building Decoration Industry” for eight consecutive years. The Universal Studios Beijing and
Tongzhou New Everbright projects undertaken by Jinmao Decoration both won the “China
Construction Engineering Decoration Award”, enhancing the brand influence continuously.
72   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       Financial Review




     REVIEW ON OVERALL RESULTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022, profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB1,984.1
     million, representing a decrease of 58% compared with RMB4,689.9 million in last year. Profit attributable to
     owners of the parent less fair value gains on investment properties (net of deferred tax) amounted to RMB910.1
     million, representing a decrease of 81% compared with RMB4,826.7 million in last year.


     The decrease in the above operating results was mainly due to the provision for impairment of properties under
     development and properties held for sale as the selling price of the projects of the Group and some of its
     associates and joint ventures fell beyond expectation during the year ended 31 December 2022.


     Basic earnings per share, gross profit margin (by business segment) and net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio
     are selected by the Group as the indicators of assessment on the profitability and solvency of the Group. The
     analysis of these indicators can comprehensively summarise and evaluate the financial conditions and operating
     achievements of the Group, and effectively evaluate the management’s governance level and whether the goal
     of maximising shareholders’ interests is achieved.


     REVENUE
     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the revenue of the Group was RMB82,991.4 million, representing a
     decrease of 8% compared with RMB90,059.9 million in last year.


     Revenue by business segments
                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                 2022                              2021
                                                          Percentage                      Percentage
                                                          of the total                    of the total   Year-on-year
                                      RMB million         revenue (%)    RMB million      revenue (%)     change (%)
      City operations and
        property development             74,708.3                  90       82,641.6               91             -10
      Commercial leasing and
        retail operations                 1,468.0                   2        1,563.3                2              -6
      Hotel operations                    1,143.9                   1        1,638.1                2             -30
      Others                              5,671.2                   7        4,216.9                5             34
      Total                              82,991.4                 100       90,059.9              100              -8


     In 2022, revenue from city operations and property development of the Group decreased by 10% over that of
     last year to approximately RMB74,708.3 million and accounted for 90% of the total revenue, which was mainly
     attributable to the decrease in sales properties delivered and settled as compared with that of last year.
     Revenue from commercial leasing and retail operations decreased by 6% as compared with that of last year and
     accounted for 2% of the total revenue, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in rental income due to the
     pandemic. Revenue from hotel operations decreased by 30% from last year and accounted for 1% of the total
     revenue, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in occupancy rate and room rate due to the impact of the
     pandemic. Revenue from others (primarily including the property-related revenues arising from the observation
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022          73


                                      Management Discussion and Analysis Financial Review




deck on the 88th floor of Jin Mao Tower, property management, green buildings technology and building
decoration) accounted for 7% of the total revenue, representing an increase of 34% over that of last year, which
was mainly due to the increase in revenue from building decoration, property management, green buildings
technology.


COST OF SALES AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN
Cost of sales of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 was approximately RMB69,845.8 million (2021:
RMB73,302.3 million). The overall gross profit margin of the Group in 2022 was 16%, which decreased by 3
percentage points as compared with 19% of last year, mainly attributable to the decrease in the gross profit
margin from the city operations and property development segment and the hotel operations segment.


Gross profit margin by business segments
                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                             31 December

                                                                                             2022               2021
                                                                                     Gross profit        Gross profit
                                                                                       margin (%)         margin (%)
 Overall                                                                                        16                  19
 City operations and property development                                                       13                  16
 Commercial leasing and retail operations                                                       84                  84
 Hotel operations                                                                               30                  45
 Others                                                                                         27                  37


OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
Other income and gains of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately
RMB11,690.6 million, representing an increase of 66% from RMB7,028.3 million in last year, which was mainly due
to the increase in the Group’s bargain purchase gain, the fair value gains on the investment properties, the fair
value gains on financial assets held for trading, etc. Details are set out in note 5 to the financial statements.


SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES
Selling and marketing expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 increased by 10% to
RMB2,616.7 million from RMB2,378.4 million in last year, mainly due to the increase in the amount of amortisation
of sales commissions capitalised as contract costs during the Year. Selling and marketing expenses comprise
primarily the advertising expenses, commissions paid to relevant sales agencies and other expenses in relation
to market promotion incurred in the Group’s daily operations. Selling and marketing expenses accounted for 3%
(2021: 3%) of the Group’s total revenue.
74   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Financial Review




     ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
     Administrative expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to RMB4,294.5 million,
     representing a decrease of 8% from RMB4,675.4 million in last year, mainly attributable to the exchange loss of
     RMB259.5 million in 2021 which was included in administrative expenses, and the decrease in employee expenses
     and general office expenses as compared with 2021 as the Group exercised lean management and strictly
     controlled administrative expenses in 2022 through cessation and merger of city companies and employee
     downsizing. Administrative expenses mainly comprise staff costs, consulting fees, entertainment expenses,
     general office expenses and depreciation expenses. Administrative expenses accounted for 5% (2021: 5%) of the
     Group’s total revenue.


     OTHER EXPENSES AND LOSSES, NET
     Other expenses and losses, net of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to RMB5,954.1
     million, representing an increase of 112% from RMB2,806.6 million in last year, mainly attributable to the increase
     in the amount of the provision for impairment of properties under development, properties held for sale and due
     from related parties of the Group as compared with last year.


     On 31 December 2022, the Group reviewed the market conditions of the properties under development and
     properties held for sale of the Group and its associates and joint ventures as of that date. The Group estimated
     the net realisable value of properties under development and properties held for sale by mainly taking into
     account the latest selling prices and prevailing market conditions, estimated development costs to be incurred
     by the time of completion and necessary selling expenses and related taxes estimated to be incurred in the
     process of sales. Provision for impairment is made for properties under development and properties held for
     sale whose net realisable value is lower than the cost. In 2022, the Group recognised a total of RMB4.36 billion in
     impairment losses on properties under development and properties held for sale, and a total of RMB1.59 billion
     in impairment losses on receivables from related parties. Details are set out in notes 7 and 28 to the financial
     statements.


     FINANCE COSTS
     Total interest expense of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB6,534.6 million, representing
     an increase of 15% from RMB5,702.2 million in last year, mainly attributable to the increase in average loans
     amount during the Year. Among them, the interest expense capitalised amounted to RMB3,823.5 million,
     representing an increase of 31% from RMB2,914.5 million in last year; finance costs of the Group amounted to
     RMB2,711.1 million, representing a decrease of 3% from RMB2,787.7 million in last year.


     INCOME TAX EXPENSE
     The Group had an income tax expense of RMB4,536.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing
     a decrease of 9% from RMB5,009.4 million in last year, primarily attributable to the decrease in PRC corporate
     income tax due to the decrease of profit before tax for the Year, and the decrease in PRC land appreciation tax.
     The Group’s effective income tax rate for 2022 was 46% (2021: 39%), which increased as compared with last year.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022           75


                                      Management Discussion and Analysis Financial Review




PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
For the year ended 31 December 2022, profit for the Year of the Company amounted to RMB5,220.9 million,
representing a decrease of 32% compared with RMB7,704.8 million in last year, mainly due to the provision for
impairment of the city operations and property development segment in 2022. For the year ended 31 December
2022, profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB1,984.1 million, representing a decrease of
58% compared with RMB4,689.9 million in last year, and profit attributable to owners of the parent excluding fair
value gains/losses on investment properties (net of deferred tax) was RMB910.1 million, representing a decrease
of 81% compared with RMB4,826.7 million in last year.


Basic earnings per share for the Year were RMB15.56 cents, representing a decrease of 58% compared with
RMB36.95 cents in last year. The decrease in basic earnings per share was primarily attributable to the decrease
in the profit attributable to owners of the parent for the Year. Basic earnings per share excluding fair value gains/
losses on investment properties, net of deferred tax, were RMB7.14 cents (2021: RMB38.03 cents).


Comparison of profit attributable to owners of the parent before and after fair value gains/
losses on investment properties, net of deferred tax
                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                         31 December                  Year-on-year
                                                                         2022                 2021          change
                                                                (RMB million)        (RMB million)              (%)

 Profit attributable to owners of the parent                          1,984.1               4,689.9             -58
 Less: fair value gains/losses on investment properties
   (net of deferred tax)                                              1,074.0                -136.8            886
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent excluding
   fair value gains/losses on investment properties (net
   of deferred tax)                                                     910.1               4,826.7             -81
 Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                   15.56                 36.95             -58
 Basic earnings per share excluding fair value gains/
   losses on investment properties (net of deferred tax)
   (RMB cents)                                                            7.14                38.03             -81


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
As at 31 December 2022, investment properties mainly comprised the Central and West Towers and some floors
of the East Tower of Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre, offices and retail operations of Jin Mao Tower (for
lease), office portion of Xicheng Jinmao Centre, office portion 16# of Shanghai International Shipping Service
Center, office portion of Nanjing Xuanwu Lake Jinmao Plaza and Nanjing Jinmao Mall of Splendor, Qingdao
Jinmao Harbour Shopping Mall, Changsha Jinmao Mall of Splendor, Zhangjiagang Mall of Splendor, Qingdao
Jinmao Mall of Splendor, Tianjin Jinmao Place, etc. Investment properties increased from RMB31,564.5 million
as at 31 December 2021 to RMB37,088.7 million as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to additions to
investment properties and valuation gains on investment properties. Details are set out in note 18 to the financial
statements.
76   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Financial Review




     PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
     As at 31 December 2022, the current portion of properties under development comprised property development
     costs incurred by properties under development which have been pre-sold or are intended for sale and
     expected to be completed within one year from the end of the Reporting Period, whereas the non-current
     portion of properties under development comprised property development costs incurred by properties under
     development which have not yet been pre-sold and are expected to be completed after one year from the end
     of the Reporting Period.


     As at 31 December 2022, properties under development (current and non-current) amounted to approximately
     RMB145,044.5 million, which was basically the same as RMB144,824.2 million as at 31 December 2021.


     INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
     The investments in joint ventures increased from RMB22,187.1 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB25,883.7
     million as at 31 December 2022, mainly attributable to the increase in equity investments in Ningbo Greentown
     Jinmao Chunlan Jingyuan Project, Shanghai Pudong Hengmian Project, etc. during the Period under Review.


     INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
     The investments in associates increased from RMB20,335.6 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB22,770.2
     million as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the increase in equity investment in Chongqing Beidao Project,
     Beijing Wangjingyue Project, etc. during the Period under Review.


     PROPERTIES HELD FOR SALE
     The properties held for sale decreased from RMB27,477.6 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB23,193.7 million
     as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the transfer as a result of the delivery of Suzhou Science and Technology
     City Jinmao Palace Project, Tianjin Shangdong Jinmao Palace Project, Shenzhen Longhua Jinmao Palace Project,
     etc., which were partially offset by some buildings of Wuxi Chengjiang Jinmao Palace Project and Guangzhou
     Lingshan Island Jinmao Harbour Project that were completed but yet to be delivered in 2022.


     LAND UNDER DEVELOPMENT
     Land under development mainly included the land costs incurred by Nanjing Qinglong Mountain International
     Ecological New City Project and Langfang Longhe New City Project.


     The land under development (current and non-current) increased from RMB14,920.0 million as at 31 December
     2021 to RMB23,049.3 million as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the privatisation of China VAST
     Industrial Urban Development Company Limited (“China VAST”) by the Company as the offeror and the inclusion
     of its Langfang Longhe New City Project into the consolidated financial statements.


     TRADE RECEIVABLES
     As at 31 December 2022, trade receivables (current and non-current) amounted to RMB4,643.2 million,
     representing an increase of 123% compared with RMB2,082.0 million as at 31 December 2021, which was mainly
     due to the privatisation of China VAST by the Company as the offeror and the inclusion of China VAST and its
     subordinated companies into the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          77


                                      Management Discussion and Analysis Financial Review




OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
As at 31 December 2022, other financial assets (current and non-current) amounted to approximately RMB6,051.1
million, representing an increase of 291% compared with approximately RMB1,549.4 million as at 31 December
2021, which was mainly due to the recognition of the investment in Changsha Meixi Lake Primary Development
Project Phase II as other financial assets. Details are set out in note 29 to the financial statements.

GOODWILL
As at 31 December 2022, goodwill of approximately RMB249.1 million (31 December 2021: nil) arose from the
acquisition of equity interests in Beijing Capital Services by Jinmao Services (stock code: 00816).

TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
As at 31 December 2022, trade and bills payables were RMB30,833.1 million, representing an increase of 6%
compared with RMB28,951.6 million as at 31 December 2021, which was mainly due to the privatisation of China
VAST by the Company as the offeror and the inclusion of China VAST and its subordinated companies into the
consolidated financial statements.

INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
As at 31 December 2022, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (current and non-current) were
RMB122,665.1 million, representing an increase of 15% compared with RMB107,028.1 million as at 31 December
2021. The increase in interest-bearing bank and other borrowings was mainly due to the increase in the Group’s
interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings to redeem perpetual capital instruments, and the increase
in foreign currency interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings when translated into RMB as a result of
exchange rate changes during the Year.

GEARING RATIO
The Group monitors its capital on the basis of the net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio. This ratio is calculated as
net debt divided by adjusted capital. Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
less other financial assets (financial products), restricted bank balances and cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted
capital comprises all components of equity and the Company’s amounts due to the immediate holding company.
The Group aims to maintain the net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio at a reasonable level. The net debt-to-adjusted
capital ratios as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                    2022                  2021
                                                                             (RMB million)         (RMB million)

 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (current and non-
   current)                                                                     122,665.1              107,028.1
 Less: cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank balances and
   certain other financial assets                                                (44,703.5)            (39,744.5)
 Net debt                                                                        77,961.6               67,283.6
 Total equity                                                                   112,686.7              106,793.6
 Add: the Company’s amounts due to the immediate holding
   company                                                                         9,738.3               8,929.3
 Adjusted capital                                                               112,425.0              115,722.9
 Net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio                                                  64%                    58%
78   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Financial Review




     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
     The Group’s cash is primarily used to pay for capital expenditure, construction costs, land costs (principally the
     payment of land grant fees and relocation costs), infrastructure costs, consulting fees of architects and designers
     and finance costs, the Group’s indebtedness, amounts due to and loans from related parties, and fund working
     capital and normal recurring expenses. The Group has financed the liquidity requirements primarily through
     internal resources, bank and other borrowings, issue of senior notes and medium-term notes, issue of perpetual
     capital securities, issue of domestic corporate bonds and issue of new shares.


     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB37,089.2 million, mainly denominated
     in RMB, HK dollar and US dollar (as at 31 December 2021: RMB31,050.6 million).


     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of RMB122,665.1
     million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB107,028.1 million). An analysis of the interest-bearing bank and other
     borrowings of the Group is set out as follows:


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2022                    2021
                                                                                  (RMB million)          (RMB million)

      By term:
        Within one year                                                                26,547.3                 25,081.2
        In the second year                                                             40,087.7                 18,778.9
        In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                         38,895.5                 41,376.9
        Beyond five years                                                              17,134.6                 21,791.1
      Total                                                                           122,665.1                107,028.1


     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately RMB26,547.3 million were repayable within one
     year and shown under current liabilities. All of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in RMB, HK dollar
     and US dollars. As at 31 December 2022, save as interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately
     RMB52,241.5 million that bore interest at fixed rates, other interest-bearing bank and other borrowings bore
     interest at floating rates. There is no material seasonal effect on the Group’s borrowing requirements.


     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had banking facilities of RMB189,785.4 million denominated in RMB, HK
     dollar and US dollars. The amount of banking facilities utilised was RMB89,564.7 million.


     The Group’s net cash inflow of RMB5,988.2 million up to 31 December 2022 consisted of:


     A net cash inflow of RMB1,780.4 million from operating activities, which was mainly attributable to the proceeds
     derived from the sales of properties, property rental and revenue from hotel operations etc. by the Group,
     partially offset by the payment of land and construction costs, selling and marketing expenses, administrative
     expenses and tax expenses etc.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          79


                                     Management Discussion and Analysis Financial Review




A net cash inflow of RMB3,855.5 million from investing activities, which was mainly attributable to the recovery of
loans to joint ventures and associates by the Group and the decrease in restricted bank balance, partially offset
by the acquisition of subsidiaries, investments in joint ventures and associates, and loans to non-controlling
shareholders.

A net cash inflow of RMB352.2 million from financing activities, which was mainly attributable to new bank and
other borrowings by the Company, capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders, etc., partially offset by
repayment of bank and other borrowings, payment of interest, redemption of perpetual capital instruments etc.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings were secured by the Group’s
property, plant and equipment of RMB5,168.0 million, properties under development of RMB70,679.2 million,
properties held for sale of RMB488.5 million, investment properties of RMB12,999.9 million, right-of-use assets of
RMB666.3 million, trade receivables of RMB688.7 million, investments in joint ventures of RMB165.6 million and
restricted bank balances of RMB100.0 million.

FINANCIAL GUARANTEES
As at 31 December 2022, the Group provided guarantees in respect of mortgage facilities for certain purchasers
of the Group’s properties amounting to approximately RMB19,656.8 million (2021: RMB38,661.2 million).

In addition, as at 31 December 2022, the Group provided guarantees to certain joint ventures and associates
of the Group for their borrowings in the amount of RMB2,352.3 million (2021: Nil) and RMB836.6 million (2021:
RMB125.8 million), respectively.

The Group assessed that the fair value of the financial guarantees at initial recognition and the expected credit
loss allowance during the Year were insignificant.

MARKET RISK
The Group’s assets are predominantly in the form of land use rights, land under development, properties under
development, properties held for sale and investment properties. In the event of a severe downturn in the
property market in Mainland China, these assets may not be readily realised. In 2022, as impacted by factors
beyond expectation such as pandemic resurgence and debt default, homebuyers’ income expectations and
willingness to buy homes have weakened, and homebuyers tend to hold the money with a stronger wait-and-
see sentiment. Despite the successive relaxation of heavy restrictions by many regulatory authorities to stabilise
market expectations, it will take time for such policies to be absorbed by the market, and the selling price of
residential properties continues to face downward pressure.

INTEREST RATE RISK
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates. The Group’s exposure to
the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long-term debt obligations. Increase
in interest rates will increase the interest expenses relating to the Group’s outstanding floating rate borrowings
and increase the cost of new debts. Fluctuations in interest rates may also lead to significant fluctuations in the
fair value of the Group’s debt obligations. Starting from December 2018, the Group has engaged in hedging
to manage its interest rate risk, which is expected to eliminate some of the impacts arising from interest rate
fluctuations on the Group.
80   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Management Discussion and Analysis Financial Review




     FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE RISK
     Substantially all of the Group’s revenue and costs are denominated in RMB. Since 2016, the Group has changed
     to report its financial results in RMB. As the Group still has borrowings denominated in US dollars and HK dollars,
     the Group is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Starting from March 2017, the Group
     has engaged in hedging to manage its currency risk, which is expected to eliminate some of the impacts arising
     from exchange rate fluctuations on the Group. Taking into account the transaction amount under hedging
     activities and the unpredictability of market exchange rate fluctuations, the Group cannot assure that these
     hedging activities will protect the Group from fluctuations in exchange rates in the future.


     NETWORK RISKS AND SECURITY
     As computer system and the Internet play a key role in our operations, the Group has designated professionals
     to monitor and assess the potential network risks. Hardware and software are subject to tracking according to
     appropriate policies of the Company. Potential network risks and network security are major issues that draw the
     management’s attention. Accordingly, the Group has put in place policies and procedures to regulate the use
     of the Internet, physical maintenance of system power supply and regular update of the Internet security system
     and firewall, in order to isolate the Company’s intranet from outside networks. Designated professionals are
     responsible for daily monitoring of any unusual network activities.


     DATA FRAUD AND THEFT RISKS
     The Group continues to review and update the internal control system on data and information access. The
     Group has adopted appropriate policies to protect its data. Only authorised persons are allowed to login. The
     management considers that the existing policies and procedures are effectively implemented to avoid data fraud
     and theft risks.


     ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISKS
     Due to the nature of business, in the event of serious and permanent climate change in China, the Company will
     face moderate environmental risks. The risks may have adverse effects on property construction and operations
     and affect the Company’s market operations and the turnover of property sales.


     In addition, the impact of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has not been fully mitigated in 2022, which
     has produced an adverse impact on China’s economy, including the real estate sector, in 2022. Given the
     unpredictability of development of the pandemic, there is no assurance that the Group’s hotel operations
     and the commercial leasing and retail operations will not be negatively affected. The Group has actively taken
     measures to control the relevant costs of the aforesaid businesses, pay attention to cash flow management,
     integrate existing resources and actively adjust business plans to make full preparation for business recovery.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022   81



                                                                    Investor Relations


INVESTOR RELATIONS ACTIVITIES
FOR 2022

January                                             August
Participated in the investor meeting held           Announced the interim results for 2022
  by Credit Suisse                                  – Held analyst meeting
                                                    Carried out non-deal related roadshow online
March
Announced the annual results for 2021               September
– Held analyst meeting                              Participated in the investor meeting held
Carried out non-deal related roadshow online          by Industrial Securities
                                                    Participated in the investor meeting held
April                                                 by Minsheng Securities
Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Industrial Securities                          October
Participated in the investor meeting held           Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Everbright Securities                            by CICC
Participated in the Suzhou strategic meeting held   Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Daiwa Capital                                    by Kaiyuan Securities
Participated in the investor meeting held           Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Essence International                            by Citibank


June                                                November
Participated in the investor meeting held           Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Credit Suisse                                    by Credit Suisse
Participated in the investor meeting held           Participated in the investor meeting held
  by Haitong International                            by Goldman Sachs
Participated in the strategic meeting held          Participated in the strategic meeting held
  by Industrial Securities                            by Industrial Securities
Participated in the investor meeting held           Participated in the strategic meeting held
  by Citibank                                         by CICC
Participated in the strategic meeting held
  by CSC Financial                                  December
Participated in the strategic meeting held          Participated in the strategic meeting held
  by Huaan Securities                                 by Everbright Securities
                                                    Participated in the strategic meeting held
                                                      by CSC Financial
                                                    Participated in the strategic meeting held
                                                      by Haitong Securities
82   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Investor Relations




     COMMUNICATION WITH                                         •   Annual general meeting – the directors and other
     SHAREHOLDERS                                                   senior management of the Company are present at
                                                                    the meeting, answering shareholders’ inquiries and
     The Company considers that high-efficiency                     exchanging opinions with them;
     communication is a key factor for establishing sound
     interaction with its shareholders successfully. The        •   The Company’s interim and annual results
     Company has adopted the shareholder communication              announcement conferences – the Company
     policy with the purpose of providing its existing              announces its interim and annual results and
     and potential investors with accurate and timely               responds to the inquiries from investors and the
     information, and maintaining its communication                 media;
     with investors by various means, thereby enhancing
     the transparency of its information disclosure.            •   Voluntary disclosure of the Company’s information
     The Company attaches great importance to the                   – the Company, through different means, including
     communications with shareholders and public                    investor meetings, telephone interviews, press
     investors to ensure them to have a good channel for            releases and media interviews etc., announces
     voicing their opinions and advice on the Company’s             major issues of the Company to the market in
     performance. At the same time, the Company may also            a timely and compliant manner pursuant the
     explain the operation of projects and its development          Listing Rules and the relevant requirement of the
     strategies.                                                    “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information”,
                                                                    and responds to the inquiries from investors and
     The Company has constantly maintained a sound                  analysts in a timely manner;
     two-way communication with its shareholders, and
     provides information to shareholders mainly through        •   Periodic meetings with institutional investors
     the following channels:                                        and securities analysts on a voluntary basis –
                                                                    the Company provides information on its latest
     •   The Company’s annual report, interim report and            business development to attract more attention
         circulars – they are distributed to shareholders and       from the market. The management of the Company
         investors, as well as analysts who are interested in       regularly participates in global non-deal related
         the Company’s performance pursuant to the Rules            roadshow activities held after the publication of
         Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong            annual reports and interim reports to respond
         Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”);                 to queries related to its corporate development
                                                                    strategies and market outlook. These measures
                                                                    provide overseas shareholders with an opportunity
                                                                    to discuss with the management of the Company;
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        83


                                                                                           Investor Relations




•   Organising site visits – based on the development       FEEDBACK FROM INVESTORS
    progress of its projects, the Company organises
    on-site visits for investors and analysts to directly   The Company considers investors’ feedback highly

    visit various projects of the Company as and when       important. During the Year, the Company conducted

    necessary, and enables them to communicate              several summaries and analyses on opinions from

    with the management, so as to enhance investors’        investors and analysts to have an understanding of

    understanding of the Company’s development.             the effectiveness of its investor relations function in
                                                            a timely manner. The Company will further improve

In 2022, the Company’s management participated              the quality of communication based on the investors’

in various investor meetings held online, to broaden        feedback to facilitate better communication with

its communication with international, Hong Kong             investors and analysts in future.

and Mainland China investors. During the Year, the
Company received over 100 investors and arranged            PROSPECTS OF OUR INVESTOR
over 100 investors to visit its projects in different       RELATIONS WORK
places.                                                     The Company will continue to progressively strengthen
                                                            its efforts on investor relations to facilitate better
The Company has reviewed the shareholder                    communication with public investors and analysts. The
communication policy and believes that the Company          Company is committed to ensuring the full compliance
has provided investors with multiple channels for           with the disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules
investors to understand the Group’s business and            and other applicable laws and regulations. In terms of
operations, as well as channels for investors to express    compliance, we will continue to deliver the Company’s
their opinions and comments. The Company has also           latest information to the investors all over the world
actively responded to the feedback from investors.          and enhance the Group’s corporate governance
Based on the above, the Company believes that the           standards and transparency in order to gain more trust
shareholder communication policy implemented                and support from investors.
during the Year was sufficient and effective.
 SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT
86   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Sustainable Development



     CHINA JINMAO
                SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
                Adhering to the mission of “Unleashing Future Vitality of the City”, the
                Company is committed to leading the city’s high-quality sustainable
                development based on its strategy of “two-wheel and two-wing driven”
                anchoring on leading quality, and exploring infinite possibilities to meet
                the people’s desire for a better life.



     SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT
     Attaching great importance to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”), China Jinmao is committed to
     continuously improving the level and performance of ESG governance, and achieving the comprehensive and in-
     depth integration of the concept of sustainable development with corporate development strategy and business
     decision-making based on a scientific and professional ESG structure and a sound management system. In 2022,
     a total of seven sustainable development policies, namely the Environmental Protection Policy of China Jinmao,
     the Human Rights Policy of China Jinmao, the Supplier Code of Conduct of China Jinmao, the Sustainable
     Procurement Policy of China Jinmao, the Health and Safety Policy of China Jinmao, the Code of Business Ethics
     of China Jinmao and the Community Management Policy of China Jinmao have been formulated and published
     to comprehensively regulate and efficiently manage various areas of sustainable development work. During the
     Year, China Jinmao’s ESG management and practise standards have been highly recognised by authoritative
     institutions locally and abroad. The MSCI ESG rating has moved up to BBB. In addition, China Jinmao has
     been awarded a GRESB 3-star green rating, a global real estate sustainable scoring system, has been included
     in the newly launched Hang Seng Climate Change 1.5℃ Target Index, and has been ranked among the “ESG
     (Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance) – Pioneer 50 Index for the Central Enterprises” by the Social
     Responsibility Bureau of the SASAC of the State Council.


     Sustainable development governance structure




                                                  ESG Committee

                                                                                        Functional centre office
                                                                                         of the headquarters

        Board of
        Directors

                                                   ESG Working
                                                      Group                              Relevant subsidiaries
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022           87


                                                                                  Sustainable Development




Board of Directors
As the highest decision-making body of China Jinmao’s ESG governance structure, the Board
comprehensively supervises the Company’s ESG related matters, reviews the ESG vision, objectives,
strategies and policies, evaluates and determines ESG risks and opportunities related to the
Company’s business, and supervises and reviews the Company’s ESG performance.


Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (ESG Committee)
The Board of the Company authorised the establishment of the ESG Committee, with Mr. Li Congrui,
an executive director and the Chief Executive Officer, serving as the chairman of the committee, and
Mr. Zhong Wei, an independent non-executive director, and Mr. Tian Jiupo, the Vice President and
CTO of the Company, serving as members. The ESG Committee shall assist the Board to comprehensively guide
and monitor ESG management, formulate and regularly review ESG vision, objectives, strategies and policies,
comprehensively monitor ESG risk management, material issues, progress of objectives and other related work,
review the Company’s annual ESG report, and complete other matters authorised by the Board.


Environmental, Social and Governance Working Group (ESG Working Group)
The Company has set up an ESG Working Group under the ESG Committee, which is composed of the
functional centre office of the Company’s headquarters and the counterparties at the relevant departments of
the subsidiaries. The working group comprehensively follows up and implements various ESG matters.


Sustainable development management strategies
China Jinmao pays attention to the demands and expectations of major stakeholders such as shareholders,
customers, environment, employees, partners and communities, regularly conducts a variety of communication
exchange activities, establishes different communication channels, and always maintains good communication
with stakeholders. Giving full play to its own advantages, the following sustainable development management strategies
have been determined:




                        Sustainable development management strategies
              Creating value with shareholders                              Achieving win-win results with
              China Jinmao established sound investors’                     partners
              relations, strengthened the system to                        In pursuit of achieving win-win results with
              safeguard shareholders’ interest and                         partners, China Jinmao took a righteous
              operated business in adherence to business                   and credible stance as the foundation of
ethics and in compliance with the laws and regulations       business and strove to achieve mutual benefits and win-
while strengthening risk management and insisting on         win results through cooperation while safeguarding an
innovative development to maximise the returns to            open, fair and just marketing environment in an effort to
shareholders with sustainable operating results.             build a win-win chain of sustainable development.


              Building harmony with the                                     Co-depending with the environment
              community                                                     Taking the green strategy as one of the
              As part of the community, China Jinmao                        Company’s key strategies, China Jinmao
              actively participated in community                            continued to upgrade three areas namely
              development and contributed to the public                     “eco-city”, “life building” and “zero-carbon
welfare undertakings by upholding the development            operations” to build the “Ever Green” living model
philosophy of “what is taken from society is used in         covering the whole process from design, construction to
society” to contribute to the building of a harmonious       operation with a view to establishing itself as the model
community.                                                   of city green operator in China.
88   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Sustainable Development




                      Progressing together with                                                 Sharing quality with customers
                      employees                                                             Committed to the mission of “Build Quality
                    China Jinmao regarded employees as                                      for Better Life”, China Jinmao executed
                    the Company’s most valuable asset and                                   its undertaking towards each customer to
                    respects their rights while ensuring their                              provide customers with more diversified
     safety and health, creating a fair and open environment for              and comprehensive products and services in an effort to
     employees and providing them with comprehensive career                   achieve the dream of future habitat and city.
     development channels and broad development potential
     for their growth in an effort to achieve enhancement in both
     corporate value and employee value.



     SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT REVIEW

     Creating excellent value for                                             finance, and successfully issued the largest carbon
     shareholders                                                             neutrality CMBS product in China and the first carbon
                                                                              neutrality office building REITs in China, providing
     The Company insists on steady development by                             more “green samples” for sustainable development of
     continuously exploring innovative transformation to                      cities.
     create higher value for shareholders. In 2022, the
     Company achieved a contracted value of RMB155                            Strengthening risk management and control. We
     billion, ranking 12th in terms of annual sales scale. The                continuously improve the risk management system,
     brand strength jumped in an all-round way, ranking                       and endeavour to identify, evaluate, prevent and
     153rd among Fortune China 500 companies and 175th                        control internal and external risks effectively to ensure
     among “China’s 500 Most Valuable Brands” in 2022.                        the stable, sustainable and healthy development of
     For the first time, its brand value exceeded RMB50                       the Company. At the same time, by firmly establishing
     billion.                                                                 all employees’ risk and compliance awareness and
                                                                              competence, we improve management efficiency to
     M a i n t a i n i n g i n v e s t o r r e l a t i o n s . Based on the   effectively avoid risks. In 2022, 100% of the contracts
     trust and support of shareholders, we continue to                        were reviewed by legal specialists and no material risk
     improve the mechanism for protecting shareholders’                       event was identified.
     rights and interests and actively facilitate the two-
     way flow of information. We continue to strengthen                       P r o m o t i n g a n t i - c o r r u p t i o n a n d i n t e g r i t y . We
     communication and exchanges with stakeholders,                           continue to improve the management mechanism,
     disclose updates on investment and operating                             optimise the prevention and control measures,
     condition to domestic and foreign investors as                           smoothen the reporting channels, solidly advance
     requested by the laws and regulations, and timely                        inspection and supervision, constantly enhance
     respond to investors’ concerns.                                          warning education, enrich the construction of integrity
                                                                              work culture, and build a solid line of defence against
     Enhancing investment and financing capabilities.                         corruption, adopting a zero-tolerance policy towards
     We continuously explore the opportunity for financial                    any form of corruption. The Company has formulated
     innovation and constantly expand financing channels                      and issued the Code of Business Ethics of China
     to achieve diversified low-cost financing and ensure                     Jinmao to strengthen corporate governance, regulate
     long-term and stable profit mechanism. We make                           business cooperation, provide clear business ethics
     value investments with scenarios and carriers, and                       guidelines for employees, and clarify the Company’s
     open up new models and paths for investment to                           policies and commitments on reporting and protecting
     lead to production and integration of production,                        whistle-blowers. In 2022, no event of bribery and
     investment and financing. In 2022, China Jinmao                          corruption was identified.
     supported low-carbon transformation with green
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022             89


                                                                                          Sustainable Development




Building the gold quality for our                                   different business forms and various consumption scenarios
customers                                                           to meet customers’ continuously upgraded consumption
                                                                    needs through high-quality services. We optimise customer
The Company always adheres to the service philosophy                experience by enriching membership benefits, and
that “customer’s demand is our pursuit” by our mission              providing customers with diversified and personalised
of “building quality for better life”, continuing to explore        membership services. In terms of hotel services, The
the direction of future living upgrade. Guided by customer          Westin Beijing Chaoyang once again provided service
needs, the Company continues to promote product                     guarantee for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics after
upgrading with innovative technologies, constantly                  undertaking the reception task for the summer Olympic
improving product quality, upgrading service experience,            Games in 2008, and received more than 300 guests from
and achieving the beauty of living and the beauty of city           13 countries and regions. The meticulous and considerate
with excellent quality.                                             security service guarantee work was highly recognised by
                                                                    all parties. In 2022, three new commercial projects, namely
Improving the quality of products. The Company continues            Qingdao Jinmao Mall of Splendour, Zhangjiagang Jinmao
to deepen city operations, organically integrating cutting-         Mall of Splendour and Tianjin Jinmao Place, commenced
edge technologies and concepts such as smart city, smart            operation. They constantly innovate in terms of building
energy and smart community with cities, so as to deeply             quality, business model building and cultural and artistic
implement the requirements of “Two Supports and Two                 introduction, providing local residents with a diversified
Synchronisations”, continuously improve the construction            and high-quality lifestyle, and injecting new vitality into the
of urban public supporting facilities and the introduction          development of cities and communities.
of industrial resources, and create a livable, business-
friendly and people-friendly urban life sample. By 2022, we
have implemented 34 city operation projects cumulatively,
continuing to empower the high-quality urbanisation
process. The Company adheres to the commitment of
lean construction and quality delivery, implements a
comprehensive quality management system covering the
whole construction cycle, and executes the quality and service
guarantee mechanism. At the same time, the Company
integrates digital technology and engineering construction
technology to fully realise a building factory that can be
“seen”, building a fully transparent, self-inspection, data-based   Strengthening communication with customers. We
and visualised construction window display mechanism from           continue to strengthen the construction of customer service
the four dimensions of “transparent” materials, “transparent”       platform, enrich and smoothen customer communication
processes, “transparent” delivery standards and “transparent”       channels, and improve the demand feedback mechanism
safety and civilisation, so as to deliver high-quality products     by listening to customers’ voices through various channels
with appearance corresponding to inside, excellent quality          and forms such as the 400 call centre system, Jinmao
and details in place to customers. In 2022, the delivery of         Luxuriance platform and in-depth interviews with property
69,000 units were completed, and the quality satisfaction rate      owners. Jinmao Service has established the Voice of the
increased to 86 points, reaching the industry benchmark level.      Customer (VOC) collection and operation system, which
                                                                    works through six channels, namely customer experience
Upgrading service experience. Guided by customer                    officer, customer research and experience topics, complaint
needs, the Company continues to improve the construction            information, customer interviews by butlers, consultation
of customer service standardisation management system,              and help information, to continuously collect customer
and explore more humanised, customised and personalised             needs insights and experience feedback in a dynamic and
service experience. Leveraging the advantages of city               nodal manner, and establish a multi-dimensional customer
operators, China Jinmao has comprehensively launched                experience monitoring system so as to receive true voices
a membership system which integrates and connects                   from customers in a timely, comprehensive and effective
                                                                    manner, maximising customer needs satisfaction.
90   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Sustainable Development




     FACILITATING A WIN-WIN PATH FOR OUR PARTNERS
     Adhering to the principle of “Co-Creating Value                            resources, and promote the integrated development
     a n d P u r s u i n g W i n - W i n R e s u l t s” , t h e C o m p a n y   of small, medium and large-sized enterprises to
     actively cooperates with governments at all levels,                        build a high-quality industrial ecosystem. Through
     enterprises, financial institutions and research                           the tripartite collaboration of “industry scenario
     institutes to promote diversified and coordinated                          party + technology enterprise party + resource
     development. We are committed to building a                                coordination party”, the open innovation platform
     sustainable supply chain and growing together with                         of J-SPEED opens up nearly 100 business scenarios
     our partners. We continue to optimise the resource                         of its residential, hotel, commercial and property
     expansion mechanism of “linkages between the                               sectors to external technology enterprises, gathering
     upper and lower levels” to integrate abundant                              external high-quality resources to promote new
     industrial resources so as to expedite the sustainable                     forms of innovation. In 2022, the J-SPEED platform
     development of the industry.                                               has already gathered 632 technology enterprises
                                                                                and achieved more than 70 innovative achievements.
     Practising transparent procurement. Adhering                               At the industrial chain extension level, we continue
     to the principles of “eco-friendliness, openness,                          to explore and implement carbon neutrality, smart
     standardisation and intelligence”, the Company                             construction and other fields, form the scale effect
     ensures the openness, justness and fairness of the                         and network effect of innovative resources with high-
     tendering and procurement process through a                                throughput innovation, and continue to promote
     transparent tendering and procurement platform.                            industrial scenarios and technological resource
     In 2022, the Company formulated and issued the                             cooperation.
     China Jinmao Supplier Code of Conduct to further
     standardise supply chain management, provide                               Facilitating cross-industry cooperation. Integrating
     guidance for suppliers to practise the concept of                          its own advantageous resources, the Company
     sustainable development, and eliminate any form                            closely combines social development needs with the
     of bribery, corruption, fraud, abuse of power, unfair                      Company’s strategic development, and continuously
     competition, etc. The Company has continued to                             deepens cooperation and exchanges with the
     improve the green supply chain database and green                          government, scientific research institutes, financial
     procurement management system, formulated                                  institutions, enterprises and other relevant parties.
     and issued the Sustainable Procurement Policy of                           We carry out cross-industry cooperation with Haier,
     China Jinmao, comprehensively controlling the                              SenseTime, Siemens, Huawei and other enterprises
     environmental responsibilities that should be borne                        in the fields of industrial Internet of Things, artificial
     in procurement activities. Suppliers are regularly                         intelligence, 5G smart buildings, enterprise digital
     evaluated to continuously improve their awareness                          transformation, smart park and ICT infrastructure,
     of sustainable development and ability to fulfil                           etc., to explore joint innovation and cross-industry
     their responsibilities, promoting the construction                         co-creation by large enterprises, empowering a
     of a long-term, stable, responsible and sustainable                        better life with technology. Jinmao Green Building,
     supply chain system.                                                       a subsidiary of the Company, held the 4th University
                                                                                Innovation Competition to continue to strengthen
     Creating innovative platforms. Adhering to the                             the in-depth cooperation between the enterprise
     development concept of “In Science We Trust”, we                           and universities, and to accelerate application
     closely follow the national themes of innovation-                          transformation and industrialisation development
     driven and digital economy development strategy,                           of scientific research achievements by taking the
     open up and enrich industrial scenarios to                                 industry and academic research cooperation as an
     cover diversified innovation tracks, continuously                          important way to innovate.
     strengthen the exchange and operation with external
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          91


                                                                              Sustainable Development




Building a happy home for                                 Optimising the remuneration package. We
employees                                                 continuously improve the system of remuneration
                                                          package in order to establish a more fair and equal
The Company regards employees as the most valuable        incentive mechanism, further playing the role of the
asset. Adhering to the talent development strategy of     incentive system in driving business growth, and
“creation, sharing and growth together”, the Company
                                                          ensuring that revenue growth is in line with corporate
continuously improves employment, management,             development and employee performance. On the
training system and protection mechanism, and is          premise of basic social security benefits, we provide
committed to building an equal, diversified, inclusive    employees with various supplementary benefits such
and harmonious workplace environment to provide           as trade union care and holiday subsidies, so as
employees with comprehensive career development           to comprehensively enhance employees’ sense of
channels and broad development space for their            happiness and belonging.
growth. As of 31 December 2022, the Company had
a total of 11,534 employees, of which 34.7% were          Reinforcing safety responsibilities. We continue
female and 22.9% managers were female. The Group          to improve the safety and health management
has adopted appropriate recruitment and selection         system and conscientiously implement the “14335”
measures and established talent management and            work idea for the project management year. Taking
training programmes to consider diverse candidates.       lean construction as the core, we adhere to the
The Board believes that the Company has ensured           strategic guidance of the FORUS system, and build
gender diversity at the employee level of the Group       our lean construction capabilities by making up for
by providing a fair environment, and the proportion       shortcomings, building platforms, and upgrading
of female employees has been maintained at a level        systems. With the three-year action plan for special
consistent with industry characteristics for a long       rectification of safe production as the guideline and
time. During the Reporting Period, the Board was not      the goal of achieving “four zero” in HSE management,
aware of any mitigating factors or circumstances that     the Company earnestly implements the dual
made achieving gender diversity across the workforce,     prevention mechanism for risks and hidden dangers.
including senior management, more challenging or          Special actions such as illegal operation eradication,
less relevant.                                            100-day safety improvement, understanding of laws
                                                          and regulations, and safety management improvement
Safeguarding employees’ interests. The Company            are conducted to ensure the implementation of HSE
strictly abides by relevant international conventions     management at the front line, deepen the awareness
and relevant laws and regulations of the places where     of safe production of employees and contractors,
it operates, continuously improves the employee           and continuously reduce safety risks. In 2022, the
management system, formulates and issues the Human        Company actively promoted the safety standardisation
Rights Policy of China Jinmao, always adheres to the      work and the construction of FORUS system, and
principle of equal and fair employment and strictly       overfulfilled the safety indicators throughout the year,
prohibits discrimination, child labour and other forced   achieving the Company’s “four zero” goal of HSE “0”
and compulsory labour. The Company strengthens            fatal accident, “0” general and above environmental
democratic management of employees by forming a           incident, “0” major negative HSE public opinion, and
democratic management and supervision system with         “0” new occupational disease.
the employee representative meeting system as the
core, continuing to pay attention to and respond to
the requirements of employees.
92   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Sustainable Development




     Helping talents grow. The Company continuously           Delivering boundless love for our
     improves its internal training mechanism, organises      community
     and carries out various vocational training to build
     a solid talent echelon. Adopting a combination           Upholding the mission of “alleviating poverty, actively

     of online and offline training, we accurately offer      participating in charity and building a harmonious

     training content for employees, and provide courses      community” and leveraging the resource advantages

     that match the needs of talent development in a          of city operator, the Company leads employees,

     more flexible manner. The Company continues to           partners and customers to participate in social welfare

     enrich its talent training system on the basis of the    undertakings in the aspects of poverty alleviation,

     training programmes of “Ark Trainees”, “Jincai           community governance, and respect for the elderly

     Trainees”, “Jinfan Trainees” and “Jinge Trainees”,       and caring for children, continuing to fulfil its

     and has launched the training programmes for             responsibility as a corporate citizen.

     professional talents such as “Jinken Trainees” and
     “Jingong Academy”, continuously improving the            Improving public welfare management. Continuously

     thickness of young talent echelon, strengthening         improving the public welfare management mechanism,

     the competitiveness of resource management, and          the Company integrates its resource advantages

     comprehensively supporting the implementation of the     and business characteristics to explore a sustainable

     Company’s strategies and business development.           public welfare model and carefully create all-round
                                                              public welfare projects. We call on management

     More caring for the employees. Guided by the             personnel at all levels and stakeholders for active

     corporate culture and values and in combination with     participation, so that the concepts of public welfare

     the actual production and operation conditions of the    and sustainability are deeply rooted in people’s hearts.

     Company, we organise a variety of cultural and sports    Together we promote the close integration of public

     activities such as knowledge contests, themed festival   welfare undertakings and sustainable undertakings,

     cultural activities and employee birthday parties to     contributing more warmth and caring to the society.

     promote work-life balance of employees. Based on
     the actual needs of different groups, we implement
     various employee caring measures, focusing on
     humanistic caring and psychological counselling, with
     a view to enhancing the cohesion and combat power
     of employees. During the pandemic, the Company put
     the safety and health of employees in the first place
     by timely understanding the needs of employees, and
     providing them with various anti-pandemic materials
     and daily supplies such as face masks, disinfectants,
     antigen reagents, and drugs.                             Focusing on education assistance. The Company
                                                              attaches great importance to the assistance to the
                                                              assisted areas and resolutely pursues the effective
                                                              connection between the achievements of poverty
                                                              alleviation and rural revitalisation. Upholding the
                                                              concept of “Dual Support for Intelligence and
                                                              Ambition”, we set up an incentive fund for outstanding
                                                              young teachers and establish remote classroom as
                                                              the teaching point, which shows that areas where
                                                              educational resources are scarce can have better
                                                              educational conditions and rich educational resources.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022             93


                                                                                Sustainable Development




As at 2022, the Company has already donated a total       Contributing green civilisation to
of 32 “Build your Dreams Public Welfare Library” to       the environment
Tibet, Qinghai, Inner Mongolia, Sichuan, Guizhou
and other places, changing the destiny of children        The Company has always adhered to the strategy of
                                                          “utmost green quality”, deepened the concept of eco-
with knowledge and education. The third season of
“Charity for Children” book donation activity has been    friendliness and harmonious co-existence, and carried out

organised to call on employees of the Company and         comprehensive upgrades from the three dimensions of

property owners to donate more than 6,000 books           ecological cities, life buildings, and zero-carbon operations,

to Gulang County, Gansu. In addition, the Company         infiltrating the green, low-carbon, and sustainable concepts

and Gulang County jointly participated in the public      through the entire life cycle of urban and architectural

welfare project in building a remote classroom. With      planning and design, building material selection,

the remote classroom as the teaching point of Chunhui     construction, and operation management, so as to promote

Primary School in Gulang County and continuous            high-quality and sustainable development of the city. China

provision of remote teaching assistance, we offer         Jinmao actively responds to the national strategic goal

the school with online real-time courses, which help      of “dual carbon” by introducing the concept of “carbon

improve the shortage of school teachers and enrich        neutrality” in the planning of city operations, actively

students’ school activities.                              exploring the path of energy conservation and emission
                                                          reduction, and creating ultra-low energy consumption
                                                          and zero energy consumption buildings to promote smart
                                                          energy. In 2022, the Company formulated and disclosed
                                                          its greenhouse gas emission reduction target, becoming
                                                          one of the first batch of real estate enterprises in Mainland
                                                          China to publicly disclose the scientific carbon emission
                                                          reduction target.


                                                          Deepening green management. In strict compliance
                                                          with the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s
                                                          Republic of China, the Environmental Impact Assessment
                                                          Law of the People’s Republic of China and other laws

Launching public welfare campaigns. The Company           and regulations related to environmental protection, the

fully explores its own resources, gives full play to      Company has revised management documents such as the

its professional advantages, and actively carries out     Environmental Protection Management Standards of China

public welfare and charity activities and volunteer       Jinmao and the Energy Conservation and Low Carbon

services. Companies at all levels join hands with         Management Standards of China Jinmao, and published

local public welfare and charity organisations to form    the Environmental Protection Policy of China Jinmao to

volunteer service teams with Jinmao characteristics,      continuously manage and reduce the impact of business

carrying out public welfare and volunteer activities in   operations on the environment. The Company continues

the community, conveying care and giving back to the      to carry out environmental impact assessment and

community with actions.                                   management, and takes management measures against
                                                          dust pollution, noise pollution and solid waste pollution
                                                          that may exist in construction and operation, so as to
                                                          reduce pollution from the source, improve the efficiency of
                                                          resource utilisation, and reduce or avoid the generation and
                                                          discharge of pollutants in the process of production, service
                                                          and product use, thereby reducing the harm of construction
                                                          and operation to personnel health and the environment.
94   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Sustainable Development




                                                                  and setting up a model of green and healthy living. In
                                                                  2022, 34 projects of China Jinmao obtained 35 green
                                                                  building certifications, bringing the total number of
                                                                  green building certifications and labels obtained to 297,
                                                                  with certified GFA reaching 29,639,000 square metres,
                                                                  ranking No. 1 in green real estate developers in terms of
                                                                  competitiveness in China for 5 consecutive years.


                                                                  Adhering to green operations. The Company deeply
                                                                  explores the potential of energy conservation and
                                                                  emission reduction in the construction and operation
                                                                  stages, and promotes conservation and utilisation of
     Co-building eco-cities. We build ecological cities           resources and energy through energy substitution,
     according to local conditions and inject lasting power       energy efficiency improvement, green office, waste
     into the sustainable development of cities. The Company      recycling and other measures. In 2022, the Company
     always adheres to the green development strategy,            formulated the China Jinmao Low-carbon Development
     continuously pushing ahead the implementation of             Plan and Implementation Outline to clarify the key
     the “carbon neutral” IP under city operations. In 2022,      carbon emission units and projects, as well as the
     Jinhua Jinmao Future Science City．Dongmei Future             implementation path of carbon emission reduction from
     Community, a low-carbon demonstration zone focused           the four dimensions of “ecological city”, “life building”,
     on by China Jinmao, was awarded the “Global Zero-            “low-carbon operation” and “focus on carbon reduction
     Carbon City Innovation Model Award – Gold Award              in the entire life cycle”, so as to ensure the successful
     for Innovative Solutions” at the Global Technology           achievement of carbon emission reduction targets. We
     Innovation Conference of the United Nations Industrial       continue to explore the development model of smart
     Development Organization. Based on the local climate         energy, and vigorously promote the use of clean energy
     characteristics and natural conditions of Jinhua, the        and renewable energy in daily operations, reducing
     project significantly reduces the energy consumption         energy consumption in the operation process from
     demand for building heating and cooling, and replaces        the source. As of 2022, China Jinmao has invested,
     a large amount of traditional energy by installing           constructed and operated 79 energy stations at city,
     photovoltaic power generation systems to create green        regional and project levels, with a planned energy supply
     and energy-saving buildings for low-carbon operation. In     area of 43.80 million square metres, which is expected
     addition, Dongmei Future Community Kindergarten was          to reduce carbon emissions by 423,000 tonnes per year
     awarded the “Net Zero Carbon Building” certification         after reaching the designed capacity.
     jointly issued by TÜV Rheinland Greater China and the
     Building Research Establishment (BRE), becoming the          Vision of green development. In time we shape the
     first project receiving “Net Zero Carbon Building (School)   city and the future is full of possibilities. Up to the end
     Certification” in China.                                     of 2022, China Jinmao has applied advanced green and
                                                                  low-carbon concept in the design, construction and
     Creating green buildings. We integrate the concepts          operation of more than 300 projects in 55 cities across
     of green, low-carbon and sustainability into the whole       China, achieving comprehensive green and low-carbon
     process of building design, construction and operation.      transformation in the city or region as a whole. The past
     Actively advocating green design, promoting green            is a prologue. In the journey of exploring green health
     construction and conducting green operation, the             and smart technology, China Jinmao, as the leading city
     Company proactively implements green environmental           operator in China, will set a “no limit” perpetual plan
     protection requirements at every stage of the entire life    adhering to the principle of “In Science We Trust” to
     cycle of buildings, improving the energy-saving level of     revive with more cities in search of a better tomorrow.
     buildings and the ability to respond to climate change,
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022             95


                                                                              Sustainable Development




                                                               Industrialisation Branch and Lianzhu platform was
                                                               held at Gehua New Century Hotel in Beijing, at which
                                                               many influential experts and scholars attended to
                                                               explore how urban renewal, green and low-carbon,
                                                               technological endowment start a new journey for
                                                               the upgrading of the real estate industry under the
                                                               guidance of the “14th Five-Year Plan” strategy to
                                                               build a high-quality development economic system.
                                                               At the forum, TIAN Jiupo, Vice President and CTO
                                                               of China Jinmao, delivered a keynote speech titled
                                                               “Exploration and Practice of Carbon Neutrality in
GREEN ACTIVITIES AND HONOURS                                   Jinmao City Operations”, which received enthusiastic
                                                               responses from the experts and guests present.

1   Won major award at the “2023 China Real
                                                               Vice President TIAN Jiupo shared China Jinmao’s
    Estate Industry Trend Outlook cum the
                                                               exploration and practice of carbon-neutral
    23rd China International Real Estate &
                                                               transformation in city operations, and mentioned that
    Architectural Technology Fair (CIHAF)”
                                                               cities are the main battlefield for carbon neutrality,
    On 11 January 2023, the “2023 China Real Estate
                                                               as well as the testing ground for innovation, which is
    Industry Trend Outlook cum the 23rd China
                                                               the basis for realising low-carbon scenarios in various
    International Real Estate & Architectural Technology
                                                               fields. Taking green health and smart technology as
    Fair (CIHAF)” was held in Beijing, which was jointly
                                                               its development concept, and low-carbon as its core
    organised by China Real Estate Business, the China
                                                               element, China Jinmao starts from top-level design
    City and the Regional Governance Research Institute
                                                               in practice and implements the concept of green city
    to explore the high-quality development of the real
                                                               planning. At the same time, Jinmao Green Building
    estate industry under the new development pattern
                                                               actively expands regional energy, cooling and
    and the new model of industry development, and
                                                               heating services, and uses green energy to promote
    announce the list of “2022 Top 20 Most Competitive
                                                               green upgrades in city operations.
    Green Property Developers in China”. With
    continuous exploration and outstanding contribution
                                                           3   Jinmao Green Building appeared at the
    in the field of green development, China Jinmao won
                                                               CIFTIS Special Exhibition on Environmental
    the major award again in 2022, ranking No.1 among
                                                               Services
    the most competitive green property developers.
                                                               From 1 to 5 September 2022, the grand opening of
    Since 2018, China Jinmao has been ranked in the top
                                                               the 2022 CIFTIS Special Exhibition on Environmental
    ranking for five consecutive years.
                                                               Services themed “Dual Carbon Empowerment
                                                               to Ignite Innovation Momentum” was held in
2   Attended the 11th China Real Estate
                                                               Phase 2, China National Convention Centre. As an
    Industry Chain Innovation Cooperation
                                                               outstanding representative in the implementation
    Summit Forum and delivered a keynote
                                                               of the “dual-carbon” strategic goal, Jinmao Green
    speech
                                                               Building, together with other industry leaders such
    On 5 August 2022, the 11th China Real Estate
                                                               as PetroChina and CNOOC, made an appearance
    Industry Chain Innovation Cooperation Summit
                                                               at the exhibition, to present new business segments
    Forum (North China Station) titled “New Era, New
                                                               and new paths leading the city’s green and low-
    Model, New Opportunity” organised by China Real
                                                               carbon development in a multi-dimensional manner,
    Estate Chamber of Commerce (“CRECC”) and
                                                               injecting new impetus to the healthy and sustainable
    undertaken by CRECC Industry Chain & Building
                                                               development of the industry.
96   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Sustainable Development




     4   Attended the CIOC 2022 Real Estate                           track under China Jinmao, was invited to attend to
         Digitalisation Summit                                        jointly explore a new pattern of comprehensive green
         On 8 December 2022, under the guidance of the                transformation and development of the real estate
         China Real Estate Association, the 5th CIOC Real             industry and the economy and society. At the forum,
         Estate Digitalisation Summit, which was hosted by            Jinmao Green Building won the “2022 Outstanding
         CRIC, E-House and co-organised by the Digital                Green Real Estate Brand” award for its outstanding
         Technology Real Estate Branch of the China Real              achievements in green, low-carbon and technological
         Estate Association, was successfully held online.            empowerment in the area of city operations.
         The summit was divided into three chapters: “Re:
         Explore – Policy and Practice”, “Re: Construct –         6   Attended and won awards at the IDCC 2022
         Digital Development” and “Re: Innovate – Digital             Yangtze River Delta Forum
         Operation”. At the summit, many industry experts             From 24 to 26 August 2022, the 17th China IDC
         and leaders were invited to discuss the digital              Industry Annual Ceremony Yangtze River Delta
         construction and development of the real estate              Forum (IDCC2022 Yangtze River Delta Forum),
         industry.                                                    which was hosted by the Organising Committee
                                                                      of China IDC Industry Annual Ceremony and
         ZUO Jianbo, deputy general manager of China                  undertaken by the China IDC Circle and the Yangtze
         Jinmao Green Building Company, was invited to                River Delta Information Intelligence Innovation
         attend the summit and delivered a keynote speech             Research Institute, was held in Hilton Suzhou. As an
         on the “Living Technology and Innovation Practice of         outstanding representative in the implementation
         Jinmao Green Building”. With the mission of “Green           of the “dual-carbon” strategic goal, Jinmao Green
         Technology for a Better Life”, Jinmao Green Building         Building was invited to explore the development and
         has continuously gained an insight into customer             empowerment of computing power, and won the
         needs and explored a path of complete independent            “2022 Yangtze River Delta Hub Green Data Centre
         research and development which originates from               Award” by the organiser. The purpose of the award is
         system integration, gradually to independent                 to recognise data centre rooms or clusters that have
         research and development of core products, to the            developed breakthrough innovative applications
         realisation of core technologies and systems, offering       in the Yangtze River Delta region and have made
         owners a new living experience that is healthier,            outstanding contributions to improving the supply of
         comfier, safer and higher in quality.                        computing power in the Yangtze River Delta region.


     5   Attended and won awards at the 3rd Ifeng                 7   Attended the 2nd China Building Energy
         Fengcaixun Super Finance Week Forum                          Efficiency Industry Conference on Promoting
         The 3rd Ifeng Fengcaixun Super Finance Week                  Emission Peak and Carbon Neutrality – Solar
         was held on 8 December 2022, with the theme of               Building Application Forum
         “Fire Is The Test Of Gold”, at which 35 industry             On 17 June 2022, the 2nd China Building Energy
         experts and political and business leaders had 11            Conservation Industry Conference on Promoting
         cloud conversations on topics such as new real               Emission Peak and Carbon Neutrality – Solar Building
         estate pattern, industry sector, retail, property,           Application Forum, which was co-organised by China
         agency construction, ESG corporate responsibility,           Association of Building Energy Efficiency and China
         metaverse and Generation Z to jointly analyse                Real Estate Industry Association, was successfully
         economic opportunities and the future of the real            held, at which ZHANG Zhang, general manager
         estate industry. Jinmao Green Building, as a cutting-        of the product research and development centre
         edge platform for technological R&D and innovation           of China Jinmao, was invited to participate in the
         expansion and a leading company in the new energy            forum, exchanged views on the future development
                                                                      direction and opportunities of the photovoltaic
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022            97


                                                                                      Sustainable Development




    industry with China Academy of Building Research                 9   Other honours in 2022
    and Solar Building Application Committee of China                    •   Jinmao Green Building won the 2022 Power
    Real Estate Association, and shared China Jinmao’s                       Exchange Station Brand Award, 2022 Power
    photovoltaic product innovation research and                             Exchange Technology Award, 2022 Green
    development achievements and project application                         Electric Heavy Truck Charging and Power
    experience under the “dual-carbon” backdrop                              Exchange Brand Award, and 2022 Green
    centring around the theme of “Building-integrated                        Electric Heavy Truck Pioneer Operator Award.
    photovoltaics (BIPV)”.
                                                                         •   Huanji Hi-Tech Co., Ltd. won the first prize at
8   Participated in the compilation of national                              the Fujian Provincial Science and Technology
    and industrial green intelligence protocols                              Advancement Awards, and the champion
    Participation in the compilation of 1 national protocol:                 of Xiamen Division of “China Chuangyi”
    Evaluation Standards for Application of Renewable                        Entrepreneurship and Innovation Competition.
    Energy in Buildings (GB/T50801).
                                                                         •   J • Maker (金茂建築科技) was shortlisted for the
    Participation in the compilation of 4 regional                            2022 “Top 100 PRC Enterprises in Prefabricated
    protocols: Technical Specifications for Electrical                       Decoration Industry for Liveability”.
    Safety of Distributed Photovoltaic Power Generation
    System (DB11/T2036-2022), Technical Specifications                   •   Jinhua Dongmei Future Communities won
    for Distributed Photovoltaic Power Generation                             the “Global Zero-Carbon City Innovation
    E n g i n e e r i n g ( D B11/ T1773-2022) , T e c h n i c a l           Model Award – Gold Award for Innovative
    Specifications for Ground Geothermal Heating                             Solutions” at the Global Technology Innovation
    (DB11/T806-2022) and Technical Regulations for                           Conference of the United Nations Industrial
    Application of Household Air Source Heat Pump                            Development Organization.
    System (DB11/T1382-2022).
                                                                         •   Xi’an Weiyang Jinmao Palace won the title of
    Participation in the compilation of 5 industry                           Model Project for Renewable Energy Heating.
    protocols: Technical Specifications for Building
    Integrated Photovoltaic Engineering Design,                          •   In 2022, Jinmao Green Building obtained 7
    Technical Specifications for Construction and                            invention patents, 40 utility model patents and
    Installation of Building Integrated Photovoltaic                         8 appearance design patents in the field of
    Engineering, Operation and Maintenance                                   green and smart technology, while J • Maker
    Specifications for Building Integrated Photovoltaic                      obtained 1 invention licence, 8 utility model
    Systems, Inspection Requirements for Rating Working                      patents and 1 software copyright in the field of
    Temperature of Battery Integrated Photovoltaic                           prefabricated construction.
    Components and Code for Acceptance of Building
    Integrated Photovoltaic Exterior Wall Thermal
    Insulation and Energy-saving Decoration.
98   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


     Profile of Directors and Senior Management


                                 Mr. LI Fanrong
                                 Chairman and Non-executive Director

                                 Mr. LI, who was born in October 1963, joined the Company in September
                                 2022 as the Chairman of the Company and a non-executive Director. Mr.
                                 LI joined Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. in April 2021 and held
                                 positions as a director and the general manager. Mr. LI has been the
                                 chairman of Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd. since August 2022.
                                 Prior to joining Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd., Mr. LI served as an
                                 engineer, department manager and branch general manager of CNOOC
                                 China Limited and its subsidiaries from August 1984 to February 2009.
                                 From February 2009 to April 2010, he served as an assistant general
                                 manager of China National Offshore Oil Corporation, and concurrently as
                                 the general manager of CNOOC Energy Technology & Services Limited.
                                 From April 2010 to May 2016, he served as the deputy general manager
                                 of China National Offshore Oil Corporation, and a director, the president
                                 and chief executive officer of CNOOC Limited (stock code: 00883). From
                                 May 2016 to February 2020, Mr. LI worked as the deputy director of
                                 National Energy Administration. From February 2020 to April 2021, Mr. LI
                                 served as a director and the general manager of China National Petroleum
                                 Corporation. Mr. LI has nearly 40 years of experience in petroleum energy
                                 industry and the management of large-scale enterprises. Mr. LI obtained
                                 a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from Yangtze University
                                 (formerly Jianghan Petroleum Institute (江漢石油學院)) in 1984 and a
                                 master’s degree in business administration from Cardiff University, United
                                 Kingdom in 2003. Mr. LI is a professor-level senior engineer.
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022         99


              Profile of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. LI Fuli
Non-executive Director

Mr. LI, who was born in December 1965, joined the Company in June 2022
as a non-executive Director. Mr. LI joined Sinochem Holdings Corporation
Ltd. in May 2022, and held positions as the chief accountant and the
deputy general manager. Prior to joining Sinochem Holdings Corporation
Ltd., Mr. LI worked in China Minmetals Group and its various subsidiaries
from January 1991 to August 2018, and served as the vice president
of China Minmetals Corporation, the general manager of Minmetals
Investment & Development Co., Ltd., the chairman of MMG Limited,
the chairman of China Minmetals Non-ferrous Metals Holding Company
Limited, and the chairman of Minmetals Land Limited. Mr. LI had held
various positions in China Resources Group and its various subsidiaries
from August 2018 to May 2022, and served as the chief accountant and
the deputy general manager of China Resources (Holdings) Company
Limited, the chairman of China Resources Capital Holdings Company
Limited, the chairman of China Resources SZITIC Trust Co., Ltd. and the
chairman of China Resources Bank of Zhuhai Co., Ltd. He served as the
chairman of China Resources Microelectronics Limited (a company listed
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 688396) from April 2019 to
April 2020, the chairman of China Resources Cement Holdings Limited
(stock code: 01313) from December 2020 to May 2022. Mr. LI has nearly
35 years of experience in strategic investment, corporate finance and
financial management. Mr. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics
from Renmin University of China in 1988 and an executive master’s degree
in business administration (EMBA) from Cheung Kong Graduate School of
Business in 2006.
100   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                  Mr. AN Hongjun
                                  Non-executive Director

                                  Mr. AN, who was born in July 1975, has been a non-executive Director
                                  of the Company since November 2015. Mr. AN joined New China Asset
                                  Management Corporation Limited in May 2010 and served successively
                                  as the deputy general manager of the project investment department (in
                                  charge of daily operations) and the general manager of the international
                                  business department. He has been an executive director and the president
                                  of New China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited since April 2013.
                                  Mr. AN has served as a non-executive Director of Guotai Junan Securities
                                  Co., Ltd. (stock code: 02611; a company also listed on Shanghai Stock
                                  Exchange, stock code: 601211) since December 2019. Prior to joining New
                                  China Asset Management Corporation Limited, Mr. AN had held various
                                  positions, including project manager, macro researcher and research
                                  analyst, in Northeast Securities Co., Ltd., The People’s Insurance Company
                                  (Group) of China Limited and China Life Franklin Asset Management
                                  Company Limited. Mr. AN has over 15 years of practical experience
                                  in securities, insurance and investment sectors, and has mastered a
                                  general knowledge in macroeconomics, securities investment and real
                                  estate industries, and had in-depth research on corporate governance,
                                  development strategies, etc. Mr. AN obtained his bachelor’s degree in
                                  Economics at Jilin University in 1998, and a master’s degree in Economics
                                  at Jilin University in 2002, and then the doctor’s degree in Economics
                                  at Jilin University in 2006. Mr. AN obtained the Securities Practitioner
                                  Qualification Certificate issued by the Securities Association of China
                                  and the license to carry on businesses including advising on securities
                                  and asset management granted by Securities and Futures Commission of
                                  Hong Kong.
                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022         101


             Profile of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. CHENG Yong
Non-executive Director

Mr. CHENG, who was born in November 1973, has been a non-executive
Director of the Company since August 2020. He joined the strategic
planning department of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in August 1999.
He served as an assistant to the general manager, the deputy general
manager and the general manager of the strategic planning department
of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. from August 2002 to December 2016, the
vice president of the agricultural business department of Sinochem
Group Co., Ltd. from January 2017 to October 2018, and the managing
director of Sinochem Agriculture Holdings Limited from October 2015 to
October 2018. Mr. CHENG has been the deputy director of the human
resources department of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. since October 2018,
and the executive vice president of Sinochem Innovation Management
Institute (中化創新管理學院) since December 2018. He has been the
director of the human resources department of Sinochem Holdings
Corporation Ltd. and the executive vice president of Sinochem Innovation
Management Research Institute (中化創新管理研修院) since April 2021.
Mr. CHENG has also been a director of a number of subsidiaries of
Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd., including China Foreign Economy
and Trade Trust Co., Ltd. and Sinochem Capital Co., Ltd. since May 2012.
Mr. CHENG has over 20 years of extensive experience in economic and
trade, agricultural industry, corporate strategy and human resources
management. Mr. CHENG obtained a bachelor’s degree in international
trade from the department of economics and trade of Anhui Institute of
Finance and Trade in 1994, a master’s degree in business economics from
the department of economics and trade of Anhui Institute of Finance
and Trade in 1996, a doctoral degree in applied economics from the
department of finance and trade of the Graduate School of Chinese
Academy of Social Sciences in 1999, and an executive master’s degree
in business administration from Xiamen University in 2008. Mr. CHENG
is a senior economist, a Chinese certified public accountant (CPA) and a
qualified lawyer in the PRC.
102   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                  Mr. CHEN Chuan
                                  Non-executive Director

                                  Mr. CHEN, who was born in September 1979, joined the Company in
                                  November 2022 as a non-executive Director. Mr. CHEN joined Ping
                                  An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (stock code: HK.02318; a
                                  company also listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 601318) in
                                  December 2021, and currently holds the position as the managing director
                                  of asset management center. Prior to joining Ping An Insurance (Group)
                                  Company of China, Ltd., Mr. CHEN served as an architectural designer
                                  at Shanghai Institute of Architectural Design and Research Co., Ltd. (上
                                  海建築設計研究院) from July 2002 to November 2005, and held senior
                                  positions including vice president and managing director in Shanghai
                                  Dingtong Investment Co., Ltd. (上海鼎通投資有限公司), Beijing Yunxiang
                                  Architectural Design Co., Ltd. (北京雲翔建築設計有限公司) and CCDI
                                  International (Shenzhen) Design Consultants Co., Ltd. (悉地國際設計顧問
                                  (深圳)有限公司) from December 2005 to July 2016. Mr. CHEN served as
                                  the executive vice general manager in Shanghai Building Materials Group
                                  Technology Development Company Limited (上海建築材料集團科技發展
                                  有限公司) and Yuzu Property Limited Partnership (游族置業合夥企業(有限
                                  合夥)) from August 2016 to November 2021. Mr. CHEN has more than 20
                                  years of experience in real estate development management, planning
                                  and design, mergers and acquisitions and post-investment management,
                                  and corporate governance. Mr. CHEN obtained a bachelor’s degree
                                  in architecture from Tianjin University in 2002 and a master’s degree in
                                  international real estate from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in
                                  2011.
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022          103


             Profile of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. LI Congrui
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

Mr. LI, who was born in March 1971, joined the Company in April 2009
as Vice President. Mr. LI has been serving as an executive Director of
the Company since June 2011 and an executive Director and the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company since January 2013. Mr. LI also holds
positions in a number of subsidiaries of the Company. He has been
serving as a non-executive director of Jinmao (China) Hotel Investments
and Management Limited (a company delisted from The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited in October 2020, stock code before the delisting:
06139) and Jinmao (China) Investments Manager Limited since March
2014, and has been the chairman of the board of directors since April
2016. Mr. LI also has been serving as the chairman of the board of
directors of Sinochem Franshion Properties (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and an
executive director of Shanghai Jinmao Investment Management Group
Co., Ltd. Mr. LI joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in 1997, and had held
various senior management positions in Shanghai Orient Terminal Co.,
Ltd. and Sinochem International Industrial Corp. From 2003 and prior
to joining the Company, Mr. LI was a director and the general manager
of Zhoushan State Oil Reserve Base Company Limited. Mr. LI has over
25 years of experience in strategy management, corporate governance,
organisational construction, appraisal and analysis on project investment,
project management and large project construction. Mr. LI obtained
a bachelor’s degree in Petroleum Geology and Exploration from the
Petroleum Department of China University of Geosciences (Wuhan) in
1994. He earned a master’s degree in Petroleum Development from the
Research Institute of Petroleum Exploration & Development in 1997 and
an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from China Europe
International Business School (CEIBS) in 2007.
104   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                  Mr. JIANG Nan
                                  Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer

                                  Mr. JIANG, who was born in April 1973, joined the Company in January
                                  2006 as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and has been involved
                                  in the day-to-day management of the Company since then. Mr. JIANG
                                  served as an executive Director of the Company from 2007 to 2011, and
                                  has been redesignated as an executive Director of the Company since
                                  August 2015. Mr. JIANG also holds positions in a number of subsidiaries
                                  of the Company, including a director and the general manager of Jinmao
                                  Capital Holding Limited, and a non-executive director of Jinmao (China)
                                  Hotel Investments and Management Limited (a company delisted from
                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in October 2020, stock code
                                  before the delisting: 06139) and Jinmao (China) Investments Manager
                                  Limited, an non-executive director and the chairman of Jinmao Property
                                  Services Co., Limited (stock code: 00816). He is in charge of the direction
                                  and management of the Company’s strategic operations, accounting and
                                  finance, capital market, investor relations and budget assessment. He
                                  joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in August 1995 and worked in the finance
                                  department of Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. from 1995 to 2002. He was the
                                  Treasurer of Sinochem Hong Kong (Group) Company Limited from August
                                  2002 to January 2006, responsible for handling the financial management
                                  and investment projects, and the operation of overseas funds of Sinochem
                                  Group Co., Ltd. Mr. JIANG has over 25 years of experience in corporate
                                  finance and accounting management. Mr. JIANG earned a bachelor’s
                                  degree in finance from China Institute of Finance in 1995 and a master’s
                                  degree in finance from Central University of Finance and Economics in
                                  2003. He obtained the Accounting Qualification Certificate in 1999 and is
                                  now an associate member of the Association of International Accountants
                                  (AIA).
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022       105


             Profile of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. SONG Liuyi
Executive Director and Senior Vice President

Mr. SONG, who was born in November 1975, joined the Company as
the assistant to the president of the Company in May 2011 and became
the vice president of the Company in January 2013. He has been serving
as the senior vice president of the Company since March 2017, and has
been an executive Director of the Company since August 2017. Mr.
SONG also holds positions in a number of subsidiaries of the Company,
including the director and the general manager of Sinochem Franshion
Properties (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Tuoying Industrial Co., Ltd..
Mr. SONG joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in 2001 and worked at the
investment business department of Sinochem International Corporation,
the investment department and general office of Sinochem Group Co.,
Ltd. Mr. SONG has over 20 years of experience in project investment, real
estate development and corporate management. Mr. SONG obtained
a bachelor’s degree in high polymer materials and processing from the
Beijing Institute of Technology in 1998 and a master’s degree in materials
from the Beijing Institute of Technology in 2001.
106   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                  Mr. SU Xijia
                                  Independent non-executive Director

                                  Mr. SU, who was born in September 1954, has been an independent
                                  non-executive Director of the Company since March 2007. He was an
                                  assistant professor in 1996 and subsequently an associate professor in
                                  the Department of Accountancy of City University of Hong Kong. He has
                                  joined China Europe International Business School (CEIBS) since July
                                  2010 as a professor of accounting. His research focuses on corporate
                                  governance and auditing practices of PRC listed companies. He has
                                  also been appointed as the special researcher by the CICPA since 2005.
                                  He has given lectures at the China Securities Regulatory Commission,
                                  the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, major
                                  commercial banks and various universities in China. He was an
                                  independent director of World Union Property Consultancy (China)
                                  Limited (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code:
                                  002285) from 2007 to 2013, and an independent director of Huazhong In-
                                  vehicle Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 06830) from 2011 to 2013.
                                  From 2010 to 2016, he served as an independent director of Sundy Land
                                  Investment Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
                                  stock code: 600077). From 2011 to 2017, he served as an independent
                                  director of Shenzhen Ellassay Fashion Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the
                                  Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 603808), and from 2014 to 2017,
                                  he served as a non-executive director of Jiangsu Changbao Steel Tube
                                  Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code:
                                  002478). Mr. SU has been serving as an independent director of Industrial
                                  Bank Co., Ltd. since 2017, an independent director of Opple Lighting
                                  Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code:
                                  603515) since June 2018, and an independent director of Oriental Pearl
                                  Media Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock
                                  code: 600637) since May 2021. Mr. SU has over 25 years of experience
                                  in corporate governance and accounting practice. Mr. SU earned a
                                  bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Xiamen University in 1982. He
                                  obtained his PhD degree from Concordia University of Canada in 1996.
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022          107


             Profile of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. SUEN Man Tak
Independent non-executive Director

Mr. SUEN, who was born in June 1958, has been an independent non-
executive Director of the Company since November 2020. He has
extensive experience in the enforcement of securities and futures related
legislation as well as commercial crime investigations. Mr. SUEN had
served with the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong for
more than 17 years. He is now a practicing barrister-at-law specializing in
litigation and advisory matters in relation to the Securities and Futures
Ordinance, the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs,
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited, the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or
Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong,
market misconduct, white collar crimes and anti-money laundering
activities. Mr. SUEN has been an independent non-executive director of
Sino-Ocean Group Holding Limited (stock code: 03377) since December
2015, and an independent non-executive director of Zijin Mining Group
Co., Ltd. (stock code: 02899) since December 2019. Mr. SUEN served
as an independent director of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited, a
company listed on the NASDAQ Global Market (stock code: IGTAU), from
9 December 2021 to 28 February 2023. Mr. SUEN received his master’s
degree in accountancy from the Charles Sturt University, Australia in
September 1996. He further obtained a degree of juris doctor in July 2010
and a postgraduate certificate in laws in July 2011, both from the City
University of Hong Kong. He was called to the Hong Kong Bar in February
2013. Mr. SUEN has been a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants since July 1998 and a member of the Hong
Kong Securities and Investment Institute since April 1999.
108   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                  Mr. GAO Shibin
                                  Independent non-executive Director

                                  Mr. GAO, who was born in March 1964, has been an independent non-
                                  executive Director of the Company since November 2015. Mr. GAO is
                                  currently an independent consultant of enterprise strategy and investment
                                  expansion in the real estate field. Mr. GAO served as an independent
                                  non-executive Director of the Company from July 2007 to June 2011.
                                  Mr. GAO worked for Jones Lang LaSalle Beijing from April 2003 to May
                                  2008 and was a national director before departure. He served as the
                                  managing director for China of Standard Chartered Asia Real Estate Fund
                                  Management Company from June 2008 to September 2009. He was the
                                  managing director of Tishman Speyer Properties and the general manager
                                  of its Beijing branch from October 2009 to October 2015. Mr. GAO
                                  worked as a project manager, a senior business manager and a senior
                                  investment manager for several investment and project management
                                  companies in the UK, Hong Kong and Canada between 1996 and 2003.
                                  Mr. GAO has over 25 years of experience in real estate development and
                                  investment, real estate finance and asset management. Mr. GAO obtained
                                  a bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering and a master’s degree in Building
                                  Economics and Management from Tsinghua University in 1987 and 1989,
                                  respectively. He obtained his PhD degree in Property Development and
                                  Management from the University of Manchester in the UK in 1998. Mr.
                                  GAO is a member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and an
                                  assessor of its membership qualification.



                                  Mr. ZHONG Wei
                                  Independent non-executive Director

                                  Mr. ZHONG, who was born in February 1969, has been an independent non-
                                  executive Director of the Company since August 2020. Mr. ZHONG has been
                                  a professor of the department of finance of the Business School of Beijing
                                  Normal University since July 2003. Mr. ZHONG served as an independent
                                  director of Dongxing Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai
                                  Stock Exchange, stock code: 601198) from August 2010 to March 2017, and
                                  has been an independent non-executive director of China Resources Land
                                  Limited (stock code: 01109) since April 2017, an independent non-executive
                                  director of Seazen Group Limited (stock code: 01030) since December 2014,
                                  and an independent non-executive director of Yunnan Water Investment Co.,
                                  Limited (stock code: 06839) since November 2020. Mr. ZHONG has over 20
                                  years of experience in the areas of corporate governance, finance and real
                                  estate research. Mr. ZHONG obtained a bachelor’s degree in science from
                                  the department of physics of Nanjing University in 1990, a master’s degree in
                                  management engineering from the School of Economics and Management
                                  of Southeast University in 1994, a doctoral degree in economics from Beijing
                                  Normal University in 1999, and a post-doctoral degree in management
                                  science and engineering from Tongji University in 2004.
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022         109


             Profile of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. ZHANG Hui
Senior Vice President

Mr. ZHANG, who was born in October 1970, has been a vice president
of the Company since January 2010. From March 2014 to October
2017, he was redesignated as the chief executive officer and executive
director of Jinmao Hotel and Jinmao (China) Hotel Investments and
Management Limited (a company delisted from The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited in October 2020, stock code before the delisting:
06139) and Jinmao (China) Investments Manager Limited, and he has
been redesignated as a non-executive director of these companies since
October 2017. Mr. ZHANG has served as the senior vice president of the
Company since October 2017. Mr. ZHANG is currently a director of a
number of subsidiaries of the Company including China Jin Mao (Group)
Company Limited. Mr. ZHANG joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in 2002
and held a number of senior positions including the general manager
of Shanghai Orient Terminal Co., Ltd. Before joining Sinochem Group
Co., Ltd., he worked at Shanghai Offshore Petroleum Bureau of China
Petrochemical Corporation from 1995 to 2002. Mr. ZHANG has over 25
years of experience in large-scale project development and management,
project investment planning and corporate governance. Mr. ZHANG
graduated from China University of Geosciences (Wuhan) with a bachelor’s
degree in oil and gas reservoir engineering in June 1995 and obtained
an executive master’s degree in business administration from China
Europe International Business School in September 2008. He obtained
the Professional Certificate of Specialty and Technology and was awarded
with the title of Senior Economist in December 2011. He was a delegate in
the 14th Session of the Shanghai Municipal People’s Congress.
110   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                  Mr. TAO Tianhai
                                  Senior Vice President

                                  Mr. TAO, who was born in October 1975, has been a vice president of the
                                  Company since January 2017 and a senior vice president of the Company
                                  since October 2017. Upon joining China Jin Mao (Group) Co., Ltd. in July
                                  2000, Mr. TAO has served as the manager of planning management at the
                                  corporate planning department and the general manager of the strategic
                                  planning department. He successively served as the general manager
                                  of the strategic operations department, general manager of the cost
                                  contracting department and assistant to the president of the Company
                                  from October 2009. Mr. TAO currently serves as an executive director and
                                  chairman of a number of subsidiaries of the Company, including Jinmao
                                  (Shanghai) Real Estate Co., Ltd., Franshion Properties (Hangzhou) Co.,
                                  Ltd., Franshion Properties (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. and Franshion Properties
                                  (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. Mr. TAO has more than 15 years of experience in
                                  hotel and real estate development and management, and accumulated
                                  extensive practical experience in areas of corporate management,
                                  strategic management, operations management, etc. Mr. TAO obtained
                                  a bachelor’s degree in Information Management from Northeast Normal
                                  University in July 1997 and a master’s degree in Economics from Fudan
                                  University in July 2000.
                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022          111


             Profile of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. WEI Zhe
Senior Vice President

Mr. WEI, who was born in June 1970, has been a vice president of the
Company since January 2017 and a senior vice president of the Company
since October 2017. Upon joining the Company in October 2013, he
served as an assistant to the president of the Company. He is currently
the chairman, executive director and general manager of a number of
subsidiaries of the Company, including Guangzhou Jinmao Properties Co.,
Ltd. and Foshan Maoxing Property Development Co., Ltd. Mr. WEI began
his career in July 1991. He was the deputy secretary of the Youth League
General Branch of the Design Review Office of Shaanxi Provincial Planning
Commission from July 1991 to May 1995. He worked at China State
Construction Engineering Corporation Limited from May 1995 to October
2013, during which he served as the architectural designer and the person-
in-charge of project design of China Construction Northwest Design &
Research Institute, senior architect of the planning and design centre
of China Overseas Property Group Co., Ltd., director and deputy chief
architect of China Overseas Property (Xi’an) Co., Ltd., deputy director of
design of China Overseas Property Group Co., Ltd. (North China), and
director and design director of China Overseas Property Chongqing Co.,
Ltd. He served as the general manager of China State Construction Land,
Changsha Branch and general manager of Changsha CSC Investment
Co., Ltd. from July 2011 to October 2013. Mr. WEI is a Grade-1 registered
architect and has accumulated more than 20 years of extensive experience
in design and real estate project development and management. Mr. WEI
obtained a bachelor’s degree in Architecture from North-western Institute
of Architectural Engineering in July 1991.

Mr. LIU Guanghua
Senior Vice President
Mr. LIU, who was born in March 1974, joined the Company in August 2015
as the secretary of the disciplinary committee, and has been a senior
vice president of the Company since June 2021. Mr. LIU is currently the
chairman of the board of directors of Shanghai Jin Mao Construction
& Decoration Company Limited. From July 1997 to September 2002,
Mr. LIU worked at Liaohe Oilfield Huayou Oil Company* (遼河油田
華油公司) and successively served as staff member, technician and
deputy plant manager. Mr. LIU joined Sinochem Group Co., Ltd. in
July 2004 and has successively held various management positions in
the human resources department of Sinochem Group, Sinochem Hebei
Import & Export Company* (中化河北進出口公司), Sinochem Quanzhou
Petrochemical Co., Ltd. and Sinochem Hongrun Petrochemical Co., Ltd.*
(中化弘潤石油化工有限公司). Mr. LIU has extensive practical experience
in strategic management, corporate operation and discipline inspection
and supervision. Mr. LIU obtained a bachelor’s degree in petroleum
processing from Beijing Institute of Petrochemical Technology in July 1997
and a master’s degree in business administration from Dalian University of
Technology in July 2004.
112   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Profile of Directors and Senior Management




                                  Mr. LIAO Chi Chiun
                                  Company Secretary

                                  Mr. LIAO, who was born in January 1968, has been the Chief Accountant,
                                  Qualified Accountant and Company Secretary of the Company since
                                  March 2007. Prior to joining the Company, he served as an accountant
                                  of SEA Holdings Limited between 1997 and 2006. He has over 20 years
                                  of experience in Hong Kong and PRC accounting practice relating to
                                  property leasing and development. Mr. LIAO earned a BA (Hons) degree
                                  in Accounting from De Montfort University, England in 1995. He is a fellow
                                  member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and an
                                  associate member of the HKICPA.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          113



                                            Corporate Governance Report


CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Since its establishment, the Company has been committed to enhancing the level of its corporate governance.
The Company has adopted its own code on corporate governance which sets out all code provisions and most
of the recommended best practices set out in the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix 14 to the Listing
Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”). The Company will continue to improve its corporate governance
practices, focusing on maintenance and enhancement of the management quality of the Board, internal control
and high transparency to shareholders, so as to increase the confidence of shareholders in the Company. The
Company believes that good corporate governance is crucial to maintaining its long-term healthy and sustainable
development and is vital for the interests of its shareholders.

In 2022, the Company complied with all provisions of its own code on corporate governance, except for
paragraphs F.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. Pursuant to the requirements of paragraph F.2.2 of the
Corporate Governance Code, the chairman of the Board shall attend the annual general meeting. Mr. NING
Gaoning, the then Chairman of the Company, has not been able to attend the 2021 annual general meeting of
the Company due to other business commitments. Mr. LI Congrui, an executive Director and the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, chaired the meeting on his behalf.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is accountable to the shareholders and is responsible for the Group’s overall strategy, internal control
and risk management system. In order to fulfil its responsibilities, the Board has established and adhered to
explicit operating policies and procedures, reporting hierarchy and delegated authority. The management is
authorised to handle the daily operations of the Group.

The Board is responsible for managing the overall business of the Company and overseeing the functions
performed by the subordinate special committees. In particular, the internal control practices are mainly reflected
in the following areas:

•    management and monitoring of the Group’s assets, liabilities, revenues and expenditures as well as
     proposing changes in areas critical to the Group’s performance;

•    strategic capital investments and new projects – the implementation of stringent project review and
     approval process, purchasing and tendering procedures and diligent assessment of its implementation
     upon completion;

•    financial and operational performance – through overall strategic planning, the implementation and
     maintenance of the effective financial management system and the improvement of the performance-driven
     operational monitoring system;

•    management of relationship with stakeholders of the Company – through frequent communication with
     partners, governments, customers and other parties who have legal interests in the business of the
     Company;

•    risk management – continuous risk management through review of the reports from the Audit and Risk
     Management Department to identify, evaluate and appropriately manage the risks faced by the Company;
     and
114   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      •    corporate governance – formulation and review of the Company’s corporate governance policies and
           practices; review and monitoring of the training and continuous professional development of Directors
           and senior management; review and monitoring of the Company’s policies and practices in relation to
           compliance with laws and regulatory requirements; formulation, review and monitoring of the code of
           conduct for employees and Directors; as well as review of the Company’s compliance with the Corporate
           Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

      With respect to Board diversity, the Directors have different professional backgrounds, providing professional
      advice to the Company in their respective area of expertise. As of the date of this report, the Board consisted
      of the following twelve Directors. The term of office of each of the Directors is three years from their respective
      dates of appointment:

      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
      Mr. LI Fanrong (Chairman)
      Mr. LI Fuli
      Mr. AN Hongjun
      Mr. CHENG Yong
      Mr. CHEN Chuan

      EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
      Mr. LI Congrui (Chief Executive Officer)
      Mr. JIANG Nan (Chief Financial Officer)
      Mr. SONG Liuyi (Senior Vice President)

      INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
      Mr. SU Xijia
      Mr. SUEN Man Tak
      Mr. GAO Shibin
      Mr. ZHONG Wei

      Mr. NING Gaoning, Mr. AN Hongjun, Mr. LIU Pengpeng, Mr. GAO Shibin and Mr. JIANG Nan were re-elected as
      Directors of the Company at the annual general meeting held on 8 June 2022.

      Mr. NING Gaoning resigned as a non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Company with effect from 23
      September 2022 due to reaching his retirement age. Mr. NING has confirmed that he has no disagreement with
      the Board and there are no matters relating to his resignation that need to be brought to the attention of the
      shareholders. On the same day, Mr. LI Fanrong was appointed by the Board as a non-executive Director and the
      Chairman of the Company.

      Mr. YANG Lin resigned as a non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company
      due to his other business commitments with effect from 15 June 2022. Mr. YANG has confirmed that he has no
      disagreement with the Board and there are no matters relating to his resignation that need to be brought to
      the attention of the shareholders. On the same date, Mr. LI Fuli was appointed by the Board as a non-executive
      Director and a member of the Audit Committee.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          115


                                                                       Corporate Governance Report




Mr. WANG Wei resigned as a non-executive Director and a member of the Remuneration and Nomination
Committee of the Company due to his other business commitments with effect from 28 March 2022. Mr.
WANG has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there are no matters relating to his
resignation that need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders. On the same date, Mr. LIU Pengpeng
was appointed by the Board as a non-executive Director and a member of the Remuneration and Nomination
Committee. Subsequently, Mr. LIU resigned as a non-executive Director and a member of the Remuneration and
Nomination Committee of the Company due to his other business commitments with effect from 11 November
2022. Mr. LIU has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there are no matters relating to his
resignation that need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders. On the same date, Mr. CHEN Chuan
was appointed by the Board as a non-executive Director and a member of the Remuneration and Nomination
Committee.

As of the date of this report, the composition of the special committees under the Board of the Company is as
follows:

Audit Committee: Mr. SU Xijia (Chairman), Mr. LI Fuli, Mr. AN Hongjun, Mr. SUEN Man Tak and Mr. GAO Shibin

Remuneration and Nomination Committee: Mr. ZHONG Wei (Chairman), Mr. SU Xijia, Mr. GAO Shibin, Mr.
CHENG Yong and Mr. CHEN Chuan

Strategy and Investment Committee: Mr. LI Congrui (Chairman), Mr. JIANG Nan, Mr. GAO Shibin and Mr. SONG
Liuyi

Independent Board Committee: Mr. SU Xijia (Chairman), Mr. SUEN Man Tak, Mr. GAO Shibin and Mr. ZHONG
Wei

ESG Committee: Mr. LI Congrui (Chairman), Mr. ZHONG Wei and Mr. TIAN Jiupo

Other than disclosed above, there was no change in the Company’s Directors during the Period under Review
and as at the date of this report.

Biographical details of the Directors are set out from pages 98 to 112 of this report. The Board members have
no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with each other. The Company has arranged
appropriate insurance coverage in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and reviews the
coverage of the insurance every year.

The Board has a balanced composition. Each Director possesses the knowledge, experience and expertise
required for the business operation and development of the Group. All Directors are aware that they are severally
and collectively accountable to the shareholders. They also fulfil their duties and responsibilities diligently to
make contribution to the outstanding results of the Group.

The current non-executive Directors are not involved in the Company’s daily management but they provide the
Company with a wide range of expertise and experience. Their participation in the Board and the committee
meetings brings independent judgment on issues relating to the Company’s strategies, performance, conflicts
of interest and management procedures, to ensure that adequate checks and balances are provided and the
interest of all shareholders are taken into account. The Board believes that the balance between executive and
non-executive Directors is reasonable and appropriate to safeguard the interests of shareholders, other related
parties and the Group.
116   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      As at the end of the Reporting Period and the date of this report, the Company has four independent non-
      executive Directors in compliance with the requirements that the number of independent non-executive directors
      shall account for at least one-third of the members of the board and at least one of them shall have appropriate
      financial management expertise. Each independent non-executive Director has confirmed his independence to
      the Company, and the Company is of the view that these Directors are independent of the Company under the
      guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


      The Directors have access to appropriate business documents and information about the Company on a timely
      basis. The Directors have free access to the management for enquiries and further information when necessary.
      All Directors and the special committees under the Board also have recourse to external legal counsels and other
      professionals for independent advice at the Company’s expense as and when the need arises.


      The Company believes that the composition of the Board of the Company (including the number and proportion
      of independent non-executive Directors), the channels for Directors to obtain information and resources, as well
      as the process of nomination of Directors and the implementation of the diversity policy of the Board (see the
      section headed “Rules for Nomination, Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors and Board Diversity”
      below for details) can ensure that the Board can obtain independent views and opinions.


      The Directors actively participate in continuous professional development, develop and refresh their knowledge
      and skills to ensure that their contributions to the Board remain informed and relevant. During the Reporting
      Period, all Directors participated in trainings relating to the real estate industry and forums on the digital
      technology, economic development and their interrelations as well as other related topics. The Directors
      also participated in a number of external trainings and conferences, respectively. In particular, Mr. LI Congrui
      participated in a series of trainings held by the China E-learning Academy For Leadership, including “Global
      Strategic Vision and Innovative Thinking”, “Strategic Leadership and Art of Leadership”, “Technological
      Innovation and New Technology Revolution” and “Green Finance Development and Innovation”, and read
      books such as United Action (
                                 《統一行動》     ); Mr. JIANG Nan participated in a series of thematic trainings held by
      the China E-learning Academy For Leadership, including “Financial Statements and Financial Indicators from the
      Perspective of Directors and Supervisors”, “Risk Management, Internal Control and Compliance Management”,
      “Strive for Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality, Promote High-quality Development of Enterprises” and
      “Compliance Operation of State-owned Enterprises”; Mr. SONG Liuyi participated in the trainings on “Digital
      Transformation and Innovative Implementation”, “Corporate Sustainable Growth in Complex Environment” and
      “New Capital Business Model Innovation and Top-level Design” organised by Sinochem Holdings; Mr. CHENG
      Yong participated in a series of training courses related to corporate governance, improvement of quality and
      efficiency of listed companies and improvement of duty performance ability of directors and supervisors held
      by Sinochem Holdings; Mr. CHEN Chuan read books such as Post-pandemic Era – Major Restructuring (
                                                                                                     《後疫
               ), Zero Carbon Society (
      情時代 － 大重構》                          ) and Perspectives of Lee Kuan Yew (
                                     《零碳社會》                                         ), and
                                                                             《李光耀觀天下》
      participated in trainings such as “Financial Innovation and Risk Management”, “Corporate Risk and Internal
      Control” and “PMP Project Management Certification Training”; Mr. AN Hongjun participated in trainings and
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022          117


                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




meetings such as the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange SPAC New Listing System”, “Hong Kong Crypto Regulation
Rules”, “Interpretation of Infrastructure Public REITs Policy and Practical Points” and “HKMA Green and
Sustainable Finance Training”; Mr. GAO Shibin participated in online lectures or trainings held by Tsinghua
University, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and other organisers on topics including “Green, Low-
carbon and Innovative Development”, “Real Estate Transformation and High-quality Development”, “Residential
Market and Urban Renewal”, “Real Estate Investment and Digital Transformation”, “Real Estate Investment Funds
and Cases”, “Research and Cases of Healthy Living and Working Environment”, “Asset Operation and Industrial
Real Estate” and “The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors Chairman Examination Officer Training”; Mr.
ZHONG Wei participated in a series of trainings for independent directors with the theme of ESG anti-corruption
held by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; Mr. SUEN Man Tak participated in trainings and meetings held by the
Hong Kong Institute of Directors and the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, including “Recent
Updates on the Listing Rules and Corporate Governance Code”, “How to bring benefits and value of ESG
policies to the Company and stakeholders” and “SFC Investor Compensation and Remedies”.


BOARD MEETINGS
The Board holds meetings regularly to review the financial performance of the Company, significant issues and
other matters that require decisions of the Board.


The Company has made proper arrangements to give all Directors the opportunity to present matters for
discussion in the agenda of each Board meeting. All Directors are given the meeting agenda and relevant
documents prior to each Board meeting.


The Board office of the Company assists in preparing agenda for Board meetings and ensures that all applicable
rules and regulations regarding the meetings are followed.


Apart from the consent obtained through circulation of 18 written resolutions to all Board members, during
the Period under Review, the Board held eight meetings, during which the Directors considered and approved
various matters, mainly including the 2021 annual report and the 2022 interim report of the Company, China
Jinmao’s 2021 environmental, social and governance report, authorisation of domestic and foreign debt financing
for 2023, the conditional special dividend by way of distribution in specie mandate, the privatisation scheme of
China VAST and related matters, the scrip dividend mandate, the 2022 work report on Corporate Governance
Improvement and Implementation of Powers and Duties of the Board of Directors and the four policy documents,
renewal of the factoring service framework agreement and the continuing connected transactions contemplated
thereunder with Sinochem Factoring, renewal of the financial services framework agreement and the continuing
connected transactions contemplated thereunder with Sinochem Finance, renewal of the financial services
framework agreement and the continuing connected transactions contemplated thereunder with Ping An member
companies. In addition, the Directors regularly review the relevant matters of corporate governance, including
118   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      review of the Company’s compliance with the policies and practices on laws and regulatory requirements,
      training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, code of conduct for
      employees and Directors and the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code. Meeting and
      resolution participation of each Director during 2022 is set out below:


                                                                   Meeting        Meeting          Total      Resolution
                                                                  attended      attendance     number of    participation
       Position                             Name                  in person           rate    resolutions           rate

       Non-executive Director               Mr. NING Gaoning*           3/6           50%          28/28           100%
       Non-executive Director               Mr. LI Fanrong*             1/1          100%             7/7          100%
       Non-executive Director               Mr. YANG Lin*               2/5           40%          21/21           100%
       Non-executive Director               Mr. LI Fuli*                2/2          100%          14/14           100%
       Non-executive Director               Mr. AN Hongjun              4/8           50%          39/39           100%
       Non-executive Director               Mr. CHENG Yong              4/8           50%          35/35           100%
       Non-executive Director               Mr. WANG Wei*               0/0              –            3/3          100%
       Non-executive Director               Mr. LIU Pengpeng*           3/3          100%          22/22           100%
       Non-executive Director               Mr. CHEN Chuan*             1/1          100%             6/6          100%
       Executive Director                   Mr. LI Congrui              8/8          100%          39/39           100%
       Executive Director                   Mr. JIANG Nan               8/8          100%          39/39           100%
       Executive Director                   Mr. SONG Liuyi              4/8           50%          39/39           100%
       Independent non-executive Director   Mr. SU Xijia                4/8           50%          39/39           100%
       Independent non-executive Director   Mr. SUEN Man Tak            4/8           50%          39/39           100%
       Independent non-executive Director   Mr. GAO Shibin              4/8           50%          39/39           100%
       Independent non-executive Director   Mr. ZHONG Wei               4/8           50%          39/39           100%

      * Mr. NING Gaoning resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 23 September 2022, and
        Mr. LI Fanrong was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on the same day; Mr. YANG Lin resigned
        as a non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 15 June 2022, and Mr. LI Fuli was appointed as a non-
        executive Director of the Company on the same day; Mr. WANG Wei resigned as a non-executive Director of the
        Company on 28 March 2022, and Mr. LIU Pengpeng was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on
        the same day; Mr. LIU Pengpeng resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 11 November
        2022, and Mr. CHEN Chuan was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on the same day.


      The Directors are given sufficient information both at meetings and at regular intervals so that they can maintain
      effective control over strategic, financial, operational, compliance and corporate governance issues. They also
      have unrestricted access to independent professional advice and the advice and services from the Company
      Secretary to ensure compliance with all procedures of the Board meetings. The Company Secretary keeps
      minutes of each meeting of the Board and the subordinate committees, which are available to all Directors for
      review at any time.


      The Company continuously updates all Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
      other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance with the requirements by the Directors, and to
      maintain good corporate governance practices.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022          119


                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are held by different persons.


Mr. NING Gaoning served as a non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Company from 12 May 2016 to 22
September 2022. Mr. LI Fanrong has been serving as a non-executive Director and the Chairman of the Company
since 23 September 2022. Mr. LI Congrui was appointed as the Vice President of the Company in April 2009 and
has been serving as an executive Director of the Company since 17 June 2011. He resigned as the Vice President
of the Company and was redesignated as an executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer with effect from
16 January 2013.


There is a clear division of these two positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company to
ensure a balanced distribution of power and authority. The Chairman of the Company is responsible for leading
and supervising the operation of the Board and providing leadership to the Board in terms of formulating
overall strategies, business directions and policies of the Company. The Chairman of the Company also makes
effective plans for Board meetings and ensures that the Board acts in the best interests of the Company and its
shareholders. The Chief Executive Officer of the Company is directly responsible for the management of daily
operation of the Company, formulation and execution of policies of the Company, and reports to the Board
for the overall operation of the Company. The Chief Executive Officer also advises the Board on any significant
developments and issues.


RULES FOR NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF
DIRECTORS AND BOARD DIVERSITY
The Company has a set of formal, prudent and transparent procedures for the appointment and succession of
Directors. According to the Articles of Association of the Company, a Director shall be appointed or removed
by an ordinary resolution at the general meeting; the Board has the right to appoint any Director to fill a casual
vacancy or appoint a new member to the Board, subject to re-election by the shareholders at the first annual
general meeting immediately after the appointment. All Directors (including executive and non-executive
Directors) of the Company are appointed for a term of three years. A Director may be re-elected at the general
meeting after expiration of his/her term.


According to the Articles of Association of the Company, a Director shall be recommended by the Board or
be nominated by any shareholder (other than the person to be nominated) of the Company who is entitled to
exercise voting rights at a general meeting during the period from the date of despatch of the notice of the
general meeting to 7 days before the date on which such general meeting is duly convened. The Remuneration
and Nomination Committee of the Company will also provide advice to the Board in respect of the nomination.
Qualifications and competence of the nominees should be taken into consideration during nomination.


To achieve sustainable and balanced development, the Company considers that having a diversified Board is
crucial to fulfilling its strategic objectives and achieving sustainable development. In determining the composition
of the Board, the Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors. All
Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The selection of candidates by the Company is
based on a number of criteria on diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based
on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. During the Reporting Period, the
120   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      Remuneration and Nomination Committee made recommendations to the Board with respect to the re-election
      of Directors having due regard for the above diversity requirements. The Board reviewed the current composition
      of Board diversity and confirmed that the members of the Board of the Company have diversified backgrounds,
      professional experience and skills, including property development and investment, corporate management,
      capital market, law, financial accounting and financial investment. The Board is committed to gender diversity of
      Board members. For future appointment and re-appointment, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee will
      also make recommendations to the Board with respect to the appointment of Directors according to the diversity
      policy of the Company so as to promote gender diversity of Board members, and appoint at least one Director
      of different gender by 31 December 2024 so as to achieve Board diversity and the best interests of shareholders
      as a whole on an ongoing basis. For male and female employees who have the experience, skills and knowledge
      required for operations and business, the Group will provide comprehensive training, including but not limited
      to operations, management, accounting, finance, compliance, etc. The Board believes that the above strategies
      can provide opportunities for the Board to select capable female employees to be nominated as members of the
      Board in the future, which will further promote the gender diversity of the Board in the long run.


      The diversity of the Board is set out below:


       Age

       40 – 49                                                                                                5 persons
       50 – 59                                                                                                5 persons
       60 or above                                                                                            2 persons


       Term of directorship

       5 years or less                                                                                        6 persons
       more than 5 years – 10 years                                                                           2 persons
       more than 10 years                                                                                     4 persons


       Roles

       Executive Director                                                                                     3 persons
       Non-executive Director                                                                                 5 persons
       Independent non-executive Director                                                                     4 persons


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS
      Each Director is required to keep abreast of his responsibilities as a Director and of the operation and business
      activities of the Company from time to time. Non-executive Directors have the same duties of care and skills as
      executive Directors.


      The non-executive Directors of the Company have sufficient experience and talent and fully participate in the
      Board to fulfil the functions specified in the provisions C.1.2(a) to (d) of the Corporate Governance Code.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          121


                                                                       Corporate Governance Report




RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Board is responsible for the preparation of financial statements of each financial year, which give a true and
fair view of the operating results and financial status of the Company. In preparing the financial statements, the
Directors of the Company have selected and applied appropriate accounting policies, and have made prudent
and reasonable judgments.


The statement of the auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is
set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” on page 169.


THE SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD
In order to review the specific matters, the Company has established five special committees under the Board,
namely the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, the Audit Committee, the Independent Board Committee,
ESG Committee and the Strategy and Investment Committee.


REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE
As of the date of this report, the members of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Company
are Mr. ZHONG Wei, Mr. SU Xijia and Mr. GAO Shibin as independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. CHENG
Yong and Mr. CHEN Chuan as non-executive Directors. The chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination
Committee is Mr. ZHONG Wei. Mr. WANG Wei has resigned as a member of the Remuneration and Nomination
Committee on 28 March 2022, and Mr. LIU Pengpeng has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration
and Nomination Committee with effect from the same day. Mr. LIU Pengpeng has resigned as a member of the
Remuneration and Nomination Committee on 11 November 2022, and Mr. CHEN Chuan has been appointed as a
member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee with effect from the same day.


The functions of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee include:


–   to review the size and composition of the Board at least annually based on the operation, scale of assets and
    shareholding structure of the Company, and make recommendations to the Board;


–   to examine the standards and procedures for election of candidates for Directors and senior management
    and make recommendations; review the qualifications and abilities of candidates for directorship and
    management and make recommendations;


–   to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


–   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policies, share option/incentive schemes
    for Directors and senior management and on the establishment of formal and transparent procedures for
    developing such policies; and


–   to determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of all executive Directors and senior
    management; to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
    corporate strategies, policies and objectives; and make recommendations in respect of the remuneration of
    the non-executive Directors to the Board.
122   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      The Remuneration and Nomination Committee may seek professional advice if necessary and will be provided
      with sufficient resources to perform its duties.


      In 2022, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee’s determination of remuneration packages and approval
      of incentive proposals included the following:


      –     assessed the performance of executive Directors;


      –     determined the remuneration packages of Directors and senior management based on the results
            performance of the Company and with reference to the market rates;


      –     made recommendations to the Board with respect to the re-election of Directors according to the policies
            and procedures for nomination of Directors with due regards to election and recommendation criteria
            including gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge.


      The Remuneration and Nomination Committee entered into 8 written resolutions in respect of the above matters
      in 2022. Resolution participation of each member is set out below:


                                                                                   Total number            Resolution
          Position                                       Name                      of resolutions   participation rate

          Independent non-executive Director             Mr. ZHONG Wei                        9/9                100%
          Independent non-executive Director             Mr. SU Xijia                         9/9                100%
          Independent non-executive Director             Mr. GAO Shibin                       9/9                100%
          Non-executive Director                         Mr. CHENG Yong                       9/9                100%
          Non-executive Director                         Mr. WANG Wei*                        2/2                100%
          Non-executive Director                         Mr. LIU Pengpeng*                    3/3                100%
          Non-executive Director                         Mr. CHEN Chuan*                      2/2                100%


      *     Mr. WANG Wei has resigned as a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee on 28 March 2022, and
            Mr. LIU Pengpeng has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee with effect
            from the same day. Mr. LIU Pengpeng has resigned as a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
            on 11 November 2022, and Mr. CHEN Chuan has been appointed as a member of the Remuneration and Nomination
            Committee with effect from the same day.


      THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
      The Audit Committee of the Company is responsible for communicating with management and internal and
      external auditors, as well as reviewing and overseeing the Company’s financial reporting and audit procedures
      jointly with them. As of the date of this report, the members of the Audit Committee are Mr. SU Xijia, Mr. SUEN
      Man Tak and Mr. GAO Shibin as independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. LI Fuli and Mr. AN Hongjun as
      non-executive Directors. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. SU Xijia. Mr. YANG Lin has resigned as a
      member of the Audit Committee on 15 June 2022, and Mr. LI Fuli has been appointed as a member of the Audit
      Committee with effect from the same day.


      All members of the Audit Committee have financial backgrounds, which enable them to precisely assess the
      financial conditions, compliance and risk exposure of the Company, as well as to impartially perform their duties
      and responsibilities.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          123


                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




The functions of the Audit Committee include:


–   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external
    auditor, to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and to deal with any
    issues in respect of resignation or dismissal of the auditor;


–   to discuss the nature and scope of the audit and the relevant reporting responsibilities with the external
    auditor before auditing, and to review and examine whether the external auditor is independent and
    objective and whether the audit procedures are effective according to applicable standards;


–   to develop and implement policies on the engagement of external auditors for non-audit services, and report
    and make recommendations to the Board with respect to any actions to be taken or areas for improvement;


–   to monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, reports and accounts, interim reports and
    quarterly reports (if any), and to review significant opinions regarding financial reporting contained therein,
    to consider any material matters or unusual matters that are reflected or are required to be reflected in such
    reports and accounts, and to consider any matters proposed by the person in charge of accounting and
    finance work, compliance officer or auditor of the Company as appropriate;


–   to review the financial control of the Company and review the risk management and internal control system
    of the Company, to discuss the risk management and internal control system with the management to ensure
    that the management has performed its duties in establishing an effective system, and to examine the
    material investigation findings and the management’s responses in respect of risk management and internal
    control matters;


–   to ensure coordination between internal and external auditors, and to ensure that the internal audit function
    is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its
    effectiveness;


–   to review the Company’s financial and accounting policies and practices, to review the external auditor’s
    management letter, to timely respond to any queries raised by the management and the Board, and to report
    to the Board as and when necessary;


–   to have the right to establish a system for direct reporting by employees of the Company, to conduct
    investigations on any abnormalities of the Company in the manner as it considers necessary and appropriate,
    and to report to the Board as and when necessary. The committee shall also have the right to direct
    the Company to make proper arrangements for such issues, including conducting fair and independent
    investigations and taking appropriate actions; and


–   to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relation with the external auditor.
124   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      In 2022, the financial reporting and control reviews undertaken by the Audit Committee included the following:

      –     reviewed the integrity and accuracy of the 2021 annual report, the 2022 interim report and formal
            announcements relating to the Group’s financial performance;

      –     reviewed the 2022 work report and 2023 work plans for internal audit and internal control of the Company,
            confirmed the effectiveness of the internal audit and internal control functions, and carried out profound
            communication and discussion on strengthening the capacity building of internal audit teams, enhancing the
            application of big data and information technology, and conducting front-line work research; and

      –     reviewed the annual pre-audit results, profit forecast, audit strategies and significant issues for 2022.

      The Audit Committee held three meetings in 2022. Resolution participation of each member is set out below:


                                                                                        Total number             Resolution
          Position                                          Name                        of resolutions    participation rate

          Independent non-executive Director                Mr. SU Xijia                           3/3                  100%
          Non-executive Director                            Mr. YANG Lin*                          1/1                  100%
          Non-executive Director                            Mr. LI Fuli*                           2/2                  100%
          Non-executive Director                            Mr. AN Hongjun                         3/3                  100%
          Independent non-executive Director                Mr. SUEN Man Tak                       3/3                  100%
          Independent non-executive Director                Mr. GAO Shibin                         3/3                  100%

      *     Mr. YANG Lin has resigned as a member of the Audit Committee on 15 June 2022, and Mr. LI Fuli has been
            appointed as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from the same day.


      The chief financial officer, the deputy chief financial officer, the qualified accountant and the auditor of the
      Company attended all these meetings including the three meetings which reviewed the integrity and accuracy
      of the Company’s 2021 annual report, 2022 interim report and formal announcements relating to the Group’s
      financial performance.

      INDEPENDENT BOARD COMMITTEE
      During the Period under Review and as of the date of this report, the members of the Independent Board
      Committee of the Company are Mr. SU Xijia, Mr. SUEN Man Tak, Mr. GAO Shibin and Mr. ZHONG Wei. The
      chairman of the Independent Board Committee is Mr. SU Xijia. All members are independent non-executive
      Directors.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022         125


                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




The functions of the Independent Board Committee include:

–     to discuss whether to exercise the independent options granted by Sinochem Group to the Company
      pursuant to the Non-competition Undertaking dated 26 July 2007, and to discuss any business in connection
      with the Non-competition Undertaking or any redevelopment business in relation to the properties held by
      Sinochem Group, and any new business opportunities or property redevelopment opportunities of which the
      Company is notified by Sinochem Group in writing;

–     to formulate and implement policies in relation to the appointment of an independent financial adviser or
      other professional advisers regarding the exercise of options and the pursuit of new business opportunities;

–     for connected transactions and transactions subject to independent shareholders’ approval under the Listing
      Rules, or spin-off listing arrangements subject to approval under the Listing Rules, to examine whether the
      terms thereunder are fair and reasonable, and in the interest of the Group and its shareholders as a whole,
      and to make recommendations to the Board; and

–     to review continuing connected transactions every year and make confirmation in the annual reports and
      accounts of the Company.

The Independent Board Committee held one meeting and entered into two written resolutions in 2022. It
considered the independent option over Shimao Investment as granted by Sinochem Group, and resolved not
to exercise the option over Shimao Investment for the time being and to make relevant disclosure in the 2021
annual report and 2022 interim report; confirmed various continuing connected transactions of the Company in
2021; considered the renewal of the financial services framework agreements by the Company with Sinochem
Finance and Ping An member companies, respectively, and the continuing connected transactions and major
transaction caps thereunder. Resolution participation of each member is set out below:


                                                                             Total number            Resolution
    Position                                       Name                      of resolutions   participation rate

    Independent non-executive Director             Mr. SU Xijia                         5/5                100%
    Independent non-executive Director             Mr. SUEN Man Tak                     5/5                100%
    Independent non-executive Director             Mr. GAO Shibin                       5/5                100%
    Independent non-executive Director             Mr. ZHONG Wei                        5/5                100%
126   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
      During the Period under Review and up to the date of this report, the members of the Strategy and Investment
      Committee of the Company are executive Directors Mr. LI Congrui, Mr. JIANG Nan, Mr. SONG Liuyi and
      independent non-executive Director Mr. GAO Shibin. The chairman of the Strategy and Investment Committee is
      Mr. LI Congrui.

      The functions of the Strategy and Investment Committee include:

      –     to study and formulate the Company’s growth strategies and investment performance standards, and
            supervise and monitor the management’s execution of the Company’s growth strategies; and

      –     to review the new project investment proposals submitted by the management according to the Company’s
            growth strategies and investment performance standards.

      The Strategy and Investment Committee entered into 28 written resolutions in 2022. It considered and approved
      various issues, including a number of investment feasibility research reports, equity/assets acquisitions and
      disposals, etc. Resolution participation of each member is set out below:


                                                                                   Total number            Resolution
          Position                                       Name                      of resolutions   participation rate

          Executive Director                             Mr. LI Congrui                    40/40                100%
          Executive Director                             Mr. JIANG Nan                     40/40                100%
          Executive Director                             Mr. SONG Liuyi                    40/40                100%
          Independent non-executive Director             Mr. GAO Shibin                    40/40                100%


      ESG COMMITTEE
      During the Period under Review and up to the date of this report, the members of the ESG Committee of the
      Company are Mr. LI Congrui, an executive Director, Mr. ZHONG Wei, an independent non-executive Director,
      and Mr. TIAN Jiupo, Vice President and CTO. The chairman of the ESG Committee is Mr. LI Congrui.

      The functions of the ESG Committee include:

      –     Responsible for formulating and regularly reviewing the Company’s ESG vision, objectives, strategies and
            policies;

      –     Responsible for monitoring the Company’s ESG risk management, material issues, target progress, and
            communication with stakeholders; and

      –     to review the Company’s annual ESG report for the Board’s consideration, approval and disclosure.

      The ESG Committee may seek professional advice if necessary and will be provided with sufficient resources to
      perform its duties.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          127


                                                                       Corporate Governance Report




The ESG Committee entered into 3 written resolutions in 2022. It considered and approved 3 issues, including
formulation of the ESG Committee governance code, formulation and promulgation of 7 sustainable
development policy documents such as the Environmental Protection Policy of China Jinmao, the 2021
environmental, social and governance report and the ESG work progress report of the Company. Resolution
participation of each member is set out below:


                                                                             Total number            Resolution
Position                                        Name                        of resolutions    participation rate

 Executive Director                              Mr. LI Congrui                         3/3                100%
 Independent non-executive Director              Mr. ZHONG Wei                          3/3                100%
 CTO                                             Mr. TIAN Jiupo                         3/3                100%


EXTERNAL AUDITOR
In 2022, the remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s auditor, Ernst & Young, for the audit and non-audit
services amounted to HK$17,196,000 and HK$4,446,000, respectively. The fees for non-audit services provided
by Ernst & Young to the Group were mainly in relation to the fees for the review services on the interim financial
reports, the services on continuing connected transactions and other professional services.

INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board takes responsibilities for the risk management and internal control systems and is responsible for
reviewing the effectiveness of such systems. In 2022, the Directors and the Audit Committee of the Company
respectively listened to the special reporting on the Company’s internal and external audit and the internal
control work summary report, and continued to communicate directly with the personnel from the finance
department, the internal audit department, the legal and compliance department and the strategic operations
department with respect to key tasks including evaluating the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management,
operations and compliance management, financial management and internal control systems, and made specific
guiding opinions and requirements.

The Company has in place comprehensive internal audit functions and, through its internal control department,
conducts regular audits, including annual routine audit, departure audit and special audit where the scope of
audits covers all aspects including the execution of the Group’s internal regulations and procedures, finance,
cost, tender and procurement, project quality, strategic operations, marketing, design, customer service and
HSE management to prevent assets from inappropriate use. The Company also maintains proper accounts and
ensures that relevant regulations are complied with. In 2022, the internal audit department of the Company
carried out 10 economic responsibility audits, 11 internal control audits, 15 special audits and 45 training
sessions. The above measures aim to manage but not eliminate relevant risks and the above measures can only
provide reasonable but not absolute assurance to the achievement of business objectives.
128   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      The Company has formulated a complete system concerning risk identification, assessment and management,
      and constantly made amendments and updates to the system. Various departments at the headquarters are
      responsible for executing the professional risk assessment, management and monitoring procedures, including
      87 management standards, 98 management rules and 71 reference guidelines in 17 categories on integrated
      management, human resources management, strategic operation and management, financial fund management,
      investment expansion management, industrial city management, design management, cost management, tender
      and procurement management, marketing management, customer resource management, HSE management,
      quality management, audit and legal affairs management, innovation management, party and masses
      management and discipline inspection management which comprehensively cover various risks associated with
      property related business and development of the Company. In addition, environmental, social and governance
      risks are also one of the important risk categories that the Company pays attention to in its comprehensive risk
      management system. The identified risk issues including bribery and corruption, business ethics, product quality
      and safety, occupational health and safety, etc. are included in the Company’s overall risk assessment and
      monitoring process. In 2022, among all procedures reviewed, managed and monitored by the headquarters of
      the Company, executive Directors gave 7,370 approvals in total, all of which were completed via the electronic
      online approval system.


      The Company has in place a regulated, sound and effective internal control system. The headquarters of the
      Company is responsible for making annual amendments to the organisational structure, the accountability
      system and institutional documents on a rolling basis, and optimising the management hierarchy and approval
      procedures. It added 34 new management standards, management rules and reference guidelines, revised
      the management standards, management rules and reference guidelines 199 times and revised the terms of
      accountabilities 4 times in 2022. At the same time, it endeavours to strengthen the IT system development,
      enhance the process monitoring and risk management in the course of business execution, and continuously
      improve the internal control system. In addition to regular internal audit and inspection of the accountability
      system by the internal audit department of our headquarters to ensure that the internal control system of the
      Company is in smooth operation as a whole, all the companies under the Group also regularly implement self-
      examination of the internal control system as part of their routine internal control efforts. In addition, the routine
      control measures also include the following: i) professional committees comprising the senior management and
      the relevant persons-in-charge from the headquarters’ functional departments of the Company are established
      by the Company to regularly review the management of internal controls of the Company, such as budget and
      assessment, operation, quality and safety, investment as well as customer research and services, and to report to
      the senior management, and to decide and account for the same. In 2022, the five professional committees of
      the Company convened 38 regular and ad hoc meetings to consider and approve the enhancement initiatives for
      the management of a number of professional line functions and the decisions on key achievements of projects;
      ii) evaluation of the Group’s comprehensive operating results, strategic progress and performance is carried
      out by the strategic operations department of the headquarters on a quarterly, semi-annual and annual basis,
      the reports of which are subject to the collective review and approval by the management of the Company. The
      supervision list of key matters is distributed to the relevant subordinate units for implementation and rectification
      within a specified period. This forms an efficient internal control feedback mechanism of the Company. The
      internal control system of the Company fully covers the major matters of the Company’s operations and high risk
      areas that draw close attention, such that any material risks and deficiencies can be evaluated, supplemented
      and rectified in a timely manner.


      After careful evaluation, the Directors of the Company all consider that the Group’s existing risk management
      and internal control system is effective and adequate.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022           129


                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




CORPORATE CULTURE
The Company has formulated a corporate culture that is consistent with long-term development goals, values
and strategies, including the corporate vision of unleashing the future vitality of the city, the corporate mission of
building quality for better life; and the internal values and behaviour requirements of honesty and cooperation,
customer orientation, entrepreneurship and innovation, and pursuit of excellence. Directors have always set a
role model and are committed to the promotion and implementation of corporate culture. During the Reporting
Period, centring around the theme of “Year of Project Management Improvement”, organisations at all levels
of the Company carried out a variety of corporate culture-themed activities combined with actual business
operations. Upholding the propaganda mission of “raising the banner, gathering people’s hearts, cultivating
new talents, invigorating culture, and displaying image”, the Company created a cultural atmosphere of hard
work, compliant operation and active contribution through various evaluation and sharing activities, effectively
enhancing the cohesion and working strength of all employees of the Company.


INSIDE INFORMATION
The Company has taken prudent measures in handling inside information, for which the Company has formulated
effective confidentiality systems and measures, such as the formulation of the “Board Performance Support and
Listing Compliance Management System of China Jinmao” (                   ), which
                                                     《中國金茂董事會履職保障及上市合規管理制度》
provides in details that inside information shall be kept strictly confidential prior to public disclosure, among
which the personnel who have access to inside information must ensure confidentiality of the information, and
should not, in any manner, divulge the information of the Company to external parties without authorisation.
Besides, consultants and intermediaries engaged by the Company shall enter into strict confidentiality
agreements with the Company to ensure the inside information is properly handled. At the same time, to ensure
the inside information is disclosed in a timely and proper manner, any matters that constitute inside information
must be first reviewed by the compliance officers and investor relations officers of the Company and obtain
consent from the relevant executive Directors before due disclosure.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) contained in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules to regulate directors’ securities transactions. Having made
specific enquiries to all Directors, all Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the requirements set
out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2022.


All employees of the Group shall comply with the “Board Performance Support and Listing Compliance
Management System of China Jinmao” formulated by the Company with reference to the requirements set out in
Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules in their dealings in the securities of the Company.


RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS
Shareholders have the right to raise questions and make suggestions on the business of the Company. All
shareholders shall have equal rights according to their respective shareholding and assume corresponding
obligations. Shareholders are entitled to get access to and participate in the material matters of the Company as
prescribed by laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company.
130   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      MOVING A RESOLUTION AT AN ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
      Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), a shareholder may
      submit a written requisition to move a resolution at an annual general meeting if it has received requests that it
      do so from:


      (a) the members of the Company representing at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all the members who
         have a right to vote on the resolution at the annual general meeting to which the requests relate; or


      (b) at least 50 members who have a right to vote on the resolution at the annual general meeting to which the
         requests relate.


      A request -


      (a) may be sent to the Company in hard copy form or in electronic form;


      (b) must identify the resolution of which notice is to be given;


      (c) must be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and


      (d) must be received by the Company not later than -


         (i) six weeks before the annual general meeting to which the requests relate; or


         (ii) if later, the time at which notice is given of that meeting.


      PROPOSING A CANDIDATE FOR ELECTION AS A DIRECTOR
      Pursuant to paragraph (2)(b) of Article 77 of the Articles of Association of the Company, if a shareholder wishes to
      propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as a Director at a general meeting, the shareholder
      should give the Company Secretary a written notice of his intention to propose a resolution for the appointment
      or reappointment of the person as a Director of the Company and a notice executed by that person of his
      willingness to be appointed or re-appointed, no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the
      general meeting and no later than seven days prior to the date fixed for such general meeting.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022       131


                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




CONVENING A GENERAL MEETING
Pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), a general meeting
may be called upon if the company has received requests to do so from members of the company representing
at least 5% of the total voting rights of all the members having a right to vote at general meetings.


(a) A request -


   (i) must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting; and


   (ii) may include the text of a resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the
       meeting;


(b) Requests may consist of several documents in like form; and


(c) A request -


   (i) may be sent to the Company in hard copy form or in electronic form; and


   (ii) must be authenticated by the person or persons making it.


SHAREHOLDERS’ ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
Enquiries from shareholders to the Board may be directed to us by the means as stated in the section under
“Corporate Information” in this report.


GENERAL MEETING
The Company maintains and facilitates exchange and communication between shareholders and the Board
through a number of communication methods, including general meetings, announcements and circulars to
shareholders, interim reports and annual reports, as well as the official website. Shareholders may send relevant
questions or information and their contact details to the Investor Relations mailing address published on the
Company’s official website if they have any opinions or suggestions on the Company. The Investor Relations
Department of the Company is responsible for contacting and giving feedback to shareholders in a timely
manner. The Company uses its best endeavours to listen, understand and respond to shareholders’ feedback.


The Company held an annual general meeting on 8 June 2022, which considered and approved the audited
financial statements, the report of the Directors and the auditor’s report for the year ended 31 December 2021;
re-elected Mr. NING Gaoning, Mr. AN Hongjun, Mr. LIU Pengpeng, Mr. GAO Shibin and Mr. JIANG Nan as
Directors of the Company; authorised the Board of the Company to determine the remuneration of Directors of
the Company; re-appointed Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company and authorised the Board to determine
its remuneration; and considered and approved the general mandate to issue shares and repurchase shares.
Save for non-executive Directors Mr. NING Gaoning, Mr. YANG Lin, Mr. CHENG Yong and Mr. AN Hongjun who
were unable to attend the meeting due to other business commitments, all of the remaining Directors attended
the annual general meeting held on 8 June 2022.
132   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Corporate Governance Report




      The Company held an extraordinary general meeting on 17 February 2022, which considered and approved the
      grant of a mandate to the Directors of the Company to make a distribution in specie of no more than 309,320,870
      ordinary shares of Jinmao Services to the qualifying shareholders as a conditional special dividend. Save for non-
      executive Directors Mr. NING Gaoning, Mr. YANG Lin and Mr. CHENG Yong, and executive Directors Mr. LI
      Congrui and Mr. SONG Liuyi, who were unable to attend the meeting due to other business commitments, all of
      the remaining Directors attended the extraordinary general meeting held on 17 February 2022.


      The Company held an extraordinary general meeting on 27 September 2022, which approved and adopted the
      scrip dividend scheme, i.e. generally and unconditionally authorised and approved the exercise by the Board of
      the Company of the power contained in Article 119 of the Company’s Articles of Association to offer ordinary
      shareholders the right to choose to receive new ordinary shares of the Company, which are credited as fully
      paid up, instead of the whole or part of their cash dividend, in respect of some or all of the dividends (including,
      without limitation, any final and/or interim dividends) which may be declared or paid in the period up to and
      including the annual general meeting of the Company which is held in the fifth year after the date on which the
      resolution is passed. Save for non-executive Directors Mr. LI Fanrong, Mr. LI Fuli, Mr. CHENG Yong and Mr. LIU
      Pengpeng, executive Directors Mr. LI Congrui and Mr. SONG Liuyi, and an independent non-executive Director
      Mr. SU Xijia, who were unable to attend the meeting due to other business commitments, all of the remaining
      Directors attended the extraordinary general meeting held on 27 September 2022.


      The Company held an extraordinary general meeting on 23 December 2022, which considered and approved
      the deposit services, loan services and financing factoring services (including the maximum daily balance of
      each service) contemplated under the financial services framework agreement between the Company and
      various subsidiaries of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd., and the deposit services (including
      the maximum daily balance of the total deposits) contemplated under the renewed financial services framework
      agreement between the Company and Sinochem Finance Co., Ltd. Save for non-executive Directors Mr. LI
      Fanrong, Mr. LI Fuli, Mr. CHENG Yong and Mr. AN Hongjun, and an executive Director Mr. LI Congrui, who were
      unable to attend the meeting due to other business commitments, all of the remaining Directors attended the
      extraordinary general meeting held on 23 December 2022.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          133



                                                            Report of the Directors


The Board presents its report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2022.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company, and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are focusing on
city operations, property development, technology and services, commercial leasing, retail operations and hotel
operations. Details of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 4 to the financial statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
For details of the business operations, future business development and major risks faced by the Company
during the Reporting Period, please refer to the section headed “Chairman’s Statement” from pages 8 to 13, and
the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” from pages 16 to 80 in this report.

For details of the environmental policies and performance of the Company during the Reporting Period, please
refer to the section headed “Sustainable Development” from pages 84 to 97 in this report.

For details of the material relationship between the Company and its employees, customers, suppliers and other
persons of significant influence to the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to the section headed
“Sustainable Development” from pages 84 to 97 in this report.

The above discussion forms part of the Report of the Directors.

Taking into account the laws, regulations, policies and documents that have a material impact on the business
of the Company, including but not limited to the “Civil Code of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Land
Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Urban Real Estate Administration Law of the People’s
Republic of China”, the “Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China”, the “Measures on the Administration
of Sale of Commodity Houses”, the “Company Law of the People’s Republic of China” and foreign-invested
related laws and regulations, as well as the documents issued by relevant government authorities from time
to time including the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural
Development, the Ministry of Finance, the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the People’s Bank of
China (the “PBOC”), the Company confirmed that, during the Reporting Period, there were no circumstances
of administrative punishments or inspections by relevant government authorities as a result of violation of
laws, regulations, policies and documents that have material impact on the business of the Company, and the
Company and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The Company has
formulated the comprehensive administration standards and approval procedures for legal affairs and continued
to revise them for improvement. In 2022, the Group reviewed and approved a total of 22,891 contracts according
to the standardised procedures via the network office automation platform with a rate of 100% of the contracts
reviewed by legal specialists, and avoided contract default risks through ongoing supervision of contract
execution. In addition, in 2022, the Company organised 115 legal publicity trainings for employees, including
professional trainings on urban operation project acquisition and management and control of performance risks,
listing compliance, prevention of legal risks regarding advertisements and publicity, management and control
of engineering performance risks; amended the Manual for Legal Risk Prevention and Control of Investment/
Design/Engineering/Cost Bidding/Marketing/Customer Relations issued in 2018, which introduced the major risks
that the Company should focus on in investment, design, engineering, etc., and put forward legal risk prevention
and control suggestions, so as to ensure continuously effective operation of the legal risk prevention and control
system of the Company by making sure that the employees of the Company are aware of and in compliance with
the relevant laws and regulations, related major risks and solutions when discharging their duties.
134   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
      Details of the Group’s results for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of
      profit or loss on page 176 of this report.

      The dividend distribution policy of the Company is to distribute dividend to its shareholders when the Group
      records profit for a financial period. The dividend to be distributed to shareholders will be determined based
      on the profit attributable to owners of the parent (net of fair value of investment properties (net of deferred tax)
      and excluding the factors of impairment of properties and the effect on profit or loss caused by the privatisation
      of China VAST) for that period, multiplied by a dividend distribution ratio of around 40%. In determining the
      specific dividend distribution ratio, the Board will take into account the financial performance, cash flow, paid
      special dividends (if any) and capital commitments, etc. of the Group.

      Upon authorization by shareholders, on 18 February 2022, the Board resolved to distribute 191,680,031 shares of
      Jinmao Services to the qualifying shareholders as a special dividend, conditional upon and contemporaneously
      with the global offering of the shares of Jinmao Services. Qualifying shareholders were entitled to one share of
      Jinmao Services for every 66.2 shares of the Company held on the record date (i.e. 23 February 2022). The special
      dividend was distributed on 10 March 2022.

      On 30 August 2022, the Board resolved to make payment of an interim dividend of HK9 cents per share to the
      shareholders of the Company. On 27 September 2022, the Company convened an extraordinary general meeting
      to approve, pass and adopt the scrip dividend scheme. On 28 September 2022, the Board resolved to provide a
      scrip dividend arrangement to the shareholders in respect of the 2022 interim dividend distribution. The interim
      dividend, including the new shares issued pursuant to the scrip dividend arrangement, was paid and distributed
      on 24 November 2022.

      The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK2 cents per share for the year ended 31
      December 2022 and provided an option of distribution of scrip dividend to the shareholders. The proposed
      final dividend is subject to approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The Company will give a notice
      on the annual general meeting and closure of its register of members in relation to the entitlement to the final
      dividend upon determination of the date of the annual general meeting. The final dividend is expected to be
      distributed by 31 August 2023. The Company will announce the details of the distribution of dividend (including
      scrip dividend arrangements) as and when appropriate.

      SHARES, PAID-UP SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE OPTIONS
      As at 31 December 2022, the total issued shares of the Company were 13,314,992,912 ordinary shares.

      Details of movement in the Company’s paid-up share capital and share options in 2022 are set out in notes 39
      and 40 to the financial statements, respectively.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          135


                                                                                 Report of the Directors




SPIN-OFF AND SEPARATE LISTING OF JINMAO SERVICES ON THE MAIN BOARD OF THE
HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE
As stated in the announcements of the Company dated 31 August 2021, 18 January 2022, 25 January 2022, 28
January 2022, 6 February 2022, 17 February 2022, 18 February 2022, 25 February 2022, 9 March 2022, 10 March
2022 and 3 April 2022 and the circular despatched on 29 January 2022, the Company has successfully spun off
and separately listed the shares of Jinmao Services on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock
code: 00816, the “Spin-off”). The Spin-off was completed on 10 March 2022. Upon completion of the Spin-off
and immediately after the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, Jinmao Services remained as a subsidiary
of the Company and the Company held approximately 67.3% of its issued shares. Jinmao Services and its
subsidiaries are principally engaged in the provision of property management services, value-added services to
non-property owners and community value-added services in the PRC.

RESERVES
Movements in reserves of the Company and of the Group in 2022 are set out in note 41 to the financial
statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 291, 297 and 299 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
amounted to RMB517,731,000.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
Sales to major customers and purchases from major suppliers of the Group in the Year are set out below:


                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                           31 December 2022
                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                                total turnover
                                                                                                            (%)

 Five largest customers                                                                                    4.27
 The largest customer                                                                                      2.86


                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                                total purchase
                                                                                                            (%)
 Five largest suppliers                                                                                   24.29
 The largest supplier                                                                                     11.64


The above five largest customers and suppliers of the Group are independent third parties. To the best
knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors of the Company or any of their close associates or any
shareholders who own more than 5% of the Company’s shares had any interest in the Group’s five largest
customers or five largest suppliers.
136   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
      Particulars of the bank and other borrowings of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2022 are set out
      in note 35 to the financial statements.

      CHARITABLE DONATIONS
      During the Year, the subsidiaries of the Company in Shanghai, Wenzhou and other places donated a total of
      approximately RMB33,101,781 for public welfare including school education, disaster relief, healthcare and
      targeted poverty alleviation.

      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
      Details of movement in the property, plant and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the
      Year are set out in notes 14 and 18 to the financial statements.

      FINANCIAL SUMMARY
      A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last
      five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as appropriate, is set out on
      page 320 of this report. The summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

      DIRECTORS OF THE LISTED COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
      During the Year and up to the date of this report, the Directors of the Company include:


      Non-executive Directors
      Mr. NING Gaoning (has resigned on 23 September 2022)
      Mr. LI Fanrong (has been appointed on 23 September 2022)
      Mr. YANG Lin (has resigned on 15 June 2022)
      Mr. LI Fuli (has been appointed on 15 June 2022)
      Mr. AN Hongjun
      Mr. CHENG Yong
      Mr. WANG Wei (has resigned on 28 March 2022)
      Mr. LIU Pengpeng (has been appointed on 28 March 2022, has resigned on 11 November 2022)
      Mr. CHEN Chuan (has been appointed on 11 November 2022)

      Executive Directors
      Mr. LI Congrui
      Mr. JIANG Nan
      Mr. SONG Liuyi

      Independent non-executive Directors
      Mr. SU Xijia
      Mr. SUEN Man Tak
      Mr. GAO Shibin
      Mr. ZHONG Wei

      During the Year and up to the date of this report, the list of directors of the Company’s subsidiaries is published
      on the website of the Company at www.chinajinmao.cn.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          137


                                                                                 Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
As at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors had a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries
which is not terminable within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the current senior management of the Company are set out on pages 98 to 112 of this
report.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Directors’ remuneration is determined by reference to Directors’ duties and responsibilities, individual
performance and the results of the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the annual remuneration of 2 of the executive Directors and other
members of senior management of the Company fell within the band of below HK$3 million and the annual
remuneration of 6 of them fell within the band of HK$3 million to HK$5 million. Details of the remuneration of the
Directors and senior management of the Company are set out in notes 9, 10 and 48 to the financial statements.
There was no arrangement under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the Year.

DIRECTORS’ (OR THEIR CONNECTED ENTITIES’) INTEREST IN MATERIAL
TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
None of the Directors (or their connected entities) was materially interested, directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance entered into by the Company or its controlling
shareholders or any of their respective subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 or at any time during the Year. The
Company did not provide any loan to any of the Directors or the management personnel of the Company during
the Year.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO SUBSCRIBE FOR SHARES
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Scheme” under the “Report of the Directors” in this
report, no arrangements to which the Company or its controlling shareholders or any of their respective
subsidiaries is a party, whose purposes are, or one of whose purposes is, to enable any Director to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate,
subsisted as at 31 December 2022 or at any time during the Year.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of legal actions against its Directors,
which was in force during the Year and up to the date of this report.

CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS
Sinochem Holdings is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. The contracts of significance entered
into between Sinochem Holdings or its subsidiaries and the Company or its subsidiaries are mainly agreements
of connected transactions and continuing connected transactions conducted between them, as detailed in
sections headed “Connected Transactions”, “Continuing Connected Transactions” below.
138   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      Sinochem Group is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinochem Holdings and an indirect controlling shareholder of
      the Company. Details of the agreement of the Non-competition Undertaking entered into between Sinochem
      Group and the Company on 26 July 2007 are set out in “Compliance with Non-Competition Agreement” below.

      COMPLIANCE WITH NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT
      Sinochem Group has provided a written confirmation stating that Sinochem Group and its subsidiaries (other than
      those which form part of the Group) complied with their obligations under the Non-competition Undertaking
      during 2022.

      EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
      For details regarding the employees and remuneration policies of the Group during the Year, please refer to the
      section headed “Sustainable Development” on pages 84 to 97 of this report.

      RETIREMENT SCHEMES
      The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution retirement benefit schemes (the
      “Retirement Schemes”) administrated and organised by the relevant municipal and provincial governments in
      the PRC. The municipal and provincial governments undertake to pay retirement benefits under the Retirement
      Schemes to employees when they retire, and the Group is not required to provide other post-retirement benefits
      to the employees, except for the contributions made under the Retirement Schemes.

      The Group also participates in a mandatory provident fund scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) required by the
      government of Hong Kong, which is a defined contribution retirement benefit scheme. Contributions to these
      schemes are expenses as incurred.

      Neither the Retirement Schemes nor the MPF Scheme has any requirement concerning forfeited contributions.

      Contributions to the retirement benefit schemes by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 were
      RMB311,112,000.

      MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
      No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
      of the Company was entered into or existed during the Year.

      SHARE OPTION SCHEME
      The Company adopted a share option scheme on 22 November 2007 (the “2007 Scheme”), which has expired
      on 21 November 2017. On 29 January 2019, the Company convened an extraordinary general meeting, and
      approved and adopted a new share option scheme (the “New Scheme”), the purpose of which is to enhance the
      commitment of the participants to the Company and encourage them to pursue the objectives of the Company.

      According to the terms of the New Scheme, the Board shall at its absolute discretion grant to any participant a
      certain number of options at any time within 10 years after the approval date of the New Scheme. Participants,
      i.e. recipients of the options granted, include any existing executive or non-executive Directors of any member of
      the Group and any senior management, key technical and professional personnel, managers and employees of
      any member of the Group, but do not include any independent non-executive Directors of the Company. As at
      the end of the Reporting Period, the remaining life of the New Scheme is approximately six years.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022          139


                                                                                   Report of the Directors




The number of shares to be issued at any time upon exercise of all options granted under the New Scheme and
other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the then issued shares of the
Company. Accordingly, the Company may issue up to 1,155,352,832 shares to the participants under the New
Scheme, representing 9.1% of the issued shares of the Company as at the date of this report.

Unless an approval of shareholders is obtained at a general meeting, if the total number of shares issued and
shares which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the share options (including exercised, cancelled and
outstanding share options) granted under the New Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company
to a participant in any 12-month period in aggregate exceeds 1% of the issued shares of the Company at any
time, no further share options shall be granted to such participant. Upon acceptance of the grant, the grantee
undertakes that he/she will, at the request of the Company, pay a consideration of HK$1 or equivalent (to be
determined on the date when the offer of the grant is accepted) to the Company for acceptance of the offer of
the grant of the share option.

The share options shall vest after two years from the date of grant of the options at the earliest, and the
exercise period shall not exceed seven years from the date of grant, subject to the vesting conditions and
early termination provisions as set out in the New Scheme and the share option grant letter. The exercise price
of share options shall be the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange on the date of grant of the share options; and (ii) the average closing price of the Company’s shares
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant.

More details of the 2007 Scheme and the New Scheme are set out in note 40 to the financial statements.

GRANT AND EXERCISE OF SHARE OPTIONS
On 17 October 2016, the Company granted 172,350,000 share options to eligible participants pursuant to the
2007 Scheme and the exercise price was HK$2.196 per share, being the average closing price per share as stated
in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the last five consecutive trading days prior to
the date of grant. Such options shall vest after two years from the date of grant of the options at the earliest,
and the exercise period shall not exceed seven years from the grant date. The share options shall only vest if
the pre-set performance targets of the Group and the grantees are achieved. In particular, (i) in respect of the
performance of the Group, the return on equity attributable to the parent company, the growth rate of net profit
attributable to the parent company and the working capital turnover ratio of the Company for the financial year
immediately preceding each effective year shall not be lower than the specified target value and not lower than
the 75th percentile of the selected comparable companies for the same period; (ii) in respect of the individual
performance assessment of the grantees, if the performance assessment result of the previous year for each
effective year is B or above, such batch of options shall become 100% vested on the grantees, and if the result is
B-, such batch of options shall become 80% vested on the grantees. The share options shall lapse unless all the
aforesaid targets have been achieved.

On 6 September 2018, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company approved
the release of lock-up restrictions on the grantees who fulfil the conditions on a pro rata basis of up to one-third
of the share options granted by the Company on 17 October 2016 (where the percentage may decrease on a pro
rata basis depending on the rating of the individual performance assessment of the grantees) according to 1) the
2007 Scheme (the amendment to which was approved by the Board on 23 August 2012); 2) results of performance
assessment of the grantees in 2017; 3) the “Explanation on the Fulfilment of Conditions of the First Batch of
Share Options Granted by China Jinmao (2016) for the Third Time (based on the 2017 performance)” provided by
140   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      the external independent professional advisor (in particular, 11 comparable companies were selected based on
      factors such as similar nature of principal business and company, continuous operation and consistency of listing
      place, and in accordance with their publicly disclosed financial statements (after making necessary adjustments
      to the incomparable information (if any)), the comparison results of the relevant performance of the Group and
      the comparable companies were then calculated); and 4) a breakdown of the final vesting of this batch of options
      for all the grantees based on the above three documents.

      On 8 February 2019, the Company granted 265,950,000 share options to eligible participants pursuant to the New
      Scheme and the exercise price was HK$3.99 per share, being the closing price per share on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange on the date of grant. Such options shall vest after two years from the date of grant of the options at
      the earliest, and the exercise period shall not exceed seven years from the grant date. The share options shall
      only vest if the pre-set performance targets of the Group and the grantees are achieved. In particular, (i) in
      respect of the performance of the Group, the return on equity attributable to the parent company, the growth
      rate of net profit attributable to the parent company and the working capital turnover ratio of the Company for
      the financial year immediately preceding each effective year shall not be lower than the specified target value
      and not lower than the 75th percentile of the selected comparable companies for the same period; (ii) in respect
      of the individual performance assessment of the grantees, if the performance assessment result of the previous
      year for each effective year is B or above, such batch of options shall become 100% vested on the grantees, and
      if the result is B-, such batch of options shall become 80% vested on the grantees. The share options shall lapse
      unless all the aforesaid targets have been achieved.

      On 26 August 2019, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company approved the
      release of lock-up restrictions on the grantees who fulfil the conditions on a pro rata basis of up to one-third of
      the share options granted by the Company on 17 October 2016 (where the percentage may decrease on a pro
      rata basis depending on the rating of the individual performance assessment of the grantees) according to 1) the
      2007 Scheme (the amendment to which was approved by the Board on 23 August 2012); 2) results of performance
      assessment of the grantees in 2018; 3) the “Explanation on the Fulfilment of Conditions of the Second Batch of
      Share Options Granted by China Jinmao (2016) for the Third Time (based on the 2018 performance)” provided by
      the external independent professional advisor (in particular, 11 comparable companies were selected based on
      factors such as similar nature of principal business and company, continuous operation and consistency of listing
      place, and in accordance with their publicly disclosed financial statements (after making necessary adjustments
      to the incomparable information (if any)), the comparison results of the relevant performance of the Group and
      the comparable companies were then calculated); and 4) a breakdown of the final vesting of this batch of options
      for all the grantees based on the above three documents.

      On 9 September 2019, the Company granted in a total of 9,000,000 share options to Mr. LI Congrui, Mr. JIANG
      Nan and Mr. SONG Liuyi, the executive Directors of the Company, pursuant to the New Scheme and the
      exercise price was HK$4.58 per share, being the closing price per share on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
      the date of grant. Such options shall vest after two years from the date of grant of the options at the earliest,
      and the exercise period shall not exceed seven years from the date of grant. The share options shall only vest if
      the pre-set performance targets of the Group and the grantees are achieved. In particular, (i) in respect of the
      performance of the Group, the return on equity attributable to the parent company, the growth rate of net profit
      attributable to the parent company and the working capital turnover ratio of the Company for the financial year
      immediately preceding each effective year shall not be lower than the specified target value and not lower than
      the 75th percentile of the selected comparable companies for the same period; (ii) in respect of the individual
      performance assessment of the grantees, if the performance assessment result of the previous year for each
      effective year is B or above, such batch of options shall become 100% vested on the grantees, and if the result is
      B-, such batch of options shall become 80% vested on the grantees. The share options shall lapse unless all the
      aforesaid targets have been achieved.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          141


                                                                                  Report of the Directors




On 5 August 2020, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company approved the
release of lock-up restrictions on the grantees who fulfil the conditions on a pro rata basis of up to one-third
of the share options granted by the Company on 17 October 2016, 8 February 2019 and 9 September 2019,
respectively (where the percentage may decrease on a pro rata basis depending on the rating of the individual
performance assessment of the grantees) according to 1) the 2007 Scheme (the amendment to which was
approved by the Board on 23 August 2012); 2) results of performance assessment of the grantees in 2019; 3) the
“Explanation on the Fulfilment of Conditions of the Third Batch of Share Options Granted by China Jinmao (2016)
(based on the 2019 performance) and Breakdown of the Release” and the “Explanation on the Fulfilment of
Conditions of the First Batch of Share Options Granted by China Jinmao (2019) (based on the 2019 performance)
and Breakdown of the Release” provided by the external independent professional advisor (in particular, 11
comparable companies were selected based on factors such as similar nature of principal business and company,
continuous operation and consistency of listing place, and in accordance with their publicly disclosed financial
statements (after making necessary adjustments to the incomparable information (if any)), the comparison
results of the relevant performance of the Group and the comparable companies were then calculated); and 4) a
breakdown of the final vesting of the aforesaid batches of options for all the grantees based on the above three
documents.

On 10 March 2022, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company approved the
lapsing on a pro rata basis of up to one-third of the share options granted by the Company on 8 February 2019
and 9 September 2019, respectively, which were no longer vested in the grantees and cancelled, according to
1) the New Scheme; 2) results of performance assessment of the grantees in 2020; 3) the “Explanation on the
Failure to Fulfil Conditions of the Second Batch of Share Options Granted by China Jinmao (2019) (based on the
2020 performance)” provided by the external independent professional advisor.

On 8 December 2022, the Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company approved the
release of lock-up restrictions on the grantees who fulfil the conditions on a pro rata basis of up to one-third of
the share options granted by the Company on 8 February 2019 and 9 September 2019, respectively (where the
percentage may decrease on a pro rata basis depending on the rating of the individual performance assessment
of the grantees) according to 1) the New Scheme; 2) results of performance assessment of the grantees in 2021;
3) the “Explanation on the Fulfilment of Conditions of the Third Batch of Share Options Granted by China
Jinmao (2019) (based on the 2021 performance)” provided by the external independent professional advisor (in
particular, 10 comparable companies were selected based on factors such as similar nature of principal business
and company, continuous operation and consistency of listing place, and in accordance with their publicly
disclosed financial statements (after making necessary adjustments to the incomparable information (if any)),
the comparison results of the relevant performance of the Group and the comparable companies were then
calculated); and 4) a breakdown of the final vesting of this batch of options for all the grantees based on the
above three documents.

At the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, the number of share options that may be granted by the
Company under the New Scheme was 914,352,832 and 1,003,446,832, respectively. During the Reporting Period,
the Company did not grant any share options. Share options lapsed during the Reporting Period were not
treated as utilized, resulting in an increase in the number of share options available for grant at the end of the
Reporting Period as compared to the beginning of the Reporting Period.
142   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      The following share options were outstanding under the 2007 Scheme and New Scheme during the year ended
      31 December 2022:


                                                            Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                  Closing
                                                                                                                                                                  price of
                                                                                                                                                               the shares
                                                                                                                                                                    of the
                                                                                                                                                                Company
                                                                                                                                                              immediately
                                                                                                                                                  Exercise      preceding
                                                                                                                  Date of      Exercise period    price of      the grant
                                          As at   Granted   Exercised   Cancelled       Lapsed      As at 31     grant of     of share options      share    date of share
                                      1 January    during      during      during        during December            share          (both days     options         options
       Name or category of grantees       2022 the period the period the period the period             2022       options            inclusive)     (HK$)           (HK$)

       Directors
       Mr. LI Congrui                   500,000         –           –           –              –     500,000   17 October   17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                                     2016     16 October 2023
                                        500,000         –           –           –              –     500,000   17 October   17 October 2019 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                                     2016     16 October 2023
                                        500,000         –           –           –              –     500,000   17 October   17 October 2020 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                                     2016     16 October 2023
                                      1,000,000         –           –           –              –    1,000,000 9 September 9 September 2021 to         4.58            4.71
                                                                                                                     2019    8 September 2026
                                      1,000,000         –           –           –     (1,000,000)          – 9 September 9 September 2022 to          4.58            4.71
                                                                                                                     2019    8 September 2026
                                      1,000,000         –           –           –              –    1,000,000 9 September 9 September 2023 to         4.58            4.71
                                                                                                                     2019    8 September 2026
       Mr. JIANG Nan                    500,000         –           –           –              –     500,000   17 October   17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                                     2016     16 October 2023
                                        500,000         –           –           –              –     500,000   17 October   17 October 2019 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                                     2016     16 October 2023
                                        500,000         –           –           –              –     500,000   17 October   17 October 2020 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                                     2016     16 October 2023
                                      1,000,000         –           –           –              –    1,000,000 9 September 9 September 2021 to         4.58            4.71
                                                                                                                     2019    8 September 2026
                                      1,000,000         –           –           –     (1,000,000)          – 9 September 9 September 2022 to          4.58            4.71
                                                                                                                     2019    8 September 2026
                                      1,000,000         –           –           –              –    1,000,000 9 September 9 September 2023 to         4.58            4.71
                                                                                                                     2019    8 September 2026
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022                     143


                                                                                                                       Report of the Directors




                                                      Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                             Closing
                                                                                                                                                             price of
                                                                                                                                                          the shares
                                                                                                                                                               of the
                                                                                                                                                           Company
                                                                                                                                                         immediately
                                                                                                                                             Exercise      preceding
                                                                                                            Date of       Exercise period    price of      the grant
                                   As at    Granted   Exercised     Cancelled     Lapsed      As at 31      grant of     of share options      share    date of share
                               1 January     during      during        during      during December             share           (both days    options         options
Name or category of grantees        2022 the period the period the period the period             2022        options            inclusive)     (HK$)           (HK$)

Mr. SONG Liuyi                   500,000          –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October   17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                               2016      16 October 2023
                                 500,000          –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October   17 October 2019 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                               2016      16 October 2023
                                 500,000          –            –            –            –     500,000    17 October   17 October 2020 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                               2016      16 October 2023
                                1,000,000         –            –            –            –    1,000,000 9 September 9 September 2021 to          4.58            4.71
                                                                                                               2019     8 September 2026
                                1,000,000         –            –            –   (1,000,000)          – 9 September 9 September 2022 to           4.58            4.71
                                                                                                               2019     8 September 2026
                                1,000,000         –            –            –            –    1,000,000 9 September 9 September 2023 to          4.58            4.71
                                                                                                               2019     8 September 2026
Sub total                       4,500,000         –            –            –            –    4,500,000   17 October   17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                               2016      16 October 2023
                                9,000,000         –            –            –   (3,000,000)   6,000,000 9 September 9 September 2021 to          4.58            4.71
                                                                                                               2019     8 September 2026
Employees in aggregate          3,688,800         –      (50,000)           –      (34,000)   3,604,800   17 October   17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                               2016      16 October 2023
                               22,842,800         –     (300,000)           –     (476,000) 22,066,800    17 October   17 October 2019 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                               2016      16 October 2023
                               38,436,800         –   (1,134,000)           –     (792,000) 36,510,800    17 October   17 October 2020 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                               2016      16 October 2023
                               76,394,000         –            –            –   (3,550,000) 72,844,000    8 February    8 February 2021 to       3.99            4.00
                                                                                                               2019       7 February 2026
                               77,794,000         –            –            – (77,794,000)           –    8 February    8 February 2022 to       3.99            4.00
                                                                                                               2019       7 February 2026
                               77,812,000         –            –            –   (4,750,000) 73,062,000    8 February    8 February 2023 to       3.99            4.00
                                                                                                               2019       7 February 2026
144   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




                                                              Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                     Closing
                                                                                                                                                                     price of
                                                                                                                                                                  the shares
                                                                                                                                                                       of the
                                                                                                                                                                   Company
                                                                                                                                                                 immediately
                                                                                                                                                     Exercise      preceding
                                                                                                                    Date of      Exercise period     price of      the grant
                                           As at    Granted   Exercised     Cancelled     Lapsed      As at 31     grant of     of share options       share    date of share
                                       1 January     during      during        during      during December            share           (both days     options         options
       Name or category of grantees         2022 the period the period the period the period             2022       options             inclusive)     (HK$)           (HK$)

       Total                           69,468,400         –   (1,484,000)           –   (1,302,000) 66,682,400   17 October    17 October 2018 to       2.196            2.15
                                                                                                                       2016      16 October 2023
                                      232,000,000         –            –            – (86,094,000) 145,906,000   8 February    8 February 2021 to        3.99            4.00
                                                                                                                       2019       7 February 2026
                                        9,000,000         –            –            –   (3,000,000)   6,000,000 9 September 9 September 2021 to          4.58            4.71
                                                                                                                       2019     8 September 2026

      Note: The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the date(s) on which the share
            option(s) was(were) exercised by the employees was HK$2.718 per share.


      DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTEREST IN SHARES OR UNDERLYING
      SHARES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
      Save as disclosed below, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company
      had any interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
      associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which
      were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
      of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
      referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code as set out in the Listing Rules, to be
      notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      Interest in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                                              Number of               percentage of
                                                                                                  Number of                   underlying                    the issued
       Name                                                Capacity                              shares held         shares held (Note)                 share capital

       Mr. LI Congrui                                      Beneficial owner                      5,000,000(L)                 3,500,000(L)                        0.064%
       Mr. JIANG Nan                                       Beneficial owner                      4,100,000(L)                 3,500,000(L)                        0.057%
       Mr. SONG Liuyi                                      Beneficial owner                      3,500,000(L)                 3,500,000(L)                        0.053%

      (L)      Denotes long positions

      Note: Represents the underlying shares subject to share options which are unlisted physically settled equity derivatives.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022            145


                                                                                    Report of the Directors




Interest in the shares or underlying shares of the Company’ s associated corporation
                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                          Name of                                        the issued
                                                          associated                Number of                   share
 Name                                 Capacity            corporation (Note 1)      shares held        capital (Note 2)

 Mr. LI Congrui                       Beneficial owner    Jinmao Services              60,423(L)              0.007%
 Mr. JIANG Nan                        Beneficial owner    Jinmao Services              54,380(L)              0.006%
 Mr. SONG Liuyi                       Beneficial owner    Jinmao Services              45,317(L)              0.005%

(L)   Denotes long positions

Note 1: As at 31 December 2022, the Company was interested in approximately 67.3% of the shares issued by Jinmao
        Services, and Jinmao Services was therefore an associated corporation of the Company.

Note 2: The percentage is calculated based on the total number of shares of Jinmao Services in issue as at 31 December
        2022, which was 904,189,000.
146   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST
      So far as is known to the Directors of the Company, as at 31 December 2022, the following persons (other than
      the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had interest and short positions in the shares, or underlying
      shares of the Company which were required to be notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of
      Part XV of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
      referred to therein, or which had already been notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange:


                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                           percentage of
       Name of the                                           Capacity/nature               Number of           the issued
       substantial shareholder             Nature            of Interest              ordinary shares        share capital

       Sinochem Hong Kong (Group)          Long position     Beneficial owner            4,847,142,832             36.40%
         Company Limited (“Sinochem
         Hong Kong”)
       Sinochem Corporation                Long position     Interest of controlled      4,847,142,832             36.40%
                                                               corporation   Note 1


       Sinochem Group                      Long position     Interest of controlled      4,847,142,832             36.40%
                                                               corporationNote 1
       Sinochem Holdings                   Long position     Interest of controlled      4,847,142,832             36.40%
                                                               corporation   Note 1


       Ping An Life Insurance Company      Long position     Beneficial owner            1,787,077,435             13.42%
         of China, Ltd. (“Ping An Life
         Insurance”)
       Ping An Insurance (Group)           Long position     Interest of controlled      1,792,272,565             13.46%
         Company of China, Ltd.                                corporationNote 2
         (“Ping An”)
       New China Life                      Long position     Beneficial owner            1,234,475,137              9.27%
         Insurance Company Ltd.
                                           Long position     Interest of controlled          3,150,000              0.02%
                                                               corporationNote 3
       UBS Group AG                        Long position     Interest of controlled        788,719,520              5.92%
                                                               corporation   Note 4




      Note 1: Sinochem Holdings holds the entire equity interests in Sinochem Group, which in turn holds the entire equity
              interests in Sinochem Corporation, which in turn holds the entire equity interests in Sinochem Hong Kong. For
              the purpose of the SFO, Sinochem Holdings, Sinochem Group and Sinochem Corporation are all deemed to be
              interested in the shares beneficially owned by Sinochem Hong Kong.

      Note 2: Ping An holds 99.51% equity interests in Ping An Life Insurance and the entire equity interests in Ping An of
              China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Company Limited. For the purpose of the SFO, Ping An is deemed to be
              interested in 1,787,077,435 shares beneficially owned by Ping An Life Insurance and 5,195,130 shares owned by
              Ping An of China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Company Limited (as the investment manager).
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022           147


                                                                                     Report of the Directors




Note 3: New China Life Insurance Company Ltd. controls a series of companies, including New China Asset Management
        Co., Ltd., New China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited, New China Capital International Management
        Limited and New China Capital Management Limited. For the purpose of the SFO, New China Life Insurance
        Company Ltd. is deemed to be interested in 3,150,000 shares beneficially owned by New China Capital
        Management Limited.

Note 4: UBS Group AG is deemed to have interests in the shares of the Company held by UBS AG, UBS Switzerland AG,
        UBS Asset Management (Shanghai) Limited, UBS Asset Management (Americas) Inc., UBS Asset Management
        (Australia) Ltd, UBS Fund Management (Luxembourg) S.A., UBS Asset Management (Deutschland) GmbH, UBS
        Asset Management (Hong Kong) Ltd, UBS Asset Management (Singapore) Ltd, UBS Asset Management Life Ltd,
        UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG, UBS Asset Management Switzerland AG, UBS Asset Management
        (UK) Limited and UBS O’Connor LLC, and such companies are subsidiaries of UBS Group AG. Among such long
        positions, 9,103,021 shares are cash settled unlisted derivatives.

Note 5: On 6 August 2019, Sinochem Hong Kong delivered 1,787,077,435 shares to Ping An Life Insurance pursuant to a
        placing and subscription agreement dated 26 July 2019. Ping An Life Insurance is granted a pre-emptive right to
        off-market transfers and is thus deemed to be interested in the shares held by Sinochem Hong Kong by virtue of
        section 317 of the SFO, and Sinochem Hong Kong is deemed to be interested in the shares held by Ping An Life
        Insurance by virtue of section 317 of the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors of the Company were not aware of any person
(other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who had interest or short positions in the shares
and underlying shares of the Company which were required to be notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, to be recorded in
the register referred to therein, or which had already been notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the Period under Review and up to the date of this report, the Company entered into non-exempt
continuing connected transactions, including:

I.   Continuing connected transactions exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval
     requirement:
     1     Framework lease agreement between the Company and Sinochem Holdings;

     2     Factoring service framework agreement between the Company and Sinochem Commercial Factoring
           Co., Ltd. (“Sinochem Factoring”);

     3     Loan framework agreement between Jinmao Investment (Changsha) Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Changsha”),
           Shanghai Jinmao Economic Development Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Development”) and Changsha CSC
           Investment Co., Ltd. (“CSC Changsha”);

     4     Loan framework agreement between Chongqing Xingqian Real Estate Co., Ltd. (“Xingqian Real
           Estate”) and its direct and indirect shareholders (including the Company, Ping An Real Estate
           Company Limited (“Ping An Real Estate”), Jinmao Xinan Enterprise Management (Tianjin) Limited
           (“Jinmao Xinan”, formerly known as Jinmao Xinan Enterprise Management (Chongqing) Limited),
           Fubao Investment Management Limited (“Fubao”), Step Fancy Investments Limited (“Step Fancy”),
           and Year Fine Limited (“Year Fine”));
148   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




            5    Entrustment loan framework agreement between Ningbo Yingmao Properties Development Co.,
                 Ltd. (“Yingmao Properties”), Wide Sea Limited (“Wide Sea”) and Shenzhen Pingjia Investment and
                 Management Co., Ltd. (“Pingjia Investment”);

            6    Loan framework agreement between 12 project companies including Qingdao Fanghui Properties
                 Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao 12 Project Companies”), Beijing Xingmao Properties Co., Ltd. (“Xingmao
                 Properties”), Win Cheer Limited (“Win Cheer”), Tongxiang Haoji Properties Co., Ltd. (“Haoji
                 Properties”), Tongxiang Haoqing Properties Co., Ltd. (“Haoqing Properties”) and China Overseas
                 Enterprise Development Group Co., Ltd. (“China Overseas Development”);

            7    Loan framework agreement between Shanghai Rongdi Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai
                 Rongdi”), Shanghai Rongyu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Rongyu”), Jinmao Huadong
                 Enterprises Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Huadong”, formerly known as Shanghai Maohuan
                 Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.), Shenzhen Deli Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Deli”)
                 and Rongqiao Group Co., Ltd. (“Rongqiao Group”);

            8    Loan framework agreement between Ningbo Yongmao Construction Development Co., Ltd. (“Ningbo
                 Yongmao”), Ningbo Dingmao Construction Development Co., Ltd. (“Dingmao Construction”)
                 and Ningbo Ningnan Xincheng State-owned Assets Management Co., Ltd. (“Ningnan Assets
                 Management”);

            9    Cash pooling accession agreement between the Company, Sinochem Hong Kong and Bank Mendes
                 Gans N.V. (the “Bank”).

      II.   Continuing connected transactions approved or to be approved by independent
            shareholders:
            10   Financial services framework agreement between the Company and Sinochem Finance Co., Ltd.
                 (“Sinochem Finance”);

            11   Financial services framework agreement between the Company and various subsidiaries of Ping An.

            For these continuing connected transactions, the Company confirms that it had complied with the
            requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. During the Year, when conducting these continuing
            connected transactions, the Company had complied with the pricing policies and guidelines formulated
            when such transactions were entered into. Set out below is a summary of all these transactions:
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022                149


                                                                                                                       Report of the Directors




I.   CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS EXEMPT FROM THE
     INDEPENDENT SHAREHOLDERS’ APPROVAL REQUIREMENT
     1   Framework lease agreement between the Company and Sinochem Holdings
         On 28 December 2021, the Company entered into a framework lease agreement (the “Framework
         Lease Agreement”) with Sinochem Holdings to streamline the leasing relationship between the Group
         and Sinochem Holdings and its associates in respect of the relevant units in Shanghai Jin Mao Tower,
         Xicheng Jinmao Centre (the former Sinochem Tower), Beijing Chemsunny World Trade Centre and
         Royal International Mansion. The Framework Lease Agreement is for a term of three years with effect
         from 1 January 2022. The annual caps for the rent, property management fees and other fees received
         by the Group in respect of the above leased properties under the Framework Lease Agreement for
         the three years ending 31 December 2024 are RMB582.25 million, RMB654.14 million and RMB733.45
         million, respectively.

         In 2022, details of the transactions contemplated under the Framework Lease Agreement are as
         follows:


                                                                                                                                                     Transaction
                                                                                                                                                      amount in
          Connected person                                         Nature of transaction                               Effective period   Currency         2022

          1    Two subsidiaries/controlled companies of Sinochem                                                                              RMB     39,589,760
                 Holdings
               1A Manulife-Sinochem Life Insurance Co., Ltd.       Lease of relevant units in Jin Mao Tower from the       2017 to 2025       RMB     32,059,633
                                                                     Group
               1B China Foreign Economy and Trade Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Jin Mao Tower from the       2021 to 2023       RMB      7,530,127
                                                                     Group
          2    15 subsidiaries of Sinochem Holdings                                                                                           RMB    267,180,060
               2A Sinochem Corporation                             Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny            2021 to 2023       RMB    112,976,788
                                                                     Word Trade Centre from the Group
               2B Sinochem Group Co., Ltd.                         Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny            2021 to 2023       RMB      8,611,207
                                                                     Word Trade Centre from the Group
               2C China Foreign Economy and Trade Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny            2021 to 2023       RMB     52,529,063
                                                                     Word Trade Centre from the Group
               2D Sinochem Fertilizer Company Limited              Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny            2021 to 2023       RMB         60,721
                                                                     Word Trade Centre from the Group
               2E Sinochem Finance Co., Ltd.                       Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny            2021 to 2023       RMB     15,130,607
                                                                     Word Trade Centre from the Group
               2F Sinochem Juyuan Enterprises Management           Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny            2021 to 2023       RMB      3,187,000
                 (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                 Word Trade Centre from the Group
               2G Sinochem Energy Corporation Co., Ltd.            Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny            2020 to 2023       RMB     25,614,242
                                                                     Word Trade Centre from the Group
               2H Sinochem Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.          Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny            2022 to 2025       RMB      3,365,211
                                                                     Word Trade Centre from the Group
150   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




                                                                                                                                                        Transaction
                                                                                                                                                         amount in
               Connected person                                        Nature of transaction                              Effective period   Currency         2022

                    2I Sinochem Petroleum Exploration and Production   Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny           2021 to 2023       RMB     10,460,058
                      Co., Ltd.                                          Word Trade Centre from the Group
                    2J Sinochem Petroleum Sales Co., Ltd.              Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny           2021 to 2023       RMB         75,513
                                                                         Word Trade Centre from the Group
                    2K Sinochem Oil Co., Ltd.                          Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny           2021 to 2023       RMB     11,869,337
                                                                         Word Trade Centre from the Group
                    2L Sinochem Information and Technology Co., Ltd.   Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny           2021 to 2023       RMB      5,256,477
                                                                         Word Trade Centre from the Group
                    2M Sinochem Capital Co., Ltd., Beijing Branch      Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny           2021 to 2023       RMB     12,856,885
                                                                         Word Trade Centre from the Group
                    2N Sinochem Energy Logistics Co., Ltd.             Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny           2021 to 2023       RMB      4,835,863
                                                                         Word Trade Centre from the Group
                    2O Syngenta (China) Investment Co. Ltd.            Lease of relevant units in Beijing Chemsunny           2021 to 2023       RMB        351,088
                                                                         Word Trade Centre from the Group
               3    16 subsidiaries/controlled companies of Sinochem                                                                             RMB     58,787,809
                      Holdings
                    3A Sinochem Corporation                            Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB      3,943,221
                                                                         from the Group
                    3B Beijing Sinochem Jinqiao Trade Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB        199,612
                                                                         from the Group
                    3C China Foreign Economy and Trade Co., Ltd.       Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB     14,285,423
                                                                         from the Group
                    3D Manulife-Sinochem Life Insurance Co., Ltd.,     Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB      3,000,379
                      Beijing Branch                                     from the Group
                    3E Sinochem International (Holdings) Co., Ltd.,    Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB      3,924,087
                      Beijing Branch                                     from the Group
                    3F Sinochem Commerce Co., Ltd.                     Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2023       RMB     13,715,719
                                                                         from the Group
                    3G Sinochem Environment Holdings Co., Ltd.         Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2023       RMB      1,808,835
                                                                         from the Group
                    3H Sinochem Juyuan Enterprises Management          Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2021 to 2023       RMB        118,648
                      (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                from the Group
                    3I Sinochem Plastics Co., Ltd.                     Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB     12,859,207
                                                                         from the Group
                    3J Sinochem Information and Technology Co., Ltd.   Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2023       RMB        563,193
                                                                         from the Group
                    3K Sinochem Asset Management Co. Ltd.              Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB      3,680,390
                                                                         from the Group
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022                151


                                                                                                                  Report of the Directors




                                                                                                                                                Transaction
                                                                                                                                                 amount in
Connected person                                               Nature of transaction                              Effective period   Currency         2022

        3L Sinochem Energy Corporation Co., Ltd.               Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2021 to 2023       RMB         21,371
                                                                 from the Group
        3M Sinochem Baoli Commercial Services Co., Ltd.        Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB         49,700
                                                                 from the Group
        3N Beijing Jili Petroleum Products Service Co., Ltd.   Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2021 to 2023       RMB        130,229
                                                                 from the Group
        3O Beijing Sinochem Medical Technology Co., Ltd.       Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2025       RMB        121,172
                                                                 from the Group
        3P Sinochem Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                   Lease of relevant units in Xicheng Jinmao Centre       2022 to 2023       RMB        366,623
                                                                 from the Group
4       13 subsidiaries of Sinochem Holdings                                                                                             RMB     51,051,388
        4A China National Seed Group Corp.                     Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2020 to 2023       RMB      2,609,322
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4B Sinochem Fertilizer Company Limited                 Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2020 to 2023       RMB     15,278,607
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4C Sinochem Petroleum Sales Co., Ltd.                  Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2021 to 2023       RMB     13,710,413
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4D Sinochem Agriculture Holdings Co., Ltd.             Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2020 to 2023       RMB      5,326,158
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4E Sinochem International Crop Care Co., Ltd.          Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2020 to 2023       RMB         87,947
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4F Sinochem Energy and Technology Co., Ltd.            Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2021 to 2023       RMB      3,570,388
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4G Syngenta Group Co., Ltd.                            Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2020 to 2023       RMB      1,797,932
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4H Sinochem Refined Oil Commerce Co., Ltd.             Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2021 to 2024       RMB      1,579,798
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4I ADAMA (China) Investment Co., Ltd.                  Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2020 to 2023       RMB        312,483
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4J Syngenta Seeds (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                  Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2020 to 2023       RMB      1,788,824
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4K Syngenta Biotechnology (China) Co., Ltd.            Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2021 to 2023       RMB          1,698
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4L Syngenta (China) Investment Co. Ltd.                Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2020 to 2023       RMB      4,197,703
                                                                 Mansion from the Group
        4M Beijing Yixingyuan Petrochemical Technology         Lease of relevant units in Royal International         2022 to 2025       RMB        790,116
          Co., Ltd.                                              Mansion from the Group
Total                                                                                                                                    RMB    416,609,017
152   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




              Sinochem Holdings is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company and is therefore
              a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the Framework Lease Agreement and the
              transactions contemplated under the specific lease contracts constitute the continuing connected
              transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For the year ended 31
              December 2022, the transaction amount under the Framework Lease Agreement did not exceed the
              annual cap.

          2   Factoring service framework agreement between the Company and Sinochem
              Factoring
              On 19 April 2022, the Company and Sinochem Factoring entered into a factoring service framework
              agreement, pursuant to which the Group will utilise the financing factoring services and non-financing
              factoring services available from Sinochem Factoring from time to time as it deems necessary for a
              term of three years. Under the factoring service framework agreement, the interest and fees payable
              by the Group to Sinochem Factoring shall not be higher than the interest and fees charged by
              independent factoring companies in the PRC in providing the same type of factoring services under
              the same conditions. During the term of the factoring service framework agreement, the cap on
              the daily maximum balance (including the amount of accounts receivables and accrued interest) in
              respect of the financing factoring services to be provided by Sinochem Factoring to the Group will
              be RMB1,400 million, and the annual cap for the fees of the non-financing factoring services to be
              provided by Sinochem Factoring to the Group will be RMB28 million. As of 31 December 2022, the
              transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid two caps.

              Sinochem Factoring is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinochem Holdings, which is the
              ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company. Accordingly, Sinochem Factoring is a connected
              person of the Company. The transactions under the factoring service framework agreement constitute
              continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

          3   Loan framework agreement between Jinmao Changsha, Jinmao Development and
              CSC Changsha
              On 22 June 2020, Jinmao Changsha entered into a loan framework agreement with Jinmao
              Development (which has now been deregistered, and was absorbed by Wuhan XingMao Real Estate
              Co., Ltd. (武漢興茂置業有限公司) (“Wuhan Xingmao”), the rights and obligations of which were
              assumed by Wuhan Xingmao) and CSC Changsha (the “Changsha Framework Agreement”), pursuant
              to which Jinmao Changsha agreed to provide loans to Wuhan Xingmao and CSC Changsha (or their
              respective designated entities) based on the same terms and conditions and in proportion to their
              respective equity interests in Jinmao Changsha. Under the Changsha Framework Agreement, the
              actual interest rate of each of the loans shall be determined by reference to the same term RMB
              benchmark loan interest rate published by the PBOC from time to time, subject to a floating range of
              50% higher or lower than such rate. The parties shall enter into specific loan agreements separately
              according to the terms and conditions set out in the Changsha Framework Agreement. The Changsha
              Framework Agreement shall be valid for three years with effect from 25 June 2020. During the term of
              the Changsha Framework Agreement, the cap on the maximum daily balance (including the accrued
              interest) of the loans to be provided by Jinmao Changsha to CSC Changsha (or its designated
              entities) will be RMB1,000 million. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the transaction amount did
              not exceed the aforesaid cap.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022          153


                                                                           Report of the Directors




    Wuhan Xingmao is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Jinmao Changsha, owned as to 80%
    and 20% respectively by Wuhan Xingmao and CSC Changsha, is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of
    the Company. CSC Changsha is the substantial shareholder of Jinmao Changsha and is therefore a
    connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level. Accordingly, the transaction in relation to
    the provision of loans by Jinmao Changsha to CSC Changsha (or its designated entities) constitutes
    the provision of financial assistance by the Company to a connected person at the subsidiary level,
    and therefore constitutes a continuing connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of
    the Listing Rules.


4   Loan framework agreement between Xingqian Real Estate and its direct and indirect
    shareholders (including the Company, Ping An Real Estate, Jinmao Xinan, Fubao, Step
    Fancy and Year Fine)
    On 23 August 2019, Xingqian Real Estate, an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
    entered into the loan framework agreement with its direct and indirect shareholders (including the
    Company, Ping An Real Estate, Jinmao Xinan, Fubao, Step Fancy and Year Fine) (the “2019 Xingqian
    Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Xingqian Real Estate agreed to provide loans to the
    Company and Ping An Real Estate (or their respective designated entities) based on the same terms
    and conditions and in proportion to the effective interest in Xingqian Real Estate held by the Company
    and Ping An Real Estate through their respective subsidiaries. Under the 2019 Xingqian Framework
    Agreement, the actual interest rate of each of the loans should be determined by reference to the
    RMB benchmark loan interest rate for financial institutions of the same term published by the PBOC,
    subject to a floating range of 50% higher or lower than such rate. The parties should enter into loan
    agreements separately according to the terms and conditions set out in the 2019 Xingqian Framework
    Agreement. The 2019 Xingqian Framework Agreement should be valid for three years. During the
    term of the 2019 Xingqian Framework Agreement, the cap on the maximum daily balance (including
    the accrued interest) of the loans to be provided by Xingqian Real Estate to Ping An Real Estate (or its
    designated entities) would be RMB900 million. The term of the 2019 Xingqian Framework Agreement
    ended on 22 August 2022.


    On 22 August 2022, Xingqian Real Estate entered into the loan framework agreement with its direct
    and indirect shareholders (including the Company, Ping An Real Estate, Jinmao Xinan, Fubao, Step
    Fancy and Year Fine) (the “2022 Xingqian Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Xingqian Real
    Estate shall continue to provide loans to the Company and Ping An Real Estate (or their respective
    designated entities) during the term of the 2022 Xingqian Framework Agreement. The 2022 Xingqian
    Framework Agreement shall be valid for three years commencing from 22 August 2022. The terms of
    the 2022 Xingqian Framework Agreement are substantially the same as those of the 2019 Xingqian
    Framework Agreement. During the term of the 2022 Xingqian Framework Agreement, the cap on the
    maximum daily balance (including the accrued interest) of the loans to be provided by Xingqian Real
    Estate to Ping An Real Estate (or its designated entities) will be RMB821 million. For the year ended
    31 December 2022, the transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid cap.
154   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




              Ping An Real Estate is an associate of Ping An Life Insurance, which is a substantial shareholder of
              the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. Step Fancy is a subsidiary of the
              Company owned as to 63.2% by the Company and 36.8% by Ping An Real Estate through Fubao, its
              wholly-owned subsidiary. Accordingly, Step Fancy is a connected subsidiary of the Company. Xingqian
              Real Estate is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Step Fancy and also a connected subsidiary
              of the Company. Therefore, the transactions under the 2019 Xingqian Framework Agreement and the
              2022 Xingqian Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
              under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


          5   Entrustment loan framework agreement between Yingmao Properties, Wide Sea and
              Pingjia Investment
              On 17 March 2020, Yingmao Properties, an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
              entered into the entrustment loan framework agreement with its shareholders, namely Wide Sea
              and Pingjia Investment (the “2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Yingmao
              Properties agreed to provide entrustment loans to Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment (or their
              respective designated entities) based on the same terms and conditions and in proportion to the
              respective shareholding ratio of Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment in Yingmao Properties. Under
              the 2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement, the actual interest rate of each of the entrustment loans
              should be determined by reference to the latest loan prime rate for one-year loan as published by
              the National Interbank Funding Center from time to time, subject to a floating range of 50% higher
              or lower than such rate. The parties should enter into specific loan agreements with relevant financial
              institutions separately according to the terms and conditions set out in the 2020 Yingmao Framework
              Agreement. The 2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement should be for a term of two years commencing
              from 24 March 2020. During the term of the 2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement, the cap on the
              maximum daily balance (including the accrued interests) of the loans to be provided by Yingmao
              Properties to Pingjia Investment (or its designated entities) would be RMB550 million. The term of the
              2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement ended on 23 March 2022.


              On 24 March 2022, Yingmao Properties entered into the entrustment loan framework agreement with
              Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment (the “2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which
              Yingmao Properties will continue to provide entrustment loans to Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment
              (or their respective designated entities) during the term of the 2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement.
              The 2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement shall be for a term of one year commencing from 24
              March 2022. The terms of the 2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement are substantially the same as
              those of the 2020 Yingmao Framework Agreement. During the term of the 2022 Yingmao Framework
              Agreement, the cap on the maximum daily balance (including the accrued interests) of the loans to
              be provided by Yingmao Properties to Pingjia Investment (or its designated entities) will be RMB550
              million. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid
              cap. On 24 March 2023, Yingmao Properties entered into the entrustment loan framework agreement
              with Wide Sea and Pingjia Investment (the “2023 Yingmao Framework Agreement”) to further extend
              the term of such entrustment loan arrangement to 31 December 2023. The cap amount under the
              2023 Yingmao Framework Agreement remains to be RMB550 million.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022          155


                                                                          Report of the Directors




    Pingjia Investment is an associate of Ping An Life Insurance, a substantial shareholder of the
    Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. Yingmao Properties is a subsidiary
    owned as to 50% by the Company through Wide Sea and the remaining 50% by Pingjia Investment,
    and is therefore a connected subsidiary of the Company. Accordingly, the transactions under the 2020
    Yingmao Framework Agreement, the 2022 Yingmao Framework Agreement and the 2023 Yingmao
    Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter
    14A of the Listing Rules.


6   Loan framework agreement among Qingdao 12 Project Companies, Xingmao
    Properties, Win Cheer, Haoji Properties, Haoqing Properties and China Overseas
    Development
    On 14 May 2020, Qingdao 12 Project Companies, the indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
    Company, entered into the loan framework agreement with their shareholders (including Xingmao
    Properties, Win Cheer, Haoji Properties, Haoqing Properties and China Overseas Development) (the
    “Qingdao Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Qingdao 12 Project Companies agreed to
    provide loans to their shareholders (or their respective designated entities) based on the same terms
    and conditions and in proportion to the respective shareholding ratio of the Company (through its
    subsidiaries Xingmao Properties and Win Cheer), Ping An (through its subsidiaries Haoji Properties
    and Haoqing Properties) and China Overseas Development in Qingdao 12 Project Companies.
    Under the Qingdao Framework Agreement, the effective interest rate of each of the loans shall
    be determined by reference to the loan prime rate for one-year loan as published by the National
    Interbank Funding Center from time to time, subject to a floating range of 50% higher or lower than
    such rate. The parties shall enter into specific loan agreements separately according to the terms
    and conditions set out in the Qingdao Framework Agreement. The Qingdao Framework Agreement
    shall be for a term of three years commencing from 14 May 2020. During the term of the Qingdao
    Framework Agreement, the cap on the aggregate maximum daily balance (including the accrued
    interests) of the loans to be provided by Qingdao 12 Project Companies to Haoji Properties and
    Haoqing Properties (or their respective designated entities) will be RMB770 million. For the year
    ended 31 December 2022, the transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid cap.


    Haoji Properties and Haoqing Properties are associates of Ping An Life Insurance, a substantial
    shareholder of the Company, and are therefore connected persons of the Company. Qingdao 12
    Project Companies are subsidiaries owned as to 68% by the Company (through Xingmao Properties
    or Win Cheer) and 14% by Ping An (through Haoji Properties or Haoqing Properties). Accordingly,
    Qingdao 12 Project Companies are therefore connected subsidiaries of the Company. Accordingly,
    the transactions under the Qingdao Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected
    transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
156   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




          7   Loan framework agreement among Shanghai Rongdi, Shanghai Rongyu, Jinmao
              Huadong, Shenzhen Deli and Rongqiao Group
              On 14 January 2021, Shanghai Rongdi (an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company)
              and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai Rongyu, entered into the loan framework agreement (the
              “Shanghai Framework Agreement”) with the shareholders of Shanghai Rongdi (including Jinmao
              Huadong, Shenzhen Deli and Rongqiao Group), pursuant to which Shanghai Rongyu agreed to
              provide loans to Jinmao Huadong, Shenzhen Deli and Rongqiao Group (or their respective designated
              entities) based on the same terms and conditions and in proportion to the equity interest held by
              Jinmao Huadong, Shenzhen Deli and Rongqiao Group in Shanghai Rongdi. The actual interest rate
              of each of the loans under the Shanghai Framework Agreement should be determined by reference
              to the loan prime rate for the loans of the same term as published by the National Interbank Funding
              Center from time to time, subject to a floating range of 50% higher or lower than such rate. The
              parties should enter into specific loan agreements separately according to the terms and conditions
              set out in the Shanghai Framework Agreement. The Shanghai Framework Agreement will be effective
              from 14 January 2021 for a term of one year. During the term of the Shanghai Framework Agreement,
              the maximum daily balance (including the accrued interest) of the loans to be provided by Shanghai
              Rongyu to Shenzhen Deli (or its designated entities) would be RMB375 million. The term of the
              Shanghai Framework Agreement ended on 13 January 2022. For the period ended 13 January 2022,
              the transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid cap.


              Shenzhen Deli is an associate of Ping An Life Insurance, a substantial shareholder of the Company,
              and is therefore a connected person of the Company. Shanghai Rongdi is a subsidiary of the
              Company owned as to 38% by the Company (through Jinmao Huadong) and 25% by Ping An (through
              Shenzhen Deli). Therefore, Shanghai Rongdi and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai Rongyu, are
              connected subsidiaries of the Company. Accordingly, the transactions under the Shanghai Framework
              Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
              Listing Rules.
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022         157


                                                                       Report of the Directors




8   Loan framework agreement between Ningbo Yongmao, Dingmao Construction and
    Ningnan Assets Management
    On 22 June 2022, Ningbo Yongmao, an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
    entered into the loan framework agreement with its shareholders Dingmao Construction and Ningnan
    Assets Management (the “Ningbo Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Ningbo Yongmao
    agreed to provide loans to Dingmao Construction and Ningnan Assets Management (or their
    respective designated entities) based on the same terms and conditions and in proportion to the
    shareholding ratio of Dingmao Construction and Ningnan Assets Management in Ningbo Yongmao.
    Under the Ningbo Framework Agreement, the effective interest rate of each of the loans shall be
    determined by reference to the loan prime rate for the loans of the same term as published by the
    National Interbank Funding Center from time to time, subject to a floating range of 50% higher or
    lower than such rate. The parties shall enter into specific loan agreements separately according to
    the terms and conditions set out in the Ningbo Framework Agreement. The Ningbo Framework
    Agreement shall be for a term of three years commencing from 22 June 2022. During the term of
    the Ningbo Framework Agreement, the cap on the maximum daily balance (including the accrued
    interest) of the loans to be provided by Ningbo Yongmao to Ningnan Assets Management (or its
    designated entities) will be RMB720 million. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the transaction
    amount did not exceed the aforesaid cap.


    Dingmao Construction is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Ningbo Yongmao is
    an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company owned as to 80% by Dingmao Construction
    and 20% by Ningnan Assets Management. Ningnan Assets Management is a connected person
    at the subsidiary level of the Company as it is a substantial shareholder of Ningbo Yongmao.
    Accordingly, the transaction of Ningbo Yongmao providing loans to Ningnan Assets Management (or
    its designated entities) constitutes a continuing connected transaction in which the Group provides
    financial assistance to a connected person at the subsidiary level under Chapter 14A of the Listing
    Rules.


9   Cash pooling accession and cooperation agreement among the Company, Sinochem
    Hong Kong and the Bank
    On 23 June 2020, the Company (as a new customer) entered into the accession agreement with
    Sinochem Hong Kong and the Bank (the “Original Accession Agreement”), pursuant to which the
    Company agreed to become a party to the cash pooling agreement dated 19 June 2008 (the “Original
    Cash Pooling Agreement”) and join the cash pool established by Sinochem Hong Kong (as the
    principal customer and the guarantor), the Sinochem member companies (each as a customer) and
    the Bank. On the same day, the Company and Sinochem Hong Kong entered into the cooperation
    agreement which further regulated their rights and obligations under the cash pooling cooperation
    arrangement, and provided additional protection to the Company.
158   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




              In order to consolidate a series of amendments that have been made to the Original Cash Pooling
              Agreement since its execution in 2008 and to reflect the latest regulatory requirements governing
              the European financial market, Sinochem Hong Kong and the Bank entered into a new cash pooling
              agreement (the “New Cash Pooling Agreement”) on 27 May 2021 to terminate and replace the
              Original Cash Pooling Agreement. In this connection, the Company entered into an accession
              agreement with Sinochem Hong Kong and the Bank on 28 October 2021 (the “New Accession
              Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to become a party to the New Cash Pooling
              Agreement as a customer. Pursuant to the New Cash Pooling Agreement, any accounts of the
              Company and their credit or debit balances, as the case may be, under the Original Cash Pooling
              Agreement would be deemed accounts with corresponding credit or debit balances under the New
              Cash Pooling Agreement. Each customer (including the Company) should pledge to the Bank, by
              way of a first ranking right of pledge, all its present and future claims on the Bank arising from, or in
              connection with, its accounts, as security for the fulfillment of the secured obligations of all customers,
              which constituted a provision of financial assistance among customers of the cash pool (including the
              Company, Sinochem Hong Kong and group companies of Sinochem Hong Kong. Sinochem Hong
              Kong irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed to the Bank the due payment and performance by
              each customer of all present and future secured obligations of each customer. On the same day, the
              Company and Sinochem Hong Kong entered into the Supplemental Agreement to the Cooperation
              Agreement to confirm that the terms under the Cooperation Agreement should equally apply to
              the arrangement under the New Cash Pooling Agreement. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement,
              the daily balance (including the accrued interest) of the deposit placed by the Company in the cash
              pool should not exceed US$100,000,000, and the interest rate of the deposit should be calculated
              at overnight LIBOR plus 10 base points. In addition, for the purpose of providing protection to the
              Company for the safety of its deposit placed in the cash pool, Sinochem Hong Kong provided the
              loan in a principal amount of US$100,000,000 (equivalent to the maximum amount of the deposit) to
              the Company pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement. No security over the assets of the Company
              was required for the loan. The loan would be renewed upon maturity to ensure that the loan was
              in place at all times during the term of the cash pooling cooperation arrangement. If the Company
              was not able to recover any or part of the deposit, the Company would have the right to set off the
              amount of the shortfall against its repayment obligation under the loan on a dollar-to-dollar basis.
              The term of the cash pooling cooperation arrangement ended on 31 December 2022. For the year
              ended 31 December 2022, the transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid cap.


              On 17 March 2023, the Company and Sinochem Hong Kong entered into the Supplemental
              Agreement II to the Cooperation Agreement in relation to the cash pooling cooperation arrangement
              (the “Supplemental Agreement II”) to extend the cash pooling cooperation arrangement to 31
              December 2025. Pursuant to the Supplemental Agreement II, the daily balance (including the accrued
              interest) of the deposit placed by the Company in the cash pool during the extended period of the
              cash pooling cooperation arrangement shall not exceed US$120,000,000. The interest rate of the US
              dollar deposit shall be calculated at overnight SOFR plus 10 base points and the interest rate of the
              Hong Kong dollar deposit at overnight HIBOR plus 10 base points. In addition, for the purpose of
              providing protection to the Company for the safety of its deposit placed in the cash pool, Sinochem
              Hong Kong has agreed to continue provide the loan in a principal amount of US$120,000,000
              (equivalent to the maximum amount of the deposit) to the Company pursuant to the Supplemental
              Agreement II.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022       159


                                                                                Report of the Directors




           Sinochem Hong Kong is an direct controlling shareholder of the Company, therefore is a connect
           person of the Company. The cash pooling cooperation arrangement involves a provision of financial
           assistance among customers of the cash pool (including the Company, Sinochem Hong Kong and
           group companies of Sinochem Hong Kong), and therefore constitutes a continuing connected
           transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


II.   CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS APPROVED OR TO BE
      APPROVED BY INDEPENDENT SHAREHOLDERS
      10   Financial services framework agreement between the Company and Sinochem Finance
           On 7 July 2020, the Company and Sinochem Finance entered into a financial services framework
           agreement (the “2020 Sinochem Financial Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the
           Group would utilise the financial services provided by Sinochem Finance on a non-exclusive basis as
           it deemed necessary during the period until 31 December 2022, including deposit and loan services,
           entrustment loans, settlement services, guarantee services, internet banking services and any other
           financial services as approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, and
           paid the relevant interests and service fees to or received deposit interest from Sinochem Finance.
           The relevant fees and loan interest should be determined at a rate no higher than the standards
           as set by the PBOC from time to time or the market price, and the deposit interest should be
           determined at a rate no lower than the benchmark interest rate as promulgated by the PBOC from
           time to time or the market price. The settlement services are provided free of charge. During the
           term of the 2020 Sinochem Financial Services Framework Agreement, the cap on the maximum
           daily balance (including the accrued interest) of the deposits placed by the Group with Sinochem
           Finance would be RMB10,000 million. The deposit services (including the maximum daily balance)
           under the 2020 Sinochem Financial Services Framework Agreement were considered and approved
           at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 24 August 2020. The term of the 2020
           Sinochem Financial Services Framework Agreement ended on 31 December 2022. For the year ended
           31 December 2022, the transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid cap.


           On 16 November 2022, the Company and Sinochem Finance entered into a renewed financial services
           framework agreement (the “2022 Sinochem Financial Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to
           which the Group will continue to utilise the financial services provided by Sinochem Finance on a
           non-exclusive basis as it deems necessary during the period until 31 December 2025. The terms of
           the 2022 Sinochem Financial Services Framework Agreement are substantially the same as those of
           the 2020 Sinochem Financial Services Framework Agreement. During the term of the 2022 Sinochem
           Financial Services Framework Agreement, the cap on the maximum daily balance (including the
           accrued interest) of the deposits placed by the Group with Sinochem Finance will be RMB10,000
           million. The deposit services (including the maximum daily balance) under the 2022 Sinochem
           Financial Services Framework Agreement have been considered and approved at the extraordinary
           general meeting of the Company held on 23 December 2022.
160   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




               Sinochem Finance is a subsidiary of Sinochem Holdings, the ultimate controlling shareholder of
               the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. The transactions under the
               2020 Sinochem Financial Services Framework Agreement and the 2022 Sinochem Financial Services
               Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter
               14A of the Listing Rules.


          11   Financial services framework agreement between the Company and various
               subsidiaries of Ping An
               On 18 March 2020, the Company entered into the financial services framework agreement (the “2020
               Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement”) with various subsidiaries of Ping An (including
               Ping An Bank Co., Ltd., Ping An Trust Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Qianhai Pingyu Commercial Factoring
               Co., Ltd., Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of China, Ltd., Ping An Annuity Insurance
               Company of China, Ltd., Ping An Real Estate and Ping An Asset Management Co., Ltd.), pursuant to
               which the Group would, when it deemed necessary during the period until 31 December 2022, utilise
               the financial services that Ping An member companies provided on a non-exclusive basis, including
               deposit and loan services, entrustment loans services, mortgage loan services, settlement services,
               factoring services (including financing factoring services and non-financing factoring services),
               commercial insurance services and other financial services as approved by competent authorities
               such as the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the China Securities Regulatory
               Commission, and paid the relevant interests and service fees to or received deposit interest from
               Ping An member companies. The relevant fees and loan interest should be determined at a rate no
               higher than the rates offered by independent financial institutions of the same type under the same
               conditions, and the deposit interest should be determined at a rate no lower than the benchmark
               interest rate as promulgated by the PBOC or those offered by independent financial institutions. The
               mortgage loan services and settlement services were provided free of charge. During the term of
               the 2020 Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement, the caps on the maximum daily balance
               (including the accrued interest) of the deposit services, the loan services and the financing factoring
               services were RMB8,000 million, RMB10,000 million and RMB3,000 million, respectively. The deposit
               services, the loan services and the financing factoring services (including their respective maximum
               daily balances) under the 2020 Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement were considered
               and approved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 8 May 2020. The term of
               the 2020 Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement ended on 31 December 2022. For the year
               ended 31 December 2022, the transaction amount did not exceed the aforesaid caps.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          161


                                                                                  Report of the Directors




          On 16 November 2022, the Company entered into the renewed financial services framework
          agreement (the “2022 Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement”) with various subsidiaries of
          Ping An (including Ping An Bank Co., Ltd., Ping An Wealth Management Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Qianhai
          Pingyu Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of China,
          Ltd., Ping An Annuity Insurance Company of China, Ltd., Ping An Real Estate and Ping An Asset
          Management Co., Ltd.), pursuant to which the Group will, when it deems necessary during the period
          until 31 December 2025, continue to utilise the financial services that Ping An member companies
          provide on a non-exclusive basis. The terms of the 2022 Ping An Financial Services Framework
          Agreement are substantially the same as those of the 2020 Ping An Financial Services Framework
          Agreement. During the term of the 2022 Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement, the
          caps on the maximum daily balance (including the accrued interest) of the deposit services, the loan
          services and the financing factoring services are RMB8,000 million, RMB10,000 million and RMB3,000
          million, respectively, while the annual caps of all other financial services are RMB20 million, RMB21
          million and RMB22 million, respectively. The deposit services, the loan services and the financing
          factoring services (including their respective maximum daily balances) under the 2022 Ping An
          Financial Services Framework Agreement have been considered and approved at the extraordinary
          general meeting of the Company held on 23 December 2022.


          Each of Ping An and its subsidiaries is an associate of Ping An Life Insurance, a substantial shareholder
          of the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the transactions
          under the 2020 Ping An Financial Services Framework Agreement and the 2022 Ping An Financial
          Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
          Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the Period under Review and up to the date of this report, the one-time connected transactions of the
Company include:


Acquisition of Equity Interests in Xi’an Tingmao by Jin Mao Hainan
On 29 April 2022, Jin Mao Hainan Investment Company Limited (“Jin Mao Hainan”, an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company) entered into the equity transfer agreement with Tianjin Xinmao Equity Investment
Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Tianjin Xinmao”), Jiaxing Huimao Investment Company Limited (“Jiaxing
Huimao”) and Xi’an Tingmao Enterprise Management Company Limited (“Xi’an Tingmao”), pursuant to
which, (i) Jin Mao Hainan agreed to acquire all equity interests in Xi’an Tingmao held by Tianjin Xinmao and
Jiaxing Huimao for a total consideration of RMB124,960,885.73; and (ii) Jin Mao Hainan agreed to provide the
shareholder’s loan of RMB24,290,000 to Xi’an Tingmao for its repayment of a shareholder’s loan provided by
Tianjin Xinmao. Upon completion of the equity acquisition, Xi’an Tingmao became an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company.


As the Group owns over 50% interests in Tianjin Xinmao, and Sinochem Holdings, through its associates, owns
over 10% interests in Tianjin Xinmao, and Sinochem Holdings is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the
Company, Tianjin Xinmao is a connected person of the Company. As such, the transaction (including the equity
acquisition and the provision of the shareholder’s loan) constitutes a connected transaction of the Company
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The transaction was completed on 11 May 2022.
162   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      Acquisition of Equity Interests in Qingdao Fangqian by Xingmao Properties
      On 30 June 2022, Xingmao Properties, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an
      agreement with Haoji Properties, pursuant to which Xingmao Properties agreed to acquire 14% equity interest
      in Qingdao Fangqian Properties Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Fangqian”) held by Haoji Properties at a consideration of
      RMB92,571,794. In addition, Xingmao Properties successfully won the bid for 18% equity interest in Qingdao
      Fangqian held by China Overseas Enterprise Development Group Co., Ltd. (“China Overseas Development”)
      through the listing-for-sale process organised by the China Beijing Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. On 30 June 2022,
      Xingmao Properties and China Overseas Development entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Xingmao
      Properties agreed to acquire 18% equity interest in Qingdao Fangqian held by China Overseas Development at
      a consideration of RMB119,020,878. Upon completion of the above two acquisitions, Qingdao Fangqian became
      an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


      Haoji Properties is a subsidiary of Ping An and is also a connected person of the Company. Accordingly,
      the acquisition of 14% equity interest in Qingdao Fangqian held by Haoji Properties by Xingmao Properties
      constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The transaction was
      completed on 8 July 2022.


      Acquisitions of Equity Interests in Yongyun Real Estate and Yonghuan Real Estate by Jinmao
      Huadong
      On 11 July 2022, Jinmao Huadong Enterprises Management Co., Ltd. (“Jinmao Huadong”, an indirect wholly-
      owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into two contracts with Ningbo Ningnan Xincheng Development
      Investment Co., Ltd. (“Ningnan Development”), pursuant to which Jinmao Huadong agreed to acquire
      from Ningnan Development the entire equity interests and creditor’s rights in Ningbo Yongyun Real Estate
      Development Co., Ltd. (“Yongyun Real Estate”) and Ningbo Yonghuan Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.
      (“Yonghuan Real Estate”) held by Ningnan Development at a total consideration of RMB3,735,651,247.62. Upon
      completion of the two acquisitions, Yongyun Real Estate and Yonghuan Real Estate became indirect wholly-
      owned subsidiaries of the Company.


      The acquisitions of the entire equity interests and creditor’s rights in Yongyun Real Estate and Yonghuan Real
      Estate constitute discloseable transactions of the Group under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules. In addition,
      Ningnan Assets Management is a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level. Ningnan
      Development is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ningnan Assets Management and therefore a connected person of
      the Company at the subsidiary level. Accordingly, the transaction constitutes a connected transaction between
      the Group and a connected person at the subsidiary level under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The transaction
      was completed on 29 July 2022.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022       163


                                                                                  Report of the Directors




Connected Transaction under Project Development Entrusted Management Contract
On 30 December 2022, the Company and its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Shijiazhuang Baobo Real Estate
Development Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang Baobo”) entered into a project development entrusted management
contract with Sinochem Holdings and its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Sinochem Holdings Xiong’an Property
Co., Ltd. (“Sinochem Xiong’an”), pursuant to which Shijiazhuang Baobo will provide management services
to Sinochem Xiong’an in relation to the development and construction of the office building project to be
constructed on land parcel No.15 in Corporate Headquarters Zone, Xiong’an New Area Startup Zone, Hebei
Province at a consideration of 5% of the construction cost of the project, which is expected to be no more than
RMB113,110,000 in aggregate.


Sinochem Holdings is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, and a connected person of the
Company. Sinochem Xiong’an is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinochem Holdings, and is also a
connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the transaction constitutes a connected transaction of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
In the opinion of the independent non-executive Directors of the Company, the continuing connected
transactions for the year ended 31 December 2022 were entered into by the Group:


•    in the ordinary and usual course of its business;


•    on normal commercial terms; and


•    in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and
     reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.


The auditor of the Company has been engaged to report on the continuing connected transactions of the
Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”
and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong
Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors
has received an unqualified letter from the auditor of the Company in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing
Rules, stating that the auditor has not noticed that any of these continuing connected transactions:


•    have not been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;


•    for the connected transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group have not been
     entered into in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group in all material aspects;


•    have not been entered into in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such
     continuing connected transactions in all material aspects; and


•    have exceeded the relevant caps for the year ended 31 December 2022.
164   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, as
      at the date of this report, there is sufficient public float of not less than 25% of the Company’s total issued share
      capital as required under the Listing Rules.


      PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
      Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Issuance of Notes and Bonds” and “Redemption of Notes” under
      the “Report of the Directors” in this report, during the Period under Review, none of the Company or any of its
      subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.


      ISSUANCE OF NOTES AND BONDS
      1    Issue of domestic corporate bonds
           On 16 February 2022, Shanghai Jinmao Investment Management Group Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Jinmao”) (as
           the issuer) completed the issue of the corporate bonds with the principal amount of RMB1,800,000,000
           to professional investors. These bonds are unsecured and have a term of 5 years, and the issuer shall be
           entitled to adjust the coupon rate and the investors shall be entitled to sell back the corporate bonds at
           the end of the third year. The final coupon rate is fixed at 3.20%. All of the proceeds from the issuance of
           these bonds amounting to approximately RMB1,800 million had been used to repay all the existing debts
           of the Company. As at the date of this report, the Group did not redeem or cancel any of these bonds.


      2    Issue of senior guaranteed notes
           On 25 February 2022, the Company together with Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) entered into
           a purchase agreement with CLSA Limited, China Securities (International) Corporate Finance Company
           Limited, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Hong Kong Branch and China
           International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities Limited (as the initial purchasers) in respect of
           the subscription and sale of the US$200,000,000 senior guaranteed notes with an interest rate of 4.4% per
           annum. These notes are guaranteed by the Company and the issuance of these notes was completed on
           4 March 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance of these notes amounted to approximately US$199.3
           million. All of the net proceeds from these notes had been used by the Company to repay the medium –
           and long-term overseas debts due within the following year. As at the date of this report, the Group did
           not redeem or cancel any of these notes.


      3    Issue of senior guaranteed notes
           On 15 March 2022, the Company together with Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) entered into a
           purchase agreement with ABCI Capital Limited and CLSA Limited (as the initial purchasers) in respect of
           the subscription and sale of the US$150,000,000 senior guaranteed notes with an interest rate of 4.4%
           per annum. These notes are guaranteed by the Company and the issuance of these notes was completed
           on 22 March 2022. The issue price of these securities was 99.998% of the principal amount plus accrued
           interest from 4 March 2022. The net proceeds from the issuance of these notes amounted to approximately
           US$150.0 million. All of the net proceeds from these notes had been used by the Company to repay the
           medium – and long-term overseas debts due within the following year. These notes have been consolidated
           and form a single series with the senior guaranteed notes issued by Franshion Brilliant Limited on 4 March
           2022. As at the date of this report, the Group did not redeem or cancel any of these notes.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022           165


                                                                                  Report of the Directors




4   Issue of domestic corporate bonds
    On 25 March 2022, Shanghai Jinmao (as the issuer) completed the issue of the corporate bonds with the
    principal amount of RMB1,500,000,000 to professional investors. These bonds are unsecured and have a
    term of 5 years, and the issuer shall be entitled to adjust the coupon rate and the investors shall be entitled
    to sell back the corporate bonds at the end of the third year. The final coupon rate is fixed at 3.5%. All of
    the proceeds from the issuance of these bonds amounting to approximately RMB1,500 million have been
    used entirely to repay other debts of the Company. As at the date of this report, the Group did not redeem
    or cancel any of these bonds.


5   Issue of domestic corporate bonds
    On 8 July 2022, Shanghai Jinmao (as the issuer) completed the issue of the corporate bonds with the
    principal amount of RMB2,000,000,000 to professional investors. These bonds are unsecured and have a
    term of 5 years, and the issuer shall be entitled to adjust the coupon rate and the investors shall be entitled
    to sell back the corporate bonds at the end of the third year. The final coupon rate is fixed at 3.28%. All of
    the proceeds from the issuance of these bonds amounting to approximately RMB2,000 million have been
    used entirely for the acquisition of Yongyun Real Estate and Yonghuan Real Estate. As at the date of this
    report, the Group did not redeem or cancel any of these bonds.


6   Issue of unsecured medium-term notes
    On 27 July 2022, Shanghai Jinmao completed the issuance of the first tranche of the medium-term notes
    in a principal amount of RMB2,000,000,000 to qualified investors. The unsecured notes have a term of
    three years and a final coupon rate of 3.29%. The proceeds from the issuance of the notes amounted
    to approximately RMB2,000 million. Part of the proceeds have been used for project development and
    construction and the remaining proceeds will be used for the same purpose. As at the date of this report,
    the Group did not redeem or cancel any of these notes.


7   Issue of domestic corporate bonds
    On 29 September 2022, Shanghai Jinmao (as the issuer) completed the issue of the corporate bonds with
    the principal amount of RMB2,000,000,000 to professional investors. These bonds are unsecured and have a
    term of 5 years, and the issuer shall be entitled to adjust the coupon rate and the investors shall be entitled
    to sell back the corporate bonds at the end of the third year. The final coupon rate is fixed at 3.6%. All of
    the proceeds from the issuance of these bonds amounting to approximately RMB2,000 million have been
    used entirely to repay other debts of the Company. As at the date of this report, the Group did not redeem
    or cancel any of these bonds.


8   Issue of domestic corporate bonds
    On 20 February 2023, Shanghai Jinmao (as the issuer) completed the issue of the corporate bonds with the
    principal amount of RMB1,700,000,000 to professional investors. These bonds are unsecured and have a
    term of 5 years, and the issuer shall be entitled to adjust the coupon rate and the investors shall be entitled
    to sell back the corporate bonds at the end of the third year. The final coupon rate is fixed at 3.8%. All
    of the proceeds from the issuance of these bonds amounted to approximately RMB1,700 million. Part of
    the proceeds have been used to repay other debts of the Company and the remaining proceeds will be
    used for the same purpose. As at the date of this report, the Group did not redeem or cancel any of these
    bonds.
166   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      REDEMPTION OF NOTES
      1    Redemption of subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital securities
           As stated in the announcement of the Company dated 20 January 2017 regarding the issuance and listing
           of the securities, and the announcement dated 17 December 2021 regarding the notice of redemption
           of securities, Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) has elected to redeem all the securities at the
           aggregate principal amount of the securities plus any distributions (including any arrears of distribution and
           additional distribution amounts) accrued on the subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital securities issued
           by it in an aggregate principal amount of US$500,000,000 with an interest rate of 5.75% per annum, but
           excluding the distribution accrued on the scheduled redemption date of 17 January 2022 (being the first
           reset date). On 18 January 2022, the securities were fully redeemed and cancelled at the redemption price
           of US$514,375,000. The listing of the securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange was withdrawn on 25
           January 2022.

      2    Redemption of senior guaranteed perpetual capital securities
           As stated in the announcements of the Company dated 3 July 2017 and 8 September 2017 regarding
           the issuance and listing of the securities, and the announcement dated 2 December 2022 regarding the
           notice of redemption of securities, Franshion Brilliant Limited (as the issuer) has elected to redeem all the
           securities at the aggregate principal amount of the securities plus any distributions (including any arrears
           of distribution and additional distribution amounts) accrued on the senior guaranteed perpetual capital
           securities issued by it in an aggregate principal amount of US$500,000,000 with an interest rate of 4.00%
           per annum, but excluding the distribution accrued on the scheduled redemption date of 3 January 2023
           (being the first reset date). On 4 January 2023, the securities were fully redeemed and cancelled at the
           redemption price of US$510,000,000. The listing of the securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange was
           withdrawn on 11 January 2023.

      REVIEW OF THE OPTION OVER SHIMAO INVESTMENT BY THE INDEPENDENT
      BOARD COMMITTEE
      A written resolution was entered into by the Independent Board Committee comprising all independent non-
      executive Directors of the Company on 23 March 2023 to review its decision made on 25 August 2022 not to
      exercise, for the time being, the option to acquire Sinochem Group’s 15% interest in China Shimao Investment
      Company Limited (“Shimao Investment”).

      The Independent Board Committee has carefully reviewed the relevant information of Shimao Investment, taking
      into account the facts that Sinochem Group is a financial investor of Shimao Investment and owns only a minority
      and passive interest in it, and that the Company has always adhered to accelerating the asset turnover ratio
      and achieving rapid return of funds, and currently the overall total debt position maintains healthy. The funds of
      the Company are mainly used for the expenditure of acquired development projects and the expansion of land
      reserve for development segments. The projects recently acquired by the Company, including the projects in
      Beijing, Taiyuan, Qingdao, etc., are all at a stage that requires capital investment. In addition, the city operations
      projects in Huzhou, Nanchang, Changsha and Shanghai are projects with long development cycles and huge
      demand for funds, and the injection and expansion of industrial resources require long-term commitment in
      operation and relentless effort. The Company considers that the acquisition of Shimao Investment at the moment
      would pose greater challenges to the Company in various aspects, including manpower and financial capacity. As
      such, the independent non-executive Directors unanimously agreed that the exercise of the option over Shimao
      Investment at this moment is not in line with the Company’s prudent investment policy, and is not in the best
      interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          167


                                                                                  Report of the Directors




The Independent Board Committee unanimously resolved not to exercise the option to acquire Sinochem
Group’s 15% interest in Shimao Investment at this moment. As disclosed in the prospectus and the
announcement dated 9 April 2010 of the Company, the Independent Board Committee would continue to review
the option over Shimao Investment at the time when the interim and annual reports of the Company are to be
released.

REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee has reviewed with the management and the auditor of the Company the accounting
principles and practices adopted by the Company, and discussed with them the audit, internal control and
financial reporting matters of the Company, including review of the financial statements for 2022. The 2022
financial statements prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards were audited by
Ernst & Young based on the Hong Kong Standards on Auditing. Ernst & Young issued unqualified opinion on the
2022 financial statements.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS, DISPOSAL AND OTHER DISCLOSEABLE
TRANSACTIONS
During the Period under Review and as of the date of this report, save as disclosed in the section headed
“Connected Transactions” above, the material acquisitions, disposal and other discloseable transactions entered
into by the Company include the following:

Privatisation of China VAST
As stated in the announcements of the Company dated 9 June 2022, 30 June 2022, 29 July 2022, 29 August 2022,
29 September 2022, 12 October 2022, 17 October 2022, 25 October 2022, 31 October 2022, 23 November 2022,
2 December 2022 and 6 December 2022 and the scheme document dated 31 October 2022, the privatisation of
China VAST Industrial Urban Development Company Limited (“China VAST”) by the Company was approved and
implemented, involving, among others, (i) the cancellation of part of the ordinary shares of China VAST (including
429,671,827 shares held by non-controlling shareholders and 564,373,143 shares held by the controlling
shareholder); (ii) immediately following the aforesaid cancellation of shares, the issued share capital of China
VAST would be increased and restored to its former amount by the issue of new China VAST shares to the
Company at par; (iii) the controlling shareholder of China VAST continued to hold 163,472,511 rollover shares;
and (iv) withdrawal of the listing of the ordinary shares of China VAST on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As
consideration, the non-controlling shareholders would be entitled to receive HK$2.40 per share in cash for the
cancellation of the shares held by them, and the controlling shareholder would be entitled to receive HK$2.13
per share in cash for the cancellation of the shares held by it. The above transaction was effected by way of a
scheme of arrangement under section 86 of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and was fully completed
on 6 December 2022.

Provision of earnest money loan
On 22 June 2022, Tianjin Northern Demao Properties Company Limited (“Northern Demao”, an indirect wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into an agreement with Beijing Capital Development Co., Ltd.
(“BCDH”), pursuant to which, for the purpose of their subsequent cooperation in the development of the land
parcels numbered 29-319 and 320 situated at Naixi Village, Cuigezhuang Township, Chaoyang District, Beijing,
Northern Demao (i) agreed to provide BCDH and the project company, Beijing Zhimao Real Estate Development
Co., Ltd., with an earnest money loan in an aggregate amount of not exceeding RMB2,166,780,000 at an interest
rate of 5.3% per annum; and (ii) conditionally agreed to participate in the listing-for-sale process of the project
company in the form of capital injection. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 22
June 2022.
168   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Report of the Directors




      Provision of guarantee for Nanjing Runmao
      On 15 November 2022, Great Wall Wealth Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“Great Wall Wealth”) (as
      the creditor) and Nanjing Runmao Property Development Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Runmao”) (an affiliated company
      of the Company, as the debtor) entered into an investment agreement, pursuant to which Great Wall Wealth
      conditionally agreed to provide, through a debt investment plan established by it, the funds in a total amount
      of no more than RMB4.0 billion to Nanjing Runmao for its development and construction of the land parcels No.
      2016G97A, B and C located in Jianye District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province. As one of the conditions precedent
      to Great Wall Wealth’s provision of funds to Nanjing Runmao pursuant to the investment agreement, Shanghai
      Jinmao, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and China Resources Land Holdings Company Limited (“CR
      Land Holdings”) issued a letter of guarantee to Great Wall Wealth on 15 November 2022, pursuant to which
      Shanghai Jinmao agreed to provide a guarantee with respect to 27.5% of the debts of Nanjing Runmao under
      the investment agreement in proportion to the equity interest of the Group in Nanjing Runmao, and CR Land
      Holdings agreed to provide a guarantee with respect to the remaining 72.5% of the debts of Nanjing Runmao
      under the investment agreement. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 15
      November 2022.


      Acquisition of equity interests in Nanjing International
      On 15 March 2023, Jin Mao Suwan Enterprises Management (Tianjin) Company Limited (“Jin Mao Suwan”, an
      indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Jiaxing Liangmao Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)
      (“Jiaxing Liangmao”, an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and Nanjing International Mall
      Construction Company Limited (“Nanjing International”) entered into an equity acquisition agreement, pursuant
      to which Jin Mao Suwan agreed to acquire and Jiaxing Liangmao agreed to sell 37.7464% equity interests in
      Nanjing International for a consideration of RMB2,061,471,733. For details, please refer to the announcement of
      the Company dated 15 March 2023.


      MATERIAL LITIGATION
      For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company was not subject to any material litigation that could have
      an adverse impact on the Company.


      EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Save as disclosed under the section(s) headed “Issuance of Notes and Bonds”, “Redemption Of Notes” and
      “Material Acquisitions, Disposal and Other Discloseable Transactions” under the “Report of the Directors” in this
      report, there were no material events of the Group after the Reporting Period.


      AUDITOR
      The financial reports of the Group have been audited by Ernst & Young, who has offered itself for reappointment.
      A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting to re-appoint Ernst & Young as the
      auditor of the Company. The Company did not change its auditor in the past three years.


      On Behalf of the Board
      LI Fanrong
      Chairman
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022          169


                                              Independent Auditor’s Report


                           Ernst & Young             安永會計師事務所                Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                           27/F, One Taikoo Place    香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號            Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                           979 King’s Road           太古坊一座27樓                ey.com
                           Quarry Bay, Hong Kong



To the members of China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 176 to 319, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss,
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and
the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.
170   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Revaluation of investment properties


      The Group adopted the fair value model for its           We considered the competence, capabilities and
      investment properties in accordance with HKAS            objectivity of the external appraisers. We involved
      40 Investment Property . Changes in fair values          our real estate valuation specialists to assist us in
      were recognised in profit or loss. The valuations        evaluating the valuation techniques and assessing
      on the investment properties of the Group as at 31       the underlying assumptions for selected samples. We
      December 2022 were determined by management or           compared market rental assumptions against actual
      independent appraisers engaged by management.            rents of existing lease contracts and external market
      Different valuation techniques were applied to these     rents, expected vacancy rate against historical data
      investment properties. As both the year-end balance      maintained by the Group, and the discount rate,
      of RMB37,088,686,000 and the changes in fair value of    the growth rate and reversionary yield against those
      RMB1,625,045,000 were significant, and the valuation     of peers with similar nature and area of properties.
      involved management judgement and estimates based        We also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures
      on a projection of future rental income, growth rate,    of investment properties, including the fair value
      vacancy rate, discount rate and reversionary yield, we   hierarchy.
      considered the revaluation of investment properties a
      key audit matter of our audit.


      Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3 and 18 to
      the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022       171

                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report




Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Assessment of carrying values of properties for sale      For properties for sale held by the Group
held by the Group, its associates and joint ventures


As at 31 December 2022, the total carrying value of the   We understood and assessed the Group’s assessment
Group’s properties for sale, including properties under   of the carrying values of properties for sale.
development and properties held for sale, amounted
to RMB168,238,207,000.                                    In assessing the NRV of the properties for sale, we
                                                          evaluated, on a sample basis, the reasonableness of
Besides, as at 31 December 2022, the total carrying       their forecasted selling price based on the current
values of investments in associates and joint ventures,   market price of properties of comparable locations
and the amounts due from associates and joint             and conditions, and on our knowledge of the Group’s
ventures amounted to RMB75,881,669,000. Given the         business and the current market development in the
properties for sale represented the majority of the       real estate industry, where appropriate.
total assets of these associates and joint ventures,
management’s assessment on carrying values for the        For construction costs to be incurred to complete
investments in and amounts due from these companies       properties under development, we obtained an
would take into account the carrying values of the        understanding of the management’s process in
properties for sale held by these companies.              estimating the future costs to completion for the
                                                          properties under development and assessed the
The assessment of the carrying values of the properties   reasonableness of the budgeted construction costs,
for sale is complex because it involves significant       on a sample basis, by comparing to the actual
management judgements and estimates regarding,            development costs of similar projects recently
among others, the net realisable value (the “NRV”) of     completed by the Group and by checking to
the properties for sale and anticipated construction      construction contracts and other relevant documents.
costs to be incurred to complete the properties under
development based on existing plans.                      We re-calculated the carrying values of the properties
                                                          for sale based on management’s methodology at the
Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3, 6, 7,       year end.
15, 17, 22, 23 and 28 to the consolidated financial
statements.
172   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key audit matter                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter


                                            For properties for sale held by the Group’s
                                            associates and joint ventures


                                            We understood and assessed the Group’s assessment
                                            of the carrying values of the properties for sale held by
                                            its significant associates and joint ventures.


                                            In assessing the NRV of the properties for sale held
                                            by its significant associates and joint ventures, we
                                            evaluated, on a sample basis, the reasonableness
                                            of their forecasted gross profit margins based on
                                            the current market price and unit cost of properties
                                            of comparable locations and conditions, and based
                                            on our knowledge of the business of the significant
                                            associates and joint ventures and the current market
                                            development in the real estate industry, where
                                            appropriate.


                                            We re-calculated the carrying values of the properties
                                            for sale held by the Group’s significant associates and
                                            joint ventures based on management’s methodology
                                            at the year end.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022        173

                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report




OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate
the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
174   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Independent Auditor’s Report




      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


      •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
           to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
           that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
           misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
           forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
           are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
           of the Group’s internal control.


      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
           and related disclosures made by the directors.


      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
           based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
           that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
           that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
           disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
           opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
           However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
           the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
           and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
           are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
           responsible for our audit opinion.


      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
      the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
      during our audit.


      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
      be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
      applied.
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022         175

                                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report




From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Kwok Yin.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


28 March 2023
176   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                               2022           2021
                                                 Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000

       REVENUE                                     5     82,991,372     90,059,934
       Cost of sales                                     (69,845,752)   (73,302,309)
       Gross profit                                      13,145,620     16,757,625
       Other income and gains                      5     11,690,608      7,028,274
       Selling and marketing expenses                     (2,616,703)    (2,378,428)
       Administrative expenses                            (4,294,548)    (4,675,358)
       Other expenses and losses, net              7      (5,954,108)    (2,806,638)
       Finance costs                               8      (2,711,121)    (2,787,670)
       Share of profits and losses of:
         Joint ventures                                      73,467        996,077
         Associates                                         423,965        580,388
       PROFIT BEFORE TAX                           6      9,757,180     12,714,270
       Income tax expense                         11      (4,536,286)    (5,009,439)
       PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                5,220,894      7,704,831

       Attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                             1,984,083      4,689,944
         Non-controlling interests                        3,236,811      3,014,887
                                                          5,220,894      7,704,831

       EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
         ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT    13      RMB cents     RMB cents
       Basic                                                   15.56          36.95
       Diluted                                                 15.56          36.91
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022        177


Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                 Notes    RMB’000         RMB’000

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                      5,220,894         7,704,831
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
Other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations              (4,337,533)       1,458,692
  Net gain on cash flow hedges                                              46,786           57,096
Net other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net of tax                    (4,290,747)       1,515,788
Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
    Gains on property revaluation                                 14              –          11,179
    Income tax effect                                             37              –           (2,795)
Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net of tax                             –           8,384
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE YEAR,
  NET OF TAX                                                             (4,290,747)       1,524,172
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                    930,147         9,229,003

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                   (2,401,794)       6,224,453
  Non-controlling interests                                              3,331,941         3,004,550
                                                                           930,147         9,229,003
178   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      31 December 2022




                                                                 31 December   31 December
                                                                       2022           2021
                                                         Notes      RMB’000       RMB’000

       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                      14      13,401,296     11,732,936
       Properties under development                       15      85,144,984     83,696,594
       Land under development                             16      20,294,254     13,065,966
       Investment properties                              18      37,088,686     31,564,522
       Right-of-use assets                               19(a)     1,951,675      1,697,886
       Goodwill                                           20         249,122              –
       Intangible assets                                  21         487,425        174,888
       Investments in joint ventures                      22      25,883,714     22,187,070
       Investments in associates                          23      22,770,194     20,335,619
       Deferred tax assets                                37       3,734,707      3,248,538
       Due from non-controlling shareholders              31       4,492,278      4,533,781
       Due from related parties                           28       6,129,530     11,857,042
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets    26         314,271        446,838
       Trade receivables                                  25       2,429,970              –
       Other financial assets                             29       6,051,037      1,549,336
       Total non-current assets                                  230,423,143    206,091,016
       CURRENT ASSETS
       Properties under development                       15      59,899,476     61,127,564
       Properties held for sale                           17      23,193,747     27,477,555
       Land under development                             16       2,755,074      1,854,024
       Inventories                                        24         395,544        234,105
       Trade and bills receivables                        25       2,213,248      2,081,970
       Contract assets                                    27         476,017      1,400,898
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets    26      28,498,777     37,726,274
       Due from related parties                           28      24,288,192     30,253,973
       Prepaid tax                                                 5,042,577      4,010,454
       Other financial assets                             29              41            42
       Derivative financial instruments                   34           6,312              –
       Restricted bank balances                           30       7,614,247      8,693,792
       Cash and cash equivalents                          30      37,089,244     31,050,637
       Total current assets                                      191,472,496    205,911,288
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022        179

                                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                     31 December 2022




                                                                   31 December        31 December
                                                                              2022             2021
                                                          Notes        RMB’000             RMB’000

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                    32       30,833,056           28,951,562
Other payables and accruals                                 33       79,981,676          103,811,166
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                  35       26,547,294           25,081,186
Lease liabilities                                          19(b)        175,448             117,206
Due to related parties                                      28       45,484,326           38,966,238
Tax payable                                                           2,773,003            1,989,835
Derivative financial instruments                            34                   –           13,623
Provision for land appreciation tax                         36        2,664,013            2,314,063
Total current liabilities                                           188,458,816          201,244,879
NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                    3,013,680            4,666,409
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                               233,436,823          210,757,425
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                  35       96,117,796           81,946,903
Lease liabilities                                          19(b)        950,654             948,770
Other payables and accruals                                 33        1,980,728             771,559
Derivative financial instruments                            34                   –           28,072
Due to related parties                                      28       12,220,269           13,305,676
Deferred tax liabilities                                    37        9,480,636            6,962,817
Total non-current liabilities                                       120,750,083          103,963,797
Net assets                                                          112,686,740          106,793,628

EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                               39       26,738,026           26,140,465
Other reserves                                                       20,707,401           23,820,884
                                                                     47,445,427           49,961,349
Non-controlling interests                                            65,241,313           56,832,279
Total equity                                                        112,686,740          106,793,628




                            Li Congrui                             Jiang Nan
                             Director                              Director
180   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                              PRC
                                                                               Asset     statutory Exchange                           Share                                                Non–
                                                     Share       Capital revaluation       surplus fluctuation       Hedging         option       Retained       Merger               controlling          Total
                                                    capital      reserve     reserve       reserve     reserve        reserve       reserve         profits      reserve        Total interests           equity
                                          Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                  (note 39)    (note 41) (note 41)       (note 41)                  (note 41)     (note 41)

       At 1 January 2021                          26,132,248   (4,364,394)    186,522    4,993,821     (645,159)      (95,947)     186,967        20,698,006     (330,000) 46,762,064     55,065,018 101,827,082
       Profit for the year                                 –            –           –            –            –             –            –         4,689,944            – 4,689,944        3,014,887 7,704,831
       Other comprehensive
         income/(loss) for the year:
         Exchange differences on
            translation of foreign
            operations                                    –             –           –            –    1,469,029             –                –             –           –     1,469,029       (10,337)   1,458,692
         Net gain on cash flow hedges                     –             –           –            –            –        57,096                –             –           –        57,096             –       57,096
       Net gain on property
         revaluation                                      –             –       8,384            –            –             –                –             –           –         8,384             –         8,384
       Total comprehensive income
          for the year                                    –             –       8,384            –    1,469,029        57,096                –     4,689,944           –     6,224,453     3,004,550    9,229,003
       Repurchase of shares                39             –             –           –            –            –             –                –      (134,804)          –      (134,804)            –     (134,804)
       Issue of perpetual capital
          instruments                      38             –             –           –            –            –             –                –             –           –             –    4,233,900     4,233,900
       Issue expense of perpetual
          capital instruments                             –             –           –            –            –             –                –             –           –             –       (10,964)      (10,964)
       Redemption of perpetual capital
          instruments                      38             –             –           –            –            –             –                –             –           –             –    (7,308,847)   (7,308,847)
       Perpetual capital instruments’
          distribution                                    –             –           –            –            –             –                –             –           –             –    (1,290,474)   (1,290,474)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries         43             –             –           –            –            –             –                –             –           –             –       504,183       504,183
       Final 2020 dividend declared        12             –             –           –            –            –             –                –    (1,462,990)          –    (1,462,990)            –    (1,462,990)
       2021 interim dividend declared      12             –             –           –            –            –             –                –    (1,266,204)          –    (1,266,204)            –    (1,266,204)
       Acquisition of non-controlling
          interests                                       –     (116,526)           –           –             –             –                –             –           –      (116,526)     (470,696)    (587,222)
       Capital repayment of
          non-controlling shareholders                    –     (100,322)           –           –             –             –                –             –           –      (100,322)   (1,245,488)   (1,345,810)
       Capital contribution from
          non-controlling shareholders                    –        2,783            –           –             –             –                –             –           –         2,783    5,569,341     5,572,124
       Dividends distribution to
          non-controlling shareholders                    –             –           –           –             –             –                –             –           –             –    (1,218,244)   (1,218,244)
       Equity-settled share option
          arrangements                     40             –             –           –           –             –             –          46,127              –           –        46,127             –       46,127
       Exercise of share options           39         8,217             –           –           –             –             –          (1,449)             –           –         6,768             –        6,768
       Transfer of share option reserve
          upon the forfeiture of share
          options                                         –             –           –           –             –             –          (24,922)       24,922           –             –             –             –
       Transfer from retained profits                     –             –           –     527,816             –             –                –      (527,816)          –             –             –             –
       At 31 December 2021                        26,140,465   (4,578,459)*   194,906*   5,521,637*     823,870*      (38,851)*    206,723* 22,021,058*          (330,000)* 49,961,349    56,832,279 106,793,628
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022                         181

                                                                                            Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                             PRC
                                                                                Asset   statutory Exchange                           Share                                            Non–
                                                       Share      Capital revaluation     surplus fluctuation       Hedging         option     Retained      Merger              controlling      Total
                                                      capital     reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve        reserve       reserve       profits     reserve       Total interests       equity
                                           Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                    (note 39)   (note 41) (note 41)     (note 41)                  (note 41)     (note 41)

    At 1 January 2022                              26,140,465 (4,578,459)    194,906    5,521,637     823,870        (38,851)        206,723 22,021,058     (330,000) 49,961,349 56,832,279 106,793,628
    Profit for the year                                     –          –           –            –           –              –               – 1,984,083             – 1,984,083 3,236,811 5,220,894
    Other comprehensive
      income/(loss) for the year:
      Exchange differences on
         translation of foreign
         operations                                        –            –           –           – (4,432,663)             –               –           –            – (4,432,663)      95,130 (4,337,533)
      Net gain on cash flow hedges                         –            –           –           –          –         46,786               –           –            –     46,786            –     46,786
    Total comprehensive income for
       the year                                            –            –           –           – (4,432,663)        46,786               –   1,984,083            – (2,401,794) 3,331,941       930,147
    Redemption of perpetual
       capital instruments                  38             –            –           –           –            –             –              –           –            –           – (3,406,496) (3,406,496)
    Perpetual capital
       instruments’ distribution                           –            –           –           –            –             –              –           –            –           –     (868,815) (868,815)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries             43             –            –           –           –            –             –              –           –            –           –    3,108,725 3,108,725
    Issue of shares as a result of scrip
       dividend                             12       594,337            –           –           –            –             –              –    (594,337)           –           –           –           –
    2022 interim dividends paid
       by cash                              12             –            –           –           –            –             –              –    (405,444)           –    (405,444)          –    (405,444)
    Acquisition of non-
       controlling interests                               –      (48,533)          –           –            –             –              –           –            –     (48,533)   (717,625)   (766,158)
    Capital contribution from non-
       controlling shareholders                            –       1,224            –           –            –             –              –           –            –       1,224 9,391,443 9,392,667
    De-registration of a subsidiary                        –           –            –           –            –             –              –           –            –           – (1,820,471) (1,820,471)
    Distribution in specie and
       changes in the ownership
       interests in Jinmao Property
       Services Co., Ltd.
       (“Jinmao Services”)                  12             –    1,643,419           –           –            –             –              – (1,259,142)            –    384,277      286,768     671,045
    Dividends distribution to
       non-controlling shareholders                        –            –           –           –            –             –              –           –            –           –    (896,436)   (896,436)
    Equity-settled share
       option arrangements                  40             –            –           –           –            –             –         (48,308)         –            –     (48,308)          –     (48,308)
    Exercise of share options               39         3,224            –           –           –            –             –            (568)         –            –       2,656           –       2,656
    Transfer from retained profits                         –            –           –   1,000,536            –             –               – (1,000,536)           –           –           –           –
    At 31 December 2022                            26,738,026 (2,982,349)* 194,906* 6,522,173* (3,608,793)*          7,935*      157,847* 20,745,682*       (330,000)* 47,445,427 65,241,313 112,686,740

*            These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of RMB20,707,401,000 (2021: RMB23,820,884,000) in the
             consolidated statement of financial position.
182   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                       2022          2021
                                                                          Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000

       CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
       Profit before tax                                                           9,757,180     12,714,270
       Adjustments for:
         Finance costs                                                      8       2,711,121      2,787,670
         Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                (497,432)    (1,576,465)
         Interest income                                                    5      (2,130,988)    (2,387,013)
         Other investment income                                            5        (474,346)      (631,942)
         Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and
            equipment                                                      6            1,205        14,393
         Gain on disposal of items of intangible assets                     6               –           (18)
         Provision of impairment of trade and bills receivables           6,25          8,118         6,016
         (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of financial assets
            included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets    6           (2,475)        5,828
         Impairment of amounts due from related parties                    7        1,585,912             –
         Impairment of properties under development                        7        3,100,161       594,285
         Impairment of properties held for sale                            7        1,259,329       399,306
         Fair value (gains)/losses on investment properties               6,18     (1,625,045)    1,676,648
         Fair value gains on transfers from properties held for sale to
            investment properties                                           4         (34,725)             –
         Loss on revision of a lease term arising from a change in the
            non-cancellable period of a lease                                              14              –
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    6,14        470,073        438,676
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              6,19        166,769        187,087
         Amortisation of intangible assets                                6,21         35,205         23,166
         Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                 5,44       (584,294)    (1,068,824)
         Fair value gains on the equity interests previously held
            as investments in joint ventures and associates               5,43       (833,929)      (266,183)
         Gain on bargain purchase                                         5,43     (3,926,368)       (93,763)
         Gain on disposal of investments in joint ventures and
            associates                                                      5         (87,258)      (440,906)
         Equity-settled share option expense                              6,40        (48,308)        46,127
         Fair value gain of a convertible bond                              5         (48,544)       (20,598)
         Gain on acquisition of an associate                               5                –     (1,660,284)
         Fair value gains on financial assets                               5      (1,249,700)             –
                                                                                    7,551,675     10,747,476
       Increase in properties under development                                   (51,381,418)   (81,193,195)
       Decrease in properties held for sale                                        63,765,378     69,506,049
       Increase in land under development                                          (1,495,240)      (651,524)
       Increase in inventories                                                       (161,439)       (58,213)
       Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables                             125,237     (1,641,210)
       Decrease/(increase) in contract assets                                         924,881       (611,570)
       Decrease in prepayments, other receivables and
          other assets                                                             12,310,530     1,468,255
       (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from related parties                     (5,661,826)    1,251,093
       (Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables                               (165,204)    7,324,905
       Decrease in other payables and accruals                                    (24,949,727)     (899,534)
       Increase in amounts due to related parties                                   5,239,032       955,971
       Effect of exchange rate changes, net                                          (999,543)      494,611
                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        183

                                                       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                           2022           2021
                                                             Notes      RMB’000        RMB’000

Cash generated from operations                                         5,102,336        6,693,114
Interest received                                                      1,263,236        2,248,870
PRC corporate income tax paid                                         (3,193,789)      (3,014,554)
Land appreciation tax paid                                            (1,391,342)      (1,489,338)
Net cash flows from operating activities                               1,780,441        4,438,092
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Other investment income received from unlisted investments               474,346          631,942
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                     (740,252)        (906,611)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant
  and equipment                                                           10,211           19,579
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                  965              177
Additions to investment properties                                      (143,337)        (127,856)
Additions to intangible assets                                21         (86,447)         (90,665)
Decrease/(increase) in other financial assets                            458,905          (95,253)
Disposal of subsidiaries                                      44        (265,193)       1,802,392
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                   43      (5,938,341)       1,722,681
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates                    462,475          724,739
Investments in joint ventures                                         (2,541,111)      (5,497,753)
Investments in associates                                             (1,376,751)      (6,636,873)
Disposal of investments in joint ventures and associates               1,508,279          628,214
Decrease in loans to joint ventures and associates                    10,872,547        1,078,965
Increase in loans to non-controlling shareholders                     (1,793,541)      (6,252,309)
Decrease in entrustment loans to substantial shareholders                134,491          266,081
Repayment/(advance) of investment from/(to) third parties                450,725       (2,218,749)
Decrease in long-term deposits                                                 –        3,300,000
Decrease in restricted bank deposits                                   2,367,568          652,432
Purchase of a convertible bond                                                 –         (797,657)
Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                     3,855,539      (11,796,524)
184   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                        2022           2021
                                                                       Note         RMB’000       RMB’000

       CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Changes in the ownership interests in Jinmao Service                          671,045               –
       Issue of perpetual capital instruments, net of issue expenses                        –     4,222,936
       Repurchase of shares                                                                 –       (134,804)
       New bank and other borrowings                                              91,573,761     68,618,009
       Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                     (86,116,739)   (58,154,516)
       Interest paid                                                               (6,617,729)    (4,842,969)
       Advance/(repayment) of investment from/(to) third parties                   2,022,085      (2,009,034)
       Principal portion of lease payments                                            (58,452)      (125,207)
       Dividends paid                                                                (405,444)    (2,729,194)
       Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                (743,642)    (1,184,867)
       Capital repayment of non-controlling shareholders                                    –     (1,180,131)
       Loans from non-controlling shareholders                                              –     1,498,586
       Repayment of loans from non-controlling shareholders                        (1,731,129)    (1,516,023)
       Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                      (211,592)      (440,222)
       Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders                      6,242,738      4,862,684
       Proceeds from exercise of share options                                          2,656          6,768
       Distributions of perpetual capital instruments paid                           (868,815)    (1,290,474)
       Redemption of perpetual capital instruments                                 (3,406,496)    (7,308,847)
       Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                            352,247      (1,707,305)
       NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND
         CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                          5,988,227      (9,065,737)
       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                             31,050,637     40,155,580
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                           c
                                                                                      50,380         (39,206)
       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                   37,089,244     31,050,637

       ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
         CASH EQUIVALENTS
       Cash and bank balances                                           30        37,087,009     30,984,729
       Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
         within three months when acquired                                                  –        51,830
       Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
         over three months when acquired with an option to
         withdraw upon demand similar to demand deposits                                2,235        14,078
       Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of
         financial position                                             30        37,089,244     31,050,637
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022               185


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements                                  31 December 2022




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
     China Jinmao Holdings Group Limited (formerly known as Franshion Properties (China) Limited) (the
     “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong on 2 June 2004 under the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance. The registered office of the Company is located at Rooms 4702-03, 47/F, Office
     Tower, Convention Plaza, 1 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. Its shares have been listed on the Main
     Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) since 17 August
     2007.


     During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were involved in
     the following principal activities:


     •         city and property development
     •         commercial leasing and retail operations
     •         hotel operations
     •         provision of property management, design and decoration services


     In the opinion of the directors, the immediate holding company of the Company is Sinochem Hong Kong
     (Group) Company Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong, and the ultimate holding company of
     the Company is Sinochem Holdings Corporation Ltd., a company established in the People’s Republic
     of China (the “PRC”) and is a state-owned enterprise under the supervision of the State-owned Assets
     Supervision and Administration Commission in the PRC.


     Information about subsidiaries
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                                  Place of
                                                                  incorporation/      Issued ordinary      Percentage of
                                                                  registration and      share capital/   equity attributable
         Company name                                             operations           paid-up capital    to the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                         Direct     Indirect

         Chongqing Xingqian Properties Development Co., Ltd.*     The PRC/           RMB2,884,540,000         –         73%    Property development
                                                                    Mainland China


         Jinmao Hangzhou Property Development Co., Ltd.*          The PRC/           RMB3,200,000,000         –        100%    Property development
                                                                    Mainland China


         Nanjing Xingtuo Investment Co., Ltd.**                   The PRC/           RMB2,400,000,000         –         80%    Land development
                                                                    Mainland China


         Beijing Chemsunny Property Co., Ltd.***                  The PRC/             US$102,400,000       50%         50%    Property investment
                                                                    Mainland China
186   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
           Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
           Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)


                                                                        Place of
                                                                        incorporation/              Issued ordinary      Percentage of
                                                                        registration and              share capital/   equity attributable
             Company name                                               operations                   paid-up capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                                       Direct     Indirect

             China Jin Mao Group Co., Ltd.***                           The PRC/                   RMB2,635,000,000         –        100%     Hotel operation and
                                                                          Mainland China                                                        property investment

             Changsha Jin Mao Meixi Lake International Plaza            The PRC/                     US$600,000,000         –        100%     Property development
               Properties Limited***                                      Mainland China

             Jin Mao Investment (Changsha) Co., Ltd.**                  The PRC/                   RMB3,000,000,000         –         80%     Land development
                                                                          Mainland China

             Franshion Brilliant Limited                                British Virgin Islands/                US$1     100%              –   Investment holding
                                                                          Hong Kong

             Changsha Jinmao City Construction Limited**                The PRC/                   RMB2,962,500,000         –        100%     Land development
                                                                          Mainland China

             Jinmao Assets Management Limited Partnership               Cayman Islands/           RMB23,343,017,853       95%            5%   Property investment
                                                                          Hong Kong

             Suzhou Anmao Property Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou Anmao”)**         The PRC/                   RMB4,500,000,000         –       26.5%^    Property development
                                                                          Mainland China

             Shanghai Franshion Development Co., Ltd.*                  The PRC/                   RMB7,000,000,000         –         90%     Property development
                                                                          Mainland China

             Jinmao Investment Management (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.**         The PRC/                                  –         –        100%     Investment management
                                                                          Mainland China

             Hangzhou Qinmao Property Development Co., Ltd.**           The PRC/                   RMB4,000,000,000         –         60%     Property development
                                                                          Mainland China

             Wuhan Huazi Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd.**   The PRC/                   RMB6,520,000,000         –        100%     Investment holding
                                                                          Mainland China

             Tianjin Jinhui Property Development Co., Ltd.**            The PRC/                   RMB2,580,000,000         –        100%     Property development
                                                                          Mainland China
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022               187

                                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                         31 December 2022




1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)


                                                            Place of
                                                            incorporation/      Issued ordinary      Percentage of
                                                            registration and      share capital/   equity attributable
      Company name                                          operations           paid-up capital    to the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                   Direct     Indirect

      Qingdao Lanhai Xingang City Real Estate Co., Ltd.**   The PRC/           RMB1,000,000,000         –         50%^^ Property development
                                                              Mainland China

      Wuhan Xingmao Property Co., Ltd.**                    The PRC/              RMB8,000,000          –        100%    Property development
                                                              Mainland China

      Beijing Fangxing Yicheng Property Co., Ltd.***        The PRC/           RMB6,000,000,000         –        100%    Property development
                                                              Mainland China

      Qingdao Maochuang Technology Co., Ltd.***             The PRC/           RMB4,963,795,355     24.7%       75.3%    Property development
                                                              Mainland China

      Tianjin Chengmao Industrial Innovation Co., Ltd.***   The PRC/             RMB50,000,000          –        100%    Property development
                                                              Mainland China


      Nanjing Baomao Property Co., Ltd.**                   The PRC/            RMB200,000,000          –         70%    Property development
                                                              Mainland China


      Ruian Jiamao Property Development Co., Ltd.***        The PRC/              US$86,900,000         –         51%    Property development
                                                              Mainland China


      Zhangjiagang Huimao Property Co., Ltd.***             The PRC/             US$150,000,000         –        100%    Property development
                                                              Mainland China


      Hangzhou Rongshang Property Co., Ltd.**               The PRC/           RMB1,000,000,000         –         34%^^ Property development
                                                              Mainland China


      Yiwu Xingmao Property Co., Ltd.**                     The PRC/           RMB1,800,000,000         –         70%    Property development
                                                              Mainland China


      Shanghai Rongyu Property Development Co., Ltd.**      The PRC/             RMB10,000,000          –         38%^^ Property development
                                                              Mainland China


      Shanghai Maojia Property Co., Ltd.**                  The PRC/            RMB100,000,000          –         40%^^ Property development
                                                              Mainland China
188   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)
           Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
           Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (Continued)


                                                                         Place of
                                                                         incorporation/      Issued ordinary      Percentage of
                                                                         registration and      share capital/   equity attributable
               Company name                                              operations           paid-up capital    to the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                                Direct     Indirect

               Changshu Yumao Property Co., Ltd. (“Changshu Yumao”)**    The PRC/           RMB4,000,000,000         –         10%^^^ Property development
                                                                           Mainland China



               Xi’an Mingmao Property Co., Ltd.**                        The PRC/           RMB1,833,333,330         –         80%    Property development
                                                                           Mainland China


               Shanghai Taomao Property Co., Ltd.***                     The PRC/           RMB3,710,000,000         –         51%    Property development
                                                                           Mainland China


               Jinmao (China) Hotel Investments and Management           Cayman Islands/        HK$2,000,000     100%             –   Investment holding
                 Limited                                                   Hong Kong


               Jinmao Services                                           Hong Kong/           HK$967,377,219    67.28%            –   Property Services
                                                                           Hong Kong


               Langfang Hongtai Industrial Town Investment Co., Ltd.**   The PRC/            RMB150,000,000          –       90.1%    Investment holding
                                                                           Mainland China

           *         Registered as Sino-foreign joint ventures under PRC law
           **        Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law
           ***       Registered as wholly-foreign-owned entities under PRC law
           ^
                     The Group is entitled to 52% voting rights at the shareholders’ meetings, and therefore has the power to exercise
                     over the entity’s operating and management activities.
           ^^
                     The Group is entitled to 51% voting rights at the shareholders’ meetings, and therefore has the power to exercise
                     over the entity’s operating and management activities.
           ^^^
                     The Group is entitled to 54.1% voting rights at the shareholders’ meetings, and therefore has the power to exercise
                     over the entity’s operating and management activities.


           The English names of certain of the above companies represent the best efforts by management of the
           Company in directly translating the Chinese names of these companies as no English names have been
           registered or available.


           The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
           affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
           details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022            189

                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2022




2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
   Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting
   Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
   (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for investment
   properties, derivative financial instruments, other financial assets and certain trade receivables which have
   been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are rounded
   to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.


   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
   (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2022. A subsidiary is an entity
   (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when
   the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the
   ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group
   the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).


   Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has,
   directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers
   all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


   (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


   (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


   (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


   The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company,
   using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which
   the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


   Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
   parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests
   having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows
   relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
   are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership
   interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.
190   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
           Basis of consolidation (Continued)
           If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities
           of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation
           differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair
           value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share
           of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or
           retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed
           of the related assets or liabilities.


      2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
           The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
           statements.


           Amendments to HKFRS 3                                    Reference to the Conceptual Framework
           Amendments to HKAS 16                                    Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before
                                                                      Intended Use
           Amendments to HKAS 37                                    Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
           Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020                  Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
                                                                      Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41

           The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:


           (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 3 replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation and
                 Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial
                 Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) issued in June 2018 without significantly changing its
                 requirements. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle for
                 an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability.
                 The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope
                 of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business
                 combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively
                 instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets
                 do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group has applied the amendments
                 prospectively to business combinations that occurred on or after 1 January 2022. As there were no
                 contingent assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities within the scope of the amendments arising in
                 the business combination that occurred during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on
                 the financial position and performance of the Group.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022           191

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   (b)   Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant
         and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location
         and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.
         Instead, an entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items
         as determined by HKAS 2 Inventories , in profit or loss. The Group has applied the amendments
         retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after 1 January
         2021. Since there was no sale of items produced prior to the property, plant and equipment being
         available for use, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance
         of the Group.


   (c)   Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous
         under HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the
         contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that
         contract (e.g., direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to
         fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant
         and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs).
         General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are
         explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract. The Group has applied the amendments
         prospectively to contracts for which it has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at 1 January 2022 and
         no onerous contracts were identified. Therefore, the amendments did not have any impact on the
         financial position or performance of the Group.


   (d)   Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 sets out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
         Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that are applicable to
         the Group are as follows:


         •    HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether
              the terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the
              original financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower
              and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other’s
              behalf. The Group has applied the amendment prospectively from 1 January 2022. As there was
              no modification or exchange of the Group’s financial liabilities during the year, the amendment
              did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
192   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS
           The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
           effective, in these financial statements.


           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
               HKAS 28 (2011)                                    Associate or Joint Venture3
           Amendments to HKFRS 16                             Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2
           HKFRS 17                                           Insurance Contracts 1
           Amendments to HKFRS 17                             Insurance Contracts 1,5
           Amendment to HKFRS 17                              Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 – Comparative
                                                                 information6
           Amendments to HKAS 1                               Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                 (the “2020 Amendments”)2,4
           Amendments to HKAS 1                               Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                                 (the “2022 Amendments”)2
           Amendments to HKAS 1 and                           Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1
               HKFRS Practice Statement 2
           Amendments to HKAS 8                               Definition of Accounting Estimates 1
           Amendments to HKAS 12                              Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                                Single Transaction1

           1
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
           2
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
           3
                  No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
           4
                  As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred to annual
                  periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. In addition, as a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022
                  Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower of
                  a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording with
                  no change in conclusion
           5
                  As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the
                  temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning
                  before 1 January 2023
           6
                  An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this amendment
                  shall apply it on initial application of HKFRS 17
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022           193

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (Continued)
   Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described
   below.


   Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency between the requirements in
   HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and
   its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a
   downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or
   joint venture constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a
   gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent
   of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied
   prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was
   removed by the HKICPA in January 2016 and a new mandatory effective date will be determined after the
   completion of a broader review of accounting for associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments
   are available for adoption now.


   Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
   arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of
   the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods
   beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions
   entered into after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier application is
   permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
   statements.


   Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current clarify the requirements for
   classifying liabilities as current or non-current, in particular the determination over whether an entity has
   a right to defer settlement of the liabilities for at least 12 months after the reporting period. Classification
   of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the
   liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement of a liability. In 2022,
   the HKICPA issued the 2022 Amendments to further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from
   a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the
   classification of that liability as current or non-current. In addition, the 2022 Amendments require additional
   disclosures by an entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has
   a right to defer settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants
   within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning
   on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. An entity
   that applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and
   vice versa. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan
   agreements may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to
   have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
194   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS (Continued)
           Amendments to HKAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material
           accounting policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy
           information is material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial
           statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose
           financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice
           Statement 2 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting
           policy disclosures. Amendments to HKAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
           2023 and earlier application is permitted. Since the guidance provided in the amendments to HKFRS
           Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date for these amendments is not necessary. The
           Group is currently revisiting the accounting policy disclosures to ensure consistency with the amendments.


           Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
           accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that
           are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement
           techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting
           periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in
           accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The
           amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


           Amendments to HKAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no
           longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as
           leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset
           (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences
           arising from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or
           after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to leases and decommissioning obligations
           at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as
           an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or other component of equity as appropriate at
           that date. In addition, the amendments shall be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases and
           decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have
           any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022           195

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   Investments in associates and joint ventures
   An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the
   equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence
   is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control
   or joint control over those policies.


   A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
   have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control
   of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous
   consent of the parties sharing control.


   The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
   financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
   impairment losses. Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may
   exist.


   The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint
   ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive
   income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of
   the associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the
   consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions
   between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
   investments in the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
   impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is
   included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


   If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest
   is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all
   other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture,
   the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the
   carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the
   fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.


   When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in
   accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations .
196   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Interests in joint operations
           A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
           have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement.


           The Group recognises in relation to its interest in a joint operation:


           •     its assets, including its share of any assets held jointly;


           •     its liabilities, including its share of any liabilities incurred jointly;


           •     its revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation;


           •     its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation; and


           •     its expenses, including its share of any expenses incurred jointly.


           The assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to the Group’s interest in a joint operation are
           accounted for in accordance with the HKFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and
           expenses.


           Business combinations and goodwill
           Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
           is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of
           assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
           and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business
           combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are
           present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event
           of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other
           components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed
           as incurred.


           The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
           includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
           outputs.


           When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
           classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and
           pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in
           host contracts of the acquiree.


           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
           acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022           197

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
   Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
   date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair
   value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured
   and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


   Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred,
   the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
   interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this
   consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after
   reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.


   After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill
   is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
   the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31
   December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from
   the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating
   units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other
   assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.


   Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
   generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit
   (group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An
   impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.


   Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part
   of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of
   is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal.
   Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation
   disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.
198   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Fair value measurement
           The Group measures its investment properties, certain trade receivables derivative financial instruments
           and certain financial assets at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be
           received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
           at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to
           sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in
           the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal
           or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability
           is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
           assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.


           A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
           generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market
           participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


           The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
           are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the
           use of unobservable inputs.


           All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
           categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
           significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


           Level 1 –     based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
           Level 2 –     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                         measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
           Level 3 –     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                         measurement is unobservable


           For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
           determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
           (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of
           each reporting period.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          199

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Impairment of non-financial assets
   Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required
   (other than inventories, properties under development, land under development, properties held for
   sale, deferred tax assets, financial assets and investment properties), the asset’s recoverable amount is
   estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in
   use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does
   not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in
   which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
   In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset
   (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a
   reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.


   An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
   assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
   the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.


   An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that
   previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication
   exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than
   goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
   amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been
   determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in
   prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period
   in which it arises.
200   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Related parties
           A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


           (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


                 (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                 (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                 (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


           or


           (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


                 (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                 (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                         subsidiary of the other entity);


                 (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                 (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                         entity;


                 (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                         an entity related to the Group;


                 (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                 (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                         management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                 (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                         services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          201

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
   Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
   depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as
   held for sale or when it is part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is
   accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5, as further explained in the accounting policy for “Non-current
   assets and disposal groups held for sale”. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises
   its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and
   location for its intended use.


   Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as
   repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is
   incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection
   is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property,
   plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual
   assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


   Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant
   and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this
   purpose are as follows:


   Hotel properties                                  1.7% – 9.5%
   Leasehold improvements                            9% – 50%
   Buildings                                         2% – 5%
   Furniture, fixtures and office equipment          3.8% – 33.3%
   Motor vehicles                                    8.3% – 25%

   Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item
   is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual
   values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each
   financial year end.


   An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised
   upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss
   on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised
   is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


   Construction in progress represents a building under construction or equipment under installation or
   testing, which is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the
   direct costs of construction/equipment and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during
   the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property,
   plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.
202   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Investment properties
           Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as a right-
           of-use asset which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to earn rental
           income and/or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services
           or for administrative purposes; or for sale in the ordinary course of business. Such properties are measured
           initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are
           stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the reporting period.


           Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the
           statement of profit or loss in the year in which they arise.


           Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the statement
           of profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.


           For a transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied properties or inventories, the deemed cost of
           a property for subsequent accounting is its fair value at the date of change in use. If a property occupied by
           the Group as an owner-occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such
           property in accordance with the policy stated under “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” for
           owned property and/or accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated under “Right-of-use
           assets” for property held as a right-of-use asset up to the date of change in use, and any difference at that
           date between the carrying amount and the fair value of the property is accounted for as a revaluation with
           surplus credited to the asset revaluation reserve and deficit charged to the statement of profit or loss. For
           a transfer from inventories to investment properties, any difference between the fair value of the property
           at that date and its previous carrying amount is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


           Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
           Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be
           recovered principally through a sales transaction rather than through continuing use. For this to be the
           case, the asset or disposal group must be available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only
           to terms that are usual and customary for the sale of such assets or disposal groups and its sale must be
           highly probable. All assets and liabilities of a subsidiary classified as a disposal group are reclassified as
           held for sale regardless of whether the Group retains a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after
           the sale.


           Non-current assets and disposal groups (other than investment properties and financial assets) classified as
           held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less costs to sell. Property,
           plant and equipment and intangible assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortised.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022          203

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
   Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
   assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives
   of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are
   subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an
   indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method
   for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


   Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the
   cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset
   with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to
   be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on
   a prospective basis.


   Computer software
   Purchased computer software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-
   line basis over its estimated useful life of 1 to 10 years.


   Contractual right
   Contractual right is stated at cost less any impairment loss and is amortised on the straight-line basis over
   its estimated life of 12 years.


   Leases
   The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
   contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
   time in exchange for consideration.


   Group as a lessee
   The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
   leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and
   right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets. At inception or on reassessment of
   a contract that contains a lease component and non-lease component(s), the Group adopts the practical
   expedient not to separate non-lease component(s) and to account for the lease component and the
   associated non-lease component(s) (e.g., property management services for leases of properties) as a single
   lease component.
204   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Leases (Continued)
           Group as a lessee (Continued)
           (a)   Right-of-use assets
                 Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
                 underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
                 depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
                 The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs
                 incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                 received. Where applicable, the cost of a right-of-use asset also includes an estimate of costs to
                 dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it
                 is located. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease
                 terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


                 Leasehold land                                        30 to 70 years
                 Office properties, equipments and staff quarters      2 to 15 years

                 If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost
                 reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of
                 the asset.

                 When the right-of-use assets relate to interests in leasehold land held as properties held for sale,
                 they are subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value in accordance with
                 the Group’s policy for “properties held for sale”. When a right-of-use asset meets the definition of
                 investment property, it is included in investment properties. The corresponding right-of-use asset is
                 initially measured at cost, and subsequently measured at fair value, in accordance with the Group’s
                 policy for “investment properties”.

           (b)   Lease liabilities
                 Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
                 payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
                 substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend
                 on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
                 payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by
                 the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
                 exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on
                 an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that
                 triggers the payment occurs.

                 In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
                 rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
                 determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the
                 accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of
                 lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease
                 payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a
                 change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          205

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Leases (Continued)
   Group as a lessee (Continued)
   (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
         The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of properties,
         machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
         commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). When the Group enters into a lease
         in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-
         lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an
         expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


   Group as a lessor
   When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each
   of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.


   Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership
   of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components,
   the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling
   price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included
   in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in
   negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and
   recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as
   revenue in the period in which they are earned.


   Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
   the lessee, are accounted for as finance leases. At the commencement date, the cost of the leased asset
   is capitalised at the present value of the lease payments and related payments (including the initial direct
   costs), and presented as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease. The finance
   income on the net investment in the lease is recognised in the statement of profit or loss so as to provide a
   constant periodic rate of return over the lease terms.


   When the Group is an intermediate lessor, a sublease is classified as a finance lease or operating lease with
   reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to
   which the Group applies the on-balance sheet recognition exemption, the Group classifies the sublease as
   an operating lease.
206   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Land under development
           Land under development is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value and comprises the
           compensation for land requisition, project costs, other preliminary infrastructure costs, borrowing costs,
           professional fees and other costs directly attributable to such land under development during the
           development period.


           Land under development which has been pre-sold or intended for sale and is expected to be completed
           within one year from the end of the reporting period is classified under current assets. Net realisable value
           takes into account the Group’s proceeds derived from the sale of land under development by government
           authorities, less costs to completion and the costs to be incurred in realising the revenue derived from the
           sale of land under development based on prevailing market conditions.


           Properties under development
           Properties under development are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value and comprise
           construction costs, borrowing costs, professional fees and other costs directly attributable to such
           properties incurred during the development period.


           Properties under development which have been pre-sold or intended for sale and are expected to be
           completed within one year from the end of the reporting period are classified under current assets. On
           completion, the properties are transferred to properties held for sale.


           Properties held for sale
           Properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.


           Cost of properties held for sale is determined by an apportionment of total land and building costs
           attributable to the unsold properties.


           Net realisable value is determined by reference to the sales proceeds of properties sold in the ordinary
           course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses, or by management’s estimates based on the
           prevailing market conditions, on an individual property basis.


           Investments and other financial assets
           Initial recognition and measurement
           Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
           through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


           The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash
           flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
           receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
           practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially
           measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through
           profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or
           for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined
           under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022           207

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
   Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)
   In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
   comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
   interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are
   classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


   The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
   order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
   contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
   amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to
   collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other
   comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect
   contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business
   models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


   All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date
   that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales
   of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or
   convention in the marketplace.


   Subsequent measurement
   The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


   Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
   Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
   subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is
   derecognised, modified or impaired.


   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
   value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


   This category includes certain long-term trade receivables, derivative instruments and equity investments
   which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income.
   Dividends on equity investments classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are
   also recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been
   established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group
   and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.
208   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)
           A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from
           the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely
           related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet
           the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.
           Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement
           of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that
           significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial
           asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.


           A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
           separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its
           entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.


           Derecognition of financial assets
           A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
           assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
           position) when:


           •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


           •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset, or has assumed an obligation
                 to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                 arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the
                 asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of
                 the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


           When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
           through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership
           of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset
           nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent
           of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The
           transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations
           that the Group has retained.


           Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
           lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the
           Group could be required to repay.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022           209

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Impairment of financial assets
   The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
   fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
   in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
   approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from
   the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.


   General approach
   ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase
   in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events
   that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there
   has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit
   losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime
   ECL).


   At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
   significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a
   default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring
   on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable
   information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking
   information.


   The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due.
   However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
   external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in
   full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off
   when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


   Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are
   classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract
   assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


   Stage 1 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition
              and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


   Stage 2 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but
              that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
              amount equal to lifetime ECLs


   Stage 3 – Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
              originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
              lifetime ECLs
210   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
           Simplified approach
           For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when
           the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
           the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group
           does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at
           each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss
           experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


           For trade receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing component and lease
           receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating
           ECLs with policies as described above.


           Financial liabilities
           Initial recognition and measurement
           Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
           loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective
           hedge, as appropriate.


           All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
           payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.


           The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, other payables, amounts due to related
           parties, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, and derivative financial instruments.


           Subsequent measurement
           The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and
           financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.


           Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing
           in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group
           that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated
           embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective
           hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit
           or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any
           interest charged on these financial liabilities.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022           211

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Financial liabilities (Continued)
   Subsequent measurement (Continued)
   Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated
   at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on
   liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in the statement of profit or loss,
   except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other
   comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the statement of profit or loss. The net fair
   value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on
   these financial liabilities.


   Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
   After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings and lease liabilities are subsequently
   measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would
   be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of
   profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation
   process.


   Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees
   or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
   included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.


   Financial guarantee contracts
   Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made
   to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due
   in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially
   as a liability at its fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of
   the guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at
   the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined in accordance with the policy as set out in “Impairment of
   financial assets”; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of
   income recognised.
212   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Derecognition of financial liabilities
           A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
           expires.


           When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
           terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
           treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference
           between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


           Offsetting of financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of
           financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there
           is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


           Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
           Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
           The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts and interest rate swaps,
           to hedge its foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, respectively. Such derivative financial instruments
           are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are
           subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and
           as liabilities when the fair value is negative.


           Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement
           of profit or loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other
           comprehensive income and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or loss.


           For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:


           •     fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or
                 liability or an unrecognised firm commitment; or


           •     cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a
                 particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction,
                 or a foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment; or


           •     hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.


           At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
           relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting, the risk management objective and its
           strategy for undertaking the hedge.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          213

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (Continued)
   Initial recognition and subsequent measurement (Continued)
   The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of
   the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge
   effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge
   ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the following
   effectiveness requirements:


   •       There is “an economic relationship” between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.


   •       The effect of credit risk does not “dominate the value changes” that result from that economic
           relationship.


   •       The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
           hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
           Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.


   Hedges which meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:


   Cash flow hedges
   The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in other
   comprehensive income in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised
   immediately in the statement of profit or loss. The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of the
   cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged
   item.


   The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are accounted for, depending on the nature
   of the underlying hedged transaction. If the hedged transaction subsequently results in the recognition
   of a non-financial item, the amount accumulated in equity is removed from the separate component of
   equity and included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability. This is not
   a reclassification adjustment and will not be recognised in other comprehensive income for the period.
   This also applies where the hedged forecast transaction of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability
   subsequently becomes a firm commitment to which fair value hedge accounting is applied.


   For any other cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified to
   the statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the same period or periods during which
   the hedged cash flows affect the statement of profit or loss.


   If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in other
   comprehensive income must remain in accumulated other comprehensive income if the hedged future cash
   flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise, the amount will be immediately reclassified to the statement of
   profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment. After the discontinuation, once the hedged cash flow occurs,
   any amount remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income is accounted for depending on the
   nature of the underlying transaction as described above.
214   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (Continued)
           Current versus non-current classification
           Derivative instruments that are not designated as effective hedging instruments are classified as current or
           non-current or separated into current and non-current portions based on an assessment of the facts and
           circumstances (i.e., the underlying contracted cash flows).


           •     Where the Group expects to hold a derivative as an economic hedge (and does not apply hedge
                 accounting) for a period beyond 12 months after the end of the reporting period, the derivative is
                 classified as non-current (or separated into current and non-current portions) consistently with the
                 classification of the underlying item.


           •     Embedded derivatives that are not closely related to the host contract are classified consistently with
                 the cash flows of the host contract.


           •     Derivative instruments that are designated as, and are effective hedging instruments, are classified
                 consistently with the classification of the underlying hedged item. The derivative instruments are
                 separated into current portions and non-current portions only if a reliable allocation can be made.


           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted
           average basis. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be
           incurred to completion and disposal.


           Cash and cash equivalents
           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
           on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into
           known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity
           of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and
           form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise
           cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not
           restricted as to use.


           Provisions
           A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past
           event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided
           that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


           When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at
           the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation.
           The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance
           costs in the statement of profit or loss.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022          215

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Income tax
   Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or
   loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


   Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
   taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
   the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the
   countries in which the Group operates.


   Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
   period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
   purposes.


   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


   •    when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
        transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
        accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


   •    in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
        joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
        probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


   Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
   unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is
   probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the
   carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


   •    when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
        recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time
        of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


   •    in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates
        and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the
        temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against
        which the temporary differences can be utilised.


   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
   the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of
   the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each
   reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit
   will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
216   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Income tax (Continued)
           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period
           when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
           or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

           Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable
           right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax
           liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or
           different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to
           realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts
           of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

           Government grants
           Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
           be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item,
           it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
           compensate, are expensed.

           Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released
           to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual
           instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or
           loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.

           Revenue recognition
           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to
           the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
           exchange for those goods or services.

           When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated
           to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer.
           The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable
           that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the
           associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

           When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit
           of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured
           at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected
           in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the
           contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for
           more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the
           contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment
           by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price
           is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS
           15.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022         217

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Revenue recognition (Continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
   (a)   Sale of completed properties
         Revenue from the sale of completed properties is recognised at the point in time when control of the
         asset is transferred to the customer, revenue is recognised when the customer obtains the physical
         possession or the legal title of the completed property and the Group has obtained the right to
         payment and the collection of the consideration is probable;


   (b)   Land development
         Revenue from land development is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
         transferred to the customers, that is when the related construction works have been completed as
         well as land is sold, and the collectability of the proceeds from land sales is reasonably assured;


   (c)   Hotel operations
         Hotel and other service income is recognised in the period in which such services are rendered
         because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group;


   (d)   Property management services
         Revenue from the rendering of property management services is recognised over the scheduled
         period on a straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
         benefits provided by the Group;


   (e)   Design, construction and decoration services
         Revenue from the provision of design, construction and decoration services is recognised over time,
         using an input method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the service, because
         the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is
         created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue based on the proportion of the actual
         costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the design, construction and
         decoration services.


   Revenue from other sources
   Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that
   do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are
   incurred.


   Other income
   Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate
   that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument
   or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


   Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
   probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of
   the dividend can be measured reliably.
218   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Contract assets
           A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the
           customer. If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays
           consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that
           is conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the
           accounting policies for impairment of financial assets.


           Contract liabilities
           A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from
           a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
           revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services
           to the customer).


           Contract costs
           Other than the costs which are capitalised as properties under development, land under development,
           inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a
           customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:


           (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically
                 identify.


           (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing
                 to satisfy) performance obligations in the future.


           (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.


           The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic
           basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates.
           Other contract costs are expensed as incurred.


           Share-based payments
           The Company operates a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to
           eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including
           directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees
           render services in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).


           The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants is measured by reference to the fair value
           at the date at which they are granted.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          219

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Share-based payments (Continued)
   The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
   corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
   fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting
   period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s
   best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the
   statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as
   at the beginning and end of that period.


   Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant
   date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s
   best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions
   are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an
   associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are
   reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are
   also service and/or performance conditions.


   For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have
   not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the
   transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied,
   provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


   Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as
   if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense
   is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is
   otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.


   Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and
   any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award where
   non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a
   new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the date
   that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original
   award, as described in the previous paragraph.


   The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of
   earnings per share.
220   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Pension schemes
           The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
           Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees who are eligible
           to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
           salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the
           rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an
           independently administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when
           contributed into the MPF Scheme.


           The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate
           in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are required
           to contribute certain percentages of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions
           are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the
           central pension scheme.


           Termination benefits
           Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of
           those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination
           benefits.


           Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
           i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
           are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases
           when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the
           temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted
           from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they
           are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the
           borrowing of funds.


           Where funds have been borrowed generally, and used for the purpose of obtaining qualifying assets, a
           weighted average capitalisation rate of 3.49% has been applied to the expenditure on the group level.


           Dividends
           Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
           meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.


           Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and
           articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim
           dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          221

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   Foreign currencies
   These financial statements are presented in RMB, while the Company’s functional currency is HK$. Each
   entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements
   of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the
   entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the
   dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated
   at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period.


   Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit
   or loss with the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net
   investment of a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net
   investment is disposed of, at which time the cumulative amount is reclassified to the statement of profit
   or loss. Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also
   recorded in other comprehensive income.


   Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
   the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in
   a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.
   The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with
   the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the
   item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also
   recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).


   In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
   derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the
   date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or
   non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts
   in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance
   consideration.


   The functional currencies of the Company and subsidiaries operating outside Mainland China are
   currencies other than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these
   entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and
   their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the exchange rates that approximate to those
   prevailing at the dates of the transactions.


   The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
   exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive
   income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


   Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
   amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
   operation and translated at the closing rate.
222   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Foreign currencies (Continued)
           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
           translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently
           recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arises throughout the year are translated into Hong
           Kong dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.


      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
           The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
           and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
           accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions
           and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
           the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


           Judgements
           In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following
           judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts
           recognised in the financial statements:


           Classification between investment properties and properties held for sale
           The Group develops properties held for sale and properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital
           appreciation or both. Judgement is made by management in determining whether a property is designated
           as an investment property or a property held for sale. The Group considers its intention for holding the
           properties at the early development stage of the related properties. During the course of construction, the
           related properties under construction are accounted for as properties under development if the properties
           are intended for sale after completion. Upon completion of construction, properties under development
           are transferred to completed properties held for sale and are stated at cost. Properties under construction
           are accounted for as investment properties if the properties are intended to be held to earn rentals and/or
           for capital appreciation after completion.


           Estimation uncertainty
           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
           the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
           of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022       223

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Impairment of goodwill
     The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation
     of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in
     use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating
     units and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.
     The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2022 was RMB249,122,000 (2021: Nil). Further details are
     given in note 20.


     Fair value measurement of certain trade receivables at fair value through profit or loss
     Certain of the Group’s trade receivables amounting to RMB2,429,970,000 as at 31 December 2022 (2021:
     Nil) are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and measured at fair value, which
     was determined by management with the assistance of an independent qualified professional valuer.
     Judgement and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant
     input thereof, mainly including estimated repayment periods. Further details are given in note 50.
     Changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of these trade receivables and the
     corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss reported in profit or loss.


     Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables at amortised cost and contract assets
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables at amortised cost and contract
     assets. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that
     have similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating, and credit insurance).


     The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will
     calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
     instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic products) are expected to deteriorate over
     the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the properties development sector,
     the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
     updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


     The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions
     and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
     economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions
     may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs
     on the Group’s trade receivables at amortised cost and contract assets is disclosed in note 25 and note 27
     to the financial statements, respectively.
224   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
           Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Provision for expected credit losses on amounts due from joint ventures and associates
           The Group uses general approach to calculate ECLs on the amounts due from joint ventures and associates.
           For those associates and joint ventures undertaking property development projects, if applicable, the
           provision is measured at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL which would be calculated by taking into
           account the impairment losses of the properties under development and properties held for sale held by
           the associates and joint ventures. The ECLs reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic
           conditions, as appropriate. The assessment of the carrying value of properties under development and
           properties held for sale held by the associates and joint ventures and ECLs is a significant estimate. As at
           31 December 2022, the loss allowance was assessed and recognised at an amount of RMB2,897,092,000
           (2021: RMB1,311,180,000). Further details are disclosed in note 28 to the financial statements.


           Estimation of fair value of investment properties
           In the absence of current prices in an active market for similar properties, the Group considers information
           from a variety of sources, including:


           (a)   current prices in an active market for properties of a different nature, condition or location, adjusted
                 to reflect those differences;


           (b)   recent prices of similar properties on less active markets, with adjustments to reflect any changes in
                 economic conditions since the dates of the transactions that occurred at those prices; and


           (c)   discounted cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, supported by the
                 terms of any existing lease and other contracts and (when possible) by external evidence such as
                 current market rents for similar properties in the same location and condition, and using discount
                 rates that reflect current market assessments of the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash
                 flows.


           The carrying amount of investment properties at 31 December 2022 was RMB37,088,686,000 (2021:
           RMB31,564,522,000). Further details, including the key assumptions used for the fair value measurement,
           are given in note 18 to the financial statements.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022          225

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Measurement of properties under development
     The Group’s properties under development is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
     Development costs of properties are recorded as properties under development during the construction
     stage and will be transferred to completed properties held for sale upon completion. An apportionment
     of these costs will be recognised in the statement of profit or loss upon the recognition of the sale of the
     properties. Before the final settlement of the development costs and other costs relating to the sale of the
     properties, these costs are accrued by the Group based on management’s best estimate.


     When developing properties, the Group may divide the development projects into phases. Specific costs
     directly related to the development of a particular phase are recorded as the cost of such phase. Common
     costs are allocated to individual phases based on the estimated saleable area of the entire development
     project. Where the final settlement of costs and the related cost allocation is different from the initial
     estimates, any increase or decrease in the development costs and other costs would affect profit or loss in
     future years.


     Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the subject project, the Group makes estimates
     of cost of properties under development, and its net realisable value, i.e., the revenue to be derived
     from the properties under development for sale, less costs to completion and the costs to be incurred
     in realising the revenue from the sale of properties under development based on prevailing market
     conditions.


     If the cost is higher than the estimated net realisable value, provision for the excess of cost of properties
     under development over its net realisable value should be made. Such provision would require the use
     of judgement and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, the carrying
     value and provision for properties under development in the periods in which such estimate is changed
     will be adjusted accordingly. The carrying amount of properties under development at 31 December 2022
     was RMB145,044,460,000 (2021: RMB144,824,158,000). Further details are given in note 15 to the financial
     statements.
226   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
           Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Measurement of land under development
           The Group’s land under development is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of land
           under development during the construction stage, before the final settlement of the development costs
           and other costs relating to the land under development are accrued by the Group based on management’s
           best estimate. Where the final settlement of costs and the related cost allocation is different from the initial
           estimates, any increase or decrease in the development costs and other costs would affect profit or loss in
           future years. Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the subject land development, the
           Group makes estimates of cost allocated to each parcel of land under development, and its net realisable
           value, i.e., the revenue to be derived from the land under development for sale by government authorities,
           less costs to completion and the costs to be incurred in realising the revenue from the sale of land under
           development based on prevailing market conditions.


           If the cost is higher than the estimated net realisable value, provision for the excess of cost of land under
           development over its net realisable value should be made. Such provision would require the use of
           judgement and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, the carrying value
           and provision for land under development in the periods in which such estimate is changed will be adjusted
           accordingly. The carrying amount of land under development at 31 December 2022 was RMB23,049,328,000
           (2021: RMB14,919,990,000). Further details are given in note 16 to the financial statements.


           Estimation of net realisable value for properties held for sale
           Properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The net realisable value is
           assessed with reference to market conditions and prices existing at the end of the reporting period and is
           determined by the Group having taken suitable external advice and in light of recent market transactions.
           The carrying amounts of properties held for sale at 31 December 2022 were RMB23,193,747,000 (2021:
           RMB27,477,555,000). Further details are given in note 17 to the financial statements.


           Provision for impairment of properties for sale
           Management reviews the market conditions of properties for sale held by the Group and associates and
           joint ventures at the end of each reporting period, and makes provision for impairment of properties for
           sale identified that the net realisable value is lower than cost. Management estimates the net realisable
           value for properties for sale based primarily on the latest selling prices and current market conditions. If the
           condition was to deteriorate so that the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would
           be required to revise the basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected. Further
           details are given in notes 15 and 17 to the financial statements.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          227

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
     profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is
     required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely
     timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value
     of deferred tax assets relating to recognised tax losses at 31 December 2022 was RMB1,493,047,000 (2021:
     RMB1,148,139,000). The amount of unrecognised tax losses at 31 December 2022 was RMB7,876,988,000
     (2021: RMB6,233,364,000). Further details are contained in note 37 to the financial statements.


     PRC corporate income tax
     The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. As a result of the fact that certain matters relating to
     the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureau, objective estimate and judgement
     based on currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are required in determining the
     provision for income taxes to be made. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the
     amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the income tax and tax provisions in the period
     in which the differences realise. The carrying amount of income tax payable at 31 December 2022 was
     RMB2,773,003,000 (2021: RMB1,989,835,000).


     PRC land appreciation tax (“LAT”)
     The Group is subject to LAT in the PRC. The provision for LAT is based on management’s best estimates
     according to the understanding of the requirements set forth in the relevant PRC tax laws and regulations.
     The actual LAT liabilities are subject to the determination by the local tax authorities upon the completion
     of the Group’s property development projects. The Group has not finalised its LAT tax returns and
     payments with the local tax authorities for its property development projects. When the final outcome is
     determined, it may be different from the amounts that were initially recorded, and any differences will affect
     the current income tax expense and LAT provision in the period which LAT is ascertained. The carrying
     amount of provision for LAT at 31 December 2022 was RMB2,664,013,000 (2021: RMB2,314,063,000). Further
     details are given in note 36 to the financial statements.
228   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
           For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services
           and has four reportable operating segments as follows:


           (a)   the city and property development segment develops city complexes and properties and develops
                 land;


           (b)   the commercial leasing and retail operations segment leases office and retail commercial premises;


           (c)   the hotel operations segment provides hotel accommodation services, food and beverage; and


           (d)   the “others” segment mainly comprises the provision of property management, design and
                 decoration services, and the operation of an observation deck.


           Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making
           decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated
           based on reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted profit before tax. The adjusted profit
           before tax is measured consistently with the Group’s profit before tax except that interest income, other
           investment income, non-lease-related finance costs, fair value gain on a convertible bond and corporate
           and other unallocated expenses are excluded from such measurement.


           Segment assets exclude derivative financial instruments, deferred tax assets, prepaid tax, restricted bank
           balances, cash and cash equivalents, certain financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other
           unallocated head office and corporate assets as these assets are managed on a group basis.


           Segment liabilities exclude derivative financial instruments, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and
           related interest payables, tax payable, provision for land appreciation tax, deferred tax liabilities and other
           unallocated head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.


           Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually
           agreed by the parties involved.


           The Group’s operations are mainly conducted in Mainland China. Management considered there is one
           reportable geographic segment as all revenues from external customers are generated in Mainland China
           and the Group’s significant non-current assets are located in Mainland China.
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022                           229

                                                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                    31 December 2022




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                               Commercial
                                                                                    City and       leasing
                                                                                    property     and retail       Hotel
         Year ended 31 December 2022                                            development     operations    operations         Others                         Total
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000                      RMB’000

         Segment revenue:
         Sales to external customers                                             74,708,319     1,467,970      1,143,874       5,671,209                  82,991,372
         Intersegment sales                                                               –        83,018         10,000       1,478,476                   1,571,494
                                                                                 74,708,319     1,550,988      1,153,874       7,149,685                  84,562,866
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                                                 (1,571,494)
         Total revenue                                                                                                                                    82,991,372
         Segment results                                                         10,638,210     1,996,429       (182,013)       735,860                   13,188,486
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                                               (3,026,870)
         Interest income                                                                                                                                    2,130,988
         Other investment income                                                                                                                              474,346
         Fair value gains on a convertible bond                                                                                                                48,544
         Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                                            (396,837)
         Finance costs (other than interest on lease liabilities)                                                                                          (2,661,477)
         Profit before tax                                                                                                                                  9,757,180
         Segment assets                                                         395,494,959    48,523,161     13,507,582      12,744,437                 470,270,139
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment assets                                                                                                              (185,912,734)
         Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                            421,557,544
                                                                                                                                                          137,538,234
         Total assets                                                                                                                                    421,895,639
         Segment liabilities                                                    237,166,916    15,837,231      6,942,608      10,800,854                 270,747,609
         Reconciliation:
         Elimination of intersegment liabilities                                                                                                         (165,448,396)
         Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                       309,885,221
                                                                                                                                                          203,909,686
         Total liabilities                                                                                                                               309,208,899
         Other segment information:
         Share of profits/(losses) of joint ventures                                 74,793             –             –          (1,326)                       73,467
         Share of profits/(losses) of associates                                    427,559             –             –          (3,594)                      423,965
         Depreciation and amortisation                                              135,574        54,708       374,012         107,753                       672,047
         Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment              737            48           829            (409)                        1,205
         Impairment losses recognised in the statement of profit or loss, net     5,945,402             –             –           5,643                     5,951,045
         Fair value gains on investment properties                                        –     1,625,045             –               –                     1,625,045
         Fair value gains on transfer from properties held for sale to
           investment properties                                                          –        34,725             –               –                       34,725
         Investments in associates                                               22,770,194             –             –               –                   22,770,194
         Investments in joint ventures                                           25,855,903             –             –          27,811                   25,883,714
         Capital expenditure*                                                     2,243,418       342,931       199,240         474,835                    3,260,424

     *          Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and investment
                properties including assets from the acquisition of subsidiaries.
230   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                                    Commercial
                                                                                        City and        leasing
                                                                                       property      and retail        Hotel
             Year ended 31 December 2021                                            development     operations     operations      Others            Total
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000

             Segment revenue:
             Sales to external customers                                              82,641,602      1,563,348     1,638,081    4,216,903     90,059,934
             Intersegment sales                                                                –        27,230          3,386    1,578,042       1,608,658
                                                                                      82,641,602      1,590,578     1,641,467    5,794,945     91,668,592
            Reconciliation:
            Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                                                   (1,608,658)
             Total revenue                                                                                                                     90,059,934

            Segment results                                                            9,730,889       918,777         57,061     725,368      11,432,095
            Reconciliation:
            Elimination of intersegment results                                                                                                   (305,219)
            Interest income                                                                                                                      2,387,013
            Other investment income                                                                                                               631,942
            Fair value gains on a convertible bond                                                                                                 20,598
            Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                                                             1,285,826
            Finance costs (other than interest on lease liabilities)                                                                            (2,737,985)
             Profit before tax                                                                                                                 12,714,270

            Segment assets                                                           366,202,368     41,876,423    14,274,765   10,708,620    433,062,176
            Reconciliation:
            Elimination of intersegment assets                                                                                                (146,214,491)
            Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                            125,154,619
             Total assets                                                                                                                     412,002,304

            Segment liabilities                                                      234,499,175     10,276,742     6,151,165    7,953,510    258,880,592
            Reconciliation:
            Elimination of intersegment liabilities                                                                                           (132,886,946)
            Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                                                       179,215,030
             Total liabilities                                                                                                                305,208,676

             Other segment information:
             Share of profits of joint ventures                                          994,670              –             –        1,407        996,077
             Share of profits/(losses) of associates                                     593,169              –             –      (12,781)       580,388
             Depreciation and amortisation                                               157,229        35,362        360,276      96,062         648,929
             Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment            (2,503)            54        17,251         (409)        14,393
             Impairment losses recognised in the statement of profit or loss, net        993,591              –             –      11,844        1,005,435
             Fair value losses on investment properties                                        –     (1,676,648)            –            –      (1,676,648)
             Investments in associates                                                22,156,898              –             –      30,172      22,187,070
             Investments in joint ventures                                            20,279,660              –             –      55,959      20,335,619
             Capital expenditure*                                                         37,333       191,772        213,736     628,910        1,071,751
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022             231

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2022




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Information about major customers
     During the year, there was no revenue from a single customer which accounted for 10% or more of the
     Group’s revenue (2021: Nil).


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
     An analysis of the Group’s revenue is as follows:


                                                                                        2022                  2021
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

       Revenue from contracts with customers                                       81,523,402           88,496,586
       Revenue from other sources
         Gross rental income from investment property operating leases:
           Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate           13,139                 7,700
           Other lease payments, including fixed payments                           1,454,831            1,555,648
                                                                                    1,467,970            1,563,348
                                                                                   82,991,372           90,059,934


     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information
           For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                           City and
                                                           property       Hotel
            Segments                                 development      operations         Others              Total
                                                           RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000

            Types of goods or services
              Sale of completed properties               71,762,026            –                –      71,762,026
              Land development                            2,946,293            –                –       2,946,293
              Hotel operations                                    –   1,143,874                 –       1,143,874
              Others                                              –            –      5,671,209         5,671,209
            Total revenue from contracts with
              customers                                  74,708,319   1,143,874       5,671,209        81,523,402

            Timing of revenue recognition
              Goods transferred at a point of time       74,708,319            –                –      74,708,319
              Services transferred over time                      –   1,143,874       5,671,209         6,815,083
            Total revenue from contracts with
              customers                                  74,708,319   1,143,874       5,671,209        81,523,402
232   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
           Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
           (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
                 For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                               City and
                                                              property        Hotel
                  Segments                                 development    operations      Others          Total
                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

                  Types of goods or services
                    Sale of completed properties             77,797,079            –            –     77,797,079
                    Land development                          4,844,523            –            –      4,844,523
                    Hotel operations                                  –    1,638,081            –      1,638,081
                    Others                                            –            –    4,216,903      4,216,903
                  Total revenue from contracts with
                    customers                                82,641,602    1,638,081    4,216,903     88,496,586

                  Timing of revenue recognition
                    Goods transferred at a point of time     82,641,602            –            –     82,641,602
                    Services transferred over time                    –    1,638,081    4,216,903      5,854,984
                  Total revenue from contracts
                    with customers                           82,641,602    1,638,081    4,216,903     88,496,586


                 Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers to the amounts
                 disclosed in the segment information:


                 For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                               City and
                                                              property        Hotel
                  Segments                                 development    operations      Others          Total
                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

                  Revenue from contracts with
                    customers:
                  Sales to external customers               74,708,319    1,143,874    5,671,209     81,523,402
                  Intersegment sales                                  –      10,000    1,478,476      1,488,476
                                                            74,708,319    1,153,874    7,149,685     83,011,878
                  Intersegment adjustments and
                    eliminations                                      –     (10,000)   (1,478,476)   (1,488,476)
                  Total revenue from contracts
                    with customers                          74,708,319    1,143,874    5,671,209     81,523,402
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022             233

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2022




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                          City and
                                                          property         Hotel
            Segments                               development        operations           Others              Total
                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

            Revenue from contracts with
              customers:
            Sales to external customers                82,641,602      1,638,081         4,216,903        88,496,586
            Intersegment sales                                   –         3,386         1,578,042         1,581,428
                                                       82,641,602      1,641,467         5,794,945        90,078,014
            Intersegment adjustments and
              eliminations                                       –         (3,386)      (1,578,042)        (1,581,428)
            Total revenue from contracts with
              customers                                82,641,602      1,638,081         4,216,903        88,496,586


           The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that
           were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from
           performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:


                                                                                          2022                 2021
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
              at the beginning of the reporting period:
            Sale of completed properties                                             58,556,902           46,988,645
            Hotel operations                                                            30,399                12,577
            Others                                                                      23,160                33,614
                                                                                     58,610,461           47,034,836
234   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
           Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
           (ii)   Performance obligations
                  Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


                  Sale of completed properties
                  The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the completed properties.


                  Land development
                  The performance obligation is satisfied when the land development is completed.


                  Hotel operations
                  The performance obligation is satisfied when services are rendered. Short-term advances are
                  sometimes required before rendering the services.


                  Property management services
                  The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and short-term advances
                  are normally required before rendering the services. Property management service contracts are for
                  periods of one year or less, or are billed based on the time incurred.


                  Design, construction and decoration services
                  The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally
                  due within 60 days from the date of billing. A certain percentage of payment is retained by customers
                  until the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to the final payment is conditional
                  on the satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over a certain period as stipulated in the
                  contracts.
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022             235

                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2022




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
                                                                                                    2022                2021
                                                                              Notes            RMB’000             RMB’000

         Other income
         Interest income                                                                      2,130,988            2,387,013
         Other investment income                                                                474,346              631,942
         Government grants*                                                                     333,326              288,716
         Default penalty income                                                                   45,535               31,496
                                                                                              2,984,195            3,339,167
         Gains
         Fair value gains on investment properties                              18            1,625,045                      –
         Fair value gains on transfers from properties held for
           sale to investment properties                                                          34,725                     –
         Gain on bargain purchase                                               43            3,926,368                93,763
         Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                       44              584,294            1,068,824
         Fair value gains on the equity interests previously
           held as investments in joint ventures or associates                  43              833,929              266,183
         Fair value gains on other financial assets                                           1,249,700                      –
         Fair value gain on a convertible bond                                                    48,544               20,598
         Foreign exchange gain, net                                              6                41,019                     –
         Gain on disposal of investments in joint ventures
           and associates                                                                         87,258             440,906
         Gain on bargain purchase of an associate                               23                       –         1,660,284
         Others                                                                                 275,531              138,549
                                                                                              8,706,413            3,689,107
                                                                                             11,690,608            7,028,274

     *       Various government grants have been received from the relevant authorities for the Group’s businesses conducted
             in certain cities in Mainland China. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.
236   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
           The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                        2022               2021
                                                                                   Notes             RMB’000            RMB’000

               Cost of properties sold                                                            63,273,395           66,655,131
               Cost of land development                                                            1,414,958            2,818,111
               Cost of services provided                                                           5,076,294            3,829,067
               Cost of goods sold                                                                     81,105                    –
               Direct operating expenses (including repairs
                 and maintenance) arising on rental-earning
                 investment properties                                                                238,024              254,309
               Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                         14               470,073              438,676
               Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  19(a)             166,769              187,087
               Amortisation of intangible assets                                     21                35,205               23,166
               Lease payments not included in the measurement
                 of lease liabilities                                               19(c)              89,406               76,086
               Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   8,853                8,718
               Employee benefit expense (including directors’
                 and chief executive’s remuneration (note (9)):
                 Wages and salaries                                                                3,280,435             3,146,467
                 Equity-settled share option expense                                  40             (48,308)               46,127
                 Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution
                   schemes)****                                                                       311,112              279,127
                 Less: Amount capitalised                                                             (58,297)             (65,746)
               Net pension scheme contributions*                                                      252,815              213,381
                                                                                                   3,484,942             3,405,975
               Foreign exchange differences, net                                                      (41,019)             259,463
               Loss on disposal of items of property, plant
                 and equipment**                                                                         1,205              14,393
               Penalties**                                                                                   –             110,365
               Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                         –                 (18)
               Provision of impairment of trade and bills receivables**               25                 8,118               6,016
               (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of financial assets
                 included in prepayments, other receivables
                 and other assets**                                                                   (2,475)                5,828
               Impairment of properties under development, net**                                   3,100,161               594,285
               Impairment of properties held for sale, net**                                       1,259,329               399,306
               Impairment of amounts due from related parties, net**                  28           1,585,912                     –
               Fair value (gains)/losses on investment properties***                  18          (1,625,045)            1,676,648

           *       At 31 December 2022, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension
                   schemes in future years (2021: Nil).
           **      These items are included in “other expenses and losses, net” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
           ***     The fair value losses on investment properties for the year ended 31 December 2021 were included in “other
                   expenses and losses, net” in the consolidated statement of profit and losses.
           ****    There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of
                   contributions.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022          237

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2022




7.   OTHER EXPENSES AND LOSSES, NET
     An analysis of other expenses and losses, net is as follows:


                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                      Notes    RMB’000           RMB’000

      Impairment of properties under development, net                          3,100,161           594,285
      Impairment of properties held for sale, net                              1,259,329           399,306
      Fair value loss on investment properties                         18              –         1,676,648
      Impairment of amounts due from related parties, net              28      1,585,912                 –
      Others                                                                      8,706            136,399
                                                                               5,954,108         2,806,638


8.   FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

      Interest on bank and other loans, notes and bonds                        5,269,712         4,299,309
      Interest on an amount due to fellow subsidiaries (note 48(a))              89,116            144,696
      Interest on an amount due to the immediate holding company
        (note 48(a))                                                            291,436            149,780
      Interest on an amount due to an intermediate holding company
        (note 48(a))                                                            469,177            492,583
      Interest on an amount due to associates (note 48(a))                       93,664            202,494
      Interest on an amount due to joint ventures (note 48(a))                  206,900            356,394
      Interest on an amount due to the substantial shareholder (note 48(a))      64,977              7,234
      Interest on lease liabilities (note 19(b))                                 49,644             49,685
      Total interest expense                                                   6,534,626         5,702,175
      Less: Interest capitalised                                              (3,823,505)       (2,914,505)
                                                                               2,711,121         2,787,670
238   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      9.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
           Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the
           Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)
           (a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
           Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

               Fees                                                                                    1,580               1,528
               Other emoluments:
                 Salaries, allowances, benefits in kind and bonuses*                                   8,786              28,293
                 Equity-settled share option expense                                                   1,407               2,634
                 Pension scheme contributions                                                            445               1,482
                                                                                                      10,638              32,409
                                                                                                      12,218              33,937

           *       Certain executive directors of the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are determined with reference to
                   the performance of the Group’s operations.


           In prior years, certain directors were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group, under
           the share option scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 40 to the financial
           statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss
           over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial
           statements for the current year is included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
           disclosures.


           (a)     Independent non-executive directors
                   Mr. Su Xijia, Mr. Suen Man Tak, Mr. Gao Shibin and Mr. Zhong Wei, are independent non-executive
                   directors of the Company, and the fees paid to them during the year were RMB395,000 (2021:
                   RMB382,000), RMB395,000 (2021: RMB382,000), RMB395,000 (2021: RMB382,000) and RMB395,000
                   (2021: RMB382,000), respectively.


                   There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
                   (2021: Nil).
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022         239

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2022




9.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)
     (b)   Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive
           Executive directors
           i.     During the year ended 31 December 2022, Mr. Li Congrui is the chief executive officer of the
                  Company, and the remuneration paid to him included fees of nil, salaries, allowances and
                  benefits in kind of RMB3,037,000, equity-settled share option expense of RMB469,000, and
                  pension scheme contributions of RMB130,000.


                  During the year ended 31 December 2021, Mr. Li Congrui is the chief executive officer of the
                  Company, and the remuneration paid to him included fees of nil, salaries, allowances and
                  benefits in kind of RMB3,153,000, performance related bonuses of RMB5,272,000, special
                  bonuses of RMB1,817,000, equity-settled share option expense of RMB878,000, and pension
                  scheme contributions of RMB507,000.


           ii.    During the year ended 31 December 2022, Mr. Jiang Nan is the chief financial officer of the
                  Company, and the remuneration paid to him included fees of nil, salaries, allowances and
                  benefits in kind of RMB3,066,000, equity-settled share option expense of RMB469,000, and
                  pension scheme contributions of RMB179,000.


                  During the year ended 31 December 2021, Mr. Jiang Nan is the chief financial officer of the
                  Company, and the remuneration paid to him included fees of nil, salaries, allowances and
                  benefits in kind of RMB3,142,000, performance related bonuses of RMB5,058,000, special
                  bonuses of RMB311,000, equity-settled share option expense of RMB878,000, and pension
                  scheme contributions of RMB459,000.


           iii.   During the year ended 31 December 2022, Mr. Song Liuyi is the senior vice president of the
                  Company, and the remuneration paid to him included fees of nil, salaries, allowances and
                  benefits in kind of RMB2,683,000, equity-settled share option expense of RMB469,000, and
                  pension scheme contributions of RMB136,000.


                  During the year ended 31 December 2021, Mr. Song Liuyi is the senior vice president of the
                  Company, and the remuneration paid to him included fees of nil, salaries, allowances and
                  benefits in kind of RMB2,775,000, performance related bonuses of RMB6,246,000, special
                  bonuses of RMB519,000, equity-settled share option expense of RMB878,000, and pension
                  scheme contributions of RMB516,000.
240   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      9.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)
           (b)   Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive (Continued)
                 Non-executive directors
                 i.      Mr. Ning Gaoning resigned as the chairman and non-executive director of the Company with
                         effective from 23 September 2022. There was no remuneration paid to him during the year (2021:
                         Nil).


                         Mr. Li Fanrong was appointed as the chairman and non-executive director of the Company with
                         effect from 23 September 2022. There was no remuneration paid to him during the year (2021:
                         Nil).


                 ii.     Mr. Yang Lin resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 15 June
                         2022. There was no remuneration paid to him during the year (2021: Nil).


                         Mr. Li Fuli was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 15 June
                         2022. There was no remuneration paid to him during the year (2021: Nil).


                 iii.    Mr. Wang Wei resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 28 March
                         2022. There was no remuneration paid to him during the year (2021: Nil).


                         Mr. Liu Pengpeng was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from
                         28 March 2022 and resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 11
                         November 2022. There was no remuneration paid to him during the year (2021: Nil).


                         Mr. Chen Chuan was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 11
                         November 2022. There was no remuneration paid to him during the year (2021: Nil).


                 iv.     Mr. An Hongjun and Mr. Cheng Yong are non-executive directors of the Company. There was
                         no remuneration paid to them during the year (2021: Nil).


                 There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive
                 any remuneration during the year (2021: Nil).
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022          241

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2022




10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
   The five highest paid employees during the year included three directors including the chief executive
   (2021: three directors including the chief executive), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 9
   above. Details of the remuneration of the five highest paid employees of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

    Salaries, allowances, benefits in kind and bonuses*                              13,791             41,745
    Equity-settled share option expense                                               1,959              3,760
    Pension scheme contributions                                                      1,046              2,258
                                                                                     16,796             47,763


   The number of the five highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as
   follows:


                                                                                  Number of employees
                                                                                       2022              2021

    HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                           1                 –
    HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                           1                 –
    HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                           3                 –
    HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                           –                 1
    HK$10,500,001 to HK$11,000,000                                                         –                 1
    HK$11,500,001 to HK$12,000,000                                                         –                 1
    HK$13,000,001 to HK$13,500,000                                                         –                 1
    HK$14,000,001 to HK$14,500,000                                                         –                 1
                                                                                           5                 5


   In prior years, share options were granted to two non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
   employees in respect of their services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures
   in note 40 to the financial statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in the
   statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount
   included in the financial statements for the current year is included in the above non-director and non-chief
   executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.
242   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      11. INCOME TAX
                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                          Note          RMB’000           RMB’000

             Current
               PRC corporate income tax
                 Charge for the year                                                   2,829,866          3,359,917
                 Over-provision in prior years                                             50,815           (10,184)
               PRC land appreciation tax                                               1,671,392          2,044,745
                                                                                       4,552,073          5,394,478
             Deferred                                                      37             (15,787)         (385,039)
             Total tax charge for the year                                             4,536,286          5,009,439


           Hong Kong profits tax
           No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group did not generate any assessable
           profits arising in Hong Kong during the year (2021: Nil).


           PRC corporate income tax
           PRC corporate income tax has been provided at the rate of 25% (2021: 25%) on the taxable profits of the
           Group’s PRC subsidiaries.


           PRC land appreciation tax (“LAT”)
           According to the requirements of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on LAT (中華人民共和國土地增
           值稅暫行條例) effective from 1 January 1994 and the Detailed Implementation Rules on the Provisional
           Regulations of the PRC on LAT (中華人民共和國土地增值稅暫行條例實施細則) effective from 27 January
           1995, all gains arising from a transfer of real estate property in Mainland China effective from 1 January
           1994 are subject to LAT at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value,
           being the proceeds from the sale of properties less deductible expenditures including borrowing costs and
           all property development expenditures.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022           243

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




11. INCOME TAX (Continued)
   A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the jurisdictions
   in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax charge for the year at
   the effective tax rates is as follows:


   2022


                                                                                     Mainland
                                                                Hong Kong                China              Total
                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

    Profit before tax                                              917,022          8,840,158         9,757,180

    Tax at the statutory income tax rate                           151,309          2,210,034         2,361,343
    Effect of withholding tax at 5% on the distributable
      profits of certain PRC subsidiaries                           (15,797)                  –          (15,797)
    Adjustment in respect of current tax of
      previous periods                                                     –           50,815             50,815
    Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures
      and associates                                                       –         (124,358)         (124,358)
    Income not subject to tax                                      (292,413)         (721,410)       (1,013,823)
    Expenses not deductible for tax                                141,104            229,910           371,014
    Tax losses utilised from previous periods                              –         (229,714)         (229,714)
    Tax losses not recognised                                              –        1,883,262         1,883,262
    LAT (note 36)                                                          –        1,671,392         1,671,392
    Tax effect of LAT                                                      –         (417,848)         (417,848)
    Tax charge for the year                                         (15,797)        4,552,083         4,536,286
244   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      11. INCOME TAX (Continued)
           2021


                                                                                    Mainland
                                                                    Hong Kong          China            Total
                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

             Profit before tax                                        1,647,396    11,066,874      12,714,270

             Tax at the statutory income tax rate                      271,820      2,766,719        3,038,539
             Effect of withholding tax at 5% on the distributable
               profits of certain PRC subsidiaries                      23,948              –          23,948
             Adjustment in respect of current tax of
               previous periods                                               –       (10,184)         (10,184)
             Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures
               and associates                                                 –      (367,583)        (367,583)
             Income not subject to tax                                 (506,959)     (141,282)        (648,241)
             Expenses not deductible for tax                           235,139        417,515         652,654
             Tax losses utilised from previous periods                        –      (141,879)        (141,879)
             Tax losses not recognised                                        –       928,626         928,626
             LAT (note 36)                                                    –     2,044,745        2,044,745
             Tax effect of LAT                                                –      (511,186)        (511,186)
             Tax charge for the year                                    23,948      4,985,491        5,009,439


           The share of tax attributable to joint ventures and associates amounting to RMB592,297,000 (2021:
           RMB764,512,000) is included in “Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates” in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss.
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022          245

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2022




12. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

    Interim – HK9.0 cents (2021 interim dividend: HK12.0 cents)
      per ordinary share                                                          999,781          1,266,204
    Proposed final – HK2.0 cents (2021: Nil) per ordinary share                   231,974                  –


   Special dividend by mean of distribution in specie
   On 10 March 2022, in connection of the listing of ordinary shares of Jinmao Services, a then wholly-owned
   subsidiary, on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing”), a distribution in specie of 191,680,031
   ordinary shares of Jinmao Services was made to the qualifying shareholders of the Company (the “Special
   Distribution”) with a total fair value of HK$1,560,275,000 (equivalent to RMB1,259,142,000), which is based
   on Jinmao Services’ initial public offering price of HK$8.14 per share.


   Subsequent to the Listing and the Special Distribution, Jinmao Services became a 67.28% owned subsidiary
   of the Company.


   Scrip dividend scheme
   On 30 August 2022, the board of directors of the Company resolved to declare and pay an interim dividend
   of HK$0.09 per share for the six months ended 30 June 2022 to the shareholders of the Company (the
   “Shareholders”), and proposed to adopt a scrip dividend scheme to offer the Shareholders an option to
   receive the dividends to be declared or paid by the Company wholly or partly in the form of new and fully
   paid shares of the Company in lieu of cash. The resolution of the adoption of this scrip dividend scheme
   was duly passed by the Shareholders on 27 September 2022. The number of ordinary shares issued as scrip
   dividends was 625,166,822 and the total amount of dividend paid as scrip dividends was RMB594,337,000
   while cash dividends amounted to RMB405,444,000.


   The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company's shareholders at the
   forthcoming annual general meeting.
246   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
          THE PARENT
           The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
           to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of
           12,754,745,545 (2021: 12,691,578,579) in issue during the year.


           The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
           to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
           calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings per share
           calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued on the
           deemed exercise of the Group’s share options into ordinary shares.


           The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

             Earnings
             Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent used in
               the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations                      1,984,083           4,689,944


                                                                                              Number of shares
                                                                                                2022               2021

             Shares
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
               used in the basic earnings per share calculation                       12,754,745,545      12,691,578,579
             Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
               Share options                                                                        –        14,593,362
                                                                                      12,754,745,545      12,706,171,941
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022                247

                                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                          31 December 2022




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                         Furniture,
                                                                                            fixtures
                                                 Hotel       Leasehold                   and office      Motor     Construction
                                            properties    improvements      Buildings    equipment     vehicles     in progress         Total
                                             RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

    31 December 2022


    At 1 January 2022:
      Cost                                  8,785,316           41,943      1,038,459    2,561,366      57,330       3,570,953     16,055,367
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                          (2,495,466)        (21,380)      (230,147)   (1,526,062)    (49,376)              –    (4,322,431)
    Net carrying amount                     6,289,850           20,563       808,312     1,035,304       7,954       3,570,953     11,732,936
    At 1 January 2022, net of accumulated
      depreciation and impairment           6,289,850           20,563       808,312     1,035,304       7,954       3,570,953     11,732,936
    Additions                                  63,701           80,010       114,970        84,452       1,108         430,910       775,151
    Disposals                                  (25,442)         (1,190)             –        (4,939)        (21)         (5,281)      (36,873)
    Depreciation provided during the year
      (note 6)                               (216,795)         (16,851)       (69,409)    (163,230)      (3,788)              –      (470,073)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)            –                  –    753,849          7,401      3,716         159,397       924,363
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 44)               –                  –           –        (1,124)       (182)              –        (1,306)
    Transfer from investment properties
      (note 18)                                      –              –         54,200              –           –               –       54,200
    Transfer from properties under
      development                             422,892                   –           –             –           –               –      422,892
    Transfers                                  10,336          (60,840)      385,391       499,290            –       (834,177)             –
    Exchange realignment                             –                  –           –             6           –               –             6
    At 31 December 2022, net of
      accumulated depreciation
      and impairment                        6,544,542           21,692      2,047,313    1,457,160       8,787       3,321,802     13,401,296

    At 31 December 2022:
      Cost                                  9,252,262           61,703      2,708,564    3,156,103      82,333       3,321,802     18,582,767
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                          (2,707,720)        (40,011)      (661,251)   (1,698,943)    (73,546)              –    (5,181,471)
    Net carrying amount                     6,544,542           21,692      2,047,313    1,457,160       8,787       3,321,802     13,401,296
248   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                                                                                                 Furniture,
                                                                                                    fixtures
                                                         Hotel        Leasehold                  and office       Motor     Construction
                                                     properties    improvements     Buildings    equipment      vehicles     in progress        Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

             31 December 2021


             At 1 January 2021:
               Cost                                   8,806,191          22,150      917,470      2,372,929       59,334       3,045,610    15,223,684
               Accumulated depreciation and
                 impairment                          (2,265,569)         (20,264)    (185,894)    (1,395,454)    (49,448)              –    (3,916,629)
             Net carrying amount                      6,540,622           1,886      731,576        977,475        9,886       3,045,610    11,307,055
             At 1 January 2021, net of accumulated
               depreciation and impairment            6,540,622           1,886      731,576        977,475        9,886       3,045,610    11,307,055
             Additions                                  (58,327)         14,056        10,231        90,656        2,972         608,795      668,383
             Disposals                                  (25,457)              (4)           –         (4,357)       (509)        (41,977)      (72,304)
             Depreciation provided during the year
               (note 6)                                (234,441)            (971)     (51,853)     (147,014)      (4,397)              –      (438,676)
             Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)            –             119             –           995            2         150,828      151,944
             Disposal of subsidiaries (note 44)               –                –            –         (1,821)          –               –        (1,821)
             Gain on property revaluation in
               relation to the transfer to
               investment properties                          –                –       11,179              –           –               –       11,179
             Transfer to investment properties
               (note 18)                                      –                –      (14,500)             –           –               –       (14,500)
             Transfer from investment properties
               (note 18)                                      –                –     121,679               –           –               –      121,679
             Transfers                                   67,453           5,477             –       119,373            –        (192,303)            –
             Exchange realignment                             –                –            –             (3)          –               –            (3)
             At 31 December 2021, net of
               accumulated depreciation
               and impairment                         6,289,850          20,563      808,312      1,035,304        7,954       3,570,953    11,732,936

             At 31 December 2021:
               Cost                                   8,785,316          41,943     1,038,459     2,561,366       57,330       3,570,953    16,055,367
               Accumulated depreciation and
                 impairment                          (2,495,466)         (21,380)    (230,147)    (1,526,062)    (49,376)              –    (4,322,431)
             Net carrying amount                      6,289,850          20,563      808,312      1,035,304        7,954       3,570,953    11,732,936


           At 31 December 2022, certain of the Group’s hotel properties and buildings, construction in progress
           included in property, plant and equipment with an aggregate net carrying amount of approximately
           RMB5,168,032,000 (2021: RMB3,213,792,000) were pledged to secure bank and other loans granted to the
           Group (note 35).
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022         249

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2022




15. PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
   The Group’s properties under development are situated in Mainland China.


   At 31 December 2022, certain of the Group’s properties included in properties under development with
   a net carrying amount of approximately RMB70,679,210,000 (2021: RMB90,341,912,000) were pledged to
   secure bank and other loans granted to the Group (note 35).


16. LAND UNDER DEVELOPMENT
   Land under development represents the project cost, land requisition cost, compensation cost and other
   preliminary infrastructure costs in relation to the Group’s land development projects (the “Projects”) in
   Mainland China. Though the Group does not have the ownership title or land use right to such land, the
   Group is given the right to carry out construction and preparation works in respect of land infrastructure
   and ancillary public facilities as well as other development works in the Projects. When the land plots
   are sold by the local government, the Group is entitled to receive from the local authorities the land
   development fee.


17. PROPERTIES HELD FOR SALE
   The Group’s properties held for sale are situated in Mainland China.


   At 31 December 2022, certain of the Group’s properties included in properties held for sale with a net
   carrying amount of approximately RMB488,501,000 (2021: RMB132,501,000) were pledged to secure bank
   and other loans granted to the Group (note 35).


18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                  Notes         RMB’000           RMB’000

    Carrying amount at 1 January                                              31,564,522         33,315,404
    Additions                                                                    144,603            160,683
    Net gain/(loss) from a fair value adjustment                     5         1,625,045         (1,676,648)
    Transfer from properties held for sale                                     4,675,289                  –
    Transfer to properties held for sale                                         (485,937)                –
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment                     14                   –           14,500
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment                       14            (54,200)         (121,679)
    Transfer from/(to) right-of-use assets                         19(a)           19,764          (127,738)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                     43         1,067,600                  –
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                        44         (1,468,000)                –
    Carrying amount at 31 December                                            37,088,686         31,564,522
250   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
           The Group’s investment properties consist of commercial properties and right-of-use assets in Mainland
           China. The directors of the Company have determined that the investment properties consist of one class
           of asset, i.e., commercial, based on the nature, characteristics and risks of each property. The Group’s
           investment properties were revalued individually on 31 December 2022 based on valuations performed by
           Cushman & Wakefield Limited, Shanghai Cairui Real Estate Land Appraisal Co., Ltd., Beijing Zhongqihua
           Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd., and Beijing Zhuoxindahua Appraisal Co., Ltd., independent professionally
           qualified valuers. Each year, the Group’s management decides to appoint which external valuers to
           be responsible for the external valuations of the Group’s properties. Selection criteria include market
           knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. The Group’s
           management has discussions with the valuers on the valuation assumptions and valuation results twice a
           year when the valuation is performed for interim and annual financial reporting.


           As at 31 December 2022, four of the Group’s investment properties were right-of-use asset with total
           carrying amount of RMB746,708,000 (2021: RMB766,301,000) relating to buildings which were leased out
           under one or more operating leases. These investment properties are leased under operating leases,
           further summary details of which are included in note 19 to the financial statements.


           At 31 December 2022, certain of the Group’s investment properties with a carrying value of
           RMB13,319,860,000 (2021: RMB11,881,000,000) were pledged to secure bank and other loans granted to the
           Group (note 35).


           Fair value hierarchy
           The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:


                                                                             Fair value measurement as at
                                                                               31 December 2022 using
                                                                       Significant      Significant
                                                                       observable     unobservable
                                                                           inputs           inputs
                                                                         (Level 2)        (Level 3)          Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

             Recurring fair value measurement for:
               Commercial properties                                       41,600       37,047,086       37,088,686


                                                                             Fair value measurement as at
                                                                               31 December 2021 using
                                                                       Significant      Significant
                                                                       observable     unobservable
                                                                           inputs           inputs
                                                                         (Level 2)        (Level 3)          Total
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

             Recurring fair value measurement for:
               Commercial properties                                        41,800        31,522,722       31,564,522
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022           251

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
   transfers into or out of Level 3 (2021: Nil).


   Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                                                   Commercial
                                                                                                    properties
                                                                                                     RMB’000

    Carrying amount at 1 January 2021                                                                  33,273,504
    Additions                                                                                             160,683
    Net loss from a fair value adjustment                                                              (1,676,548)
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                                            14,500
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                                            (121,679)
    Transfer to right-of-use assets                                                                      (127,738)
    Carrying amount at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                             31,522,722
    Additions                                                                                             144,603
    Net gain from a fair value adjustment                                                               1,625,245
    Transfer from properties held for sale                                                              4,675,289
    Transfer to properties held for sale                                                                 (485,937)
    Transfer from right-of-use assets                                                                      19,764
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                                             (54,200)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                         1,067,600
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                           (1,468,000)
    Carrying amount at 31 December 2022                                                                37,047,086
252   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
           Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
           Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment
           properties:


                                                                   Significant
                                     Valuation techniques          unobservable inputs                              Range or weighted average
                                                                                                                           2022                     2021

             Commercial properties   Term and reversion method     Term yield                                     2.00% – 6.00%           2.00% – 6.00%
                                                                   Reversionary yield                             2.00% – 6.50%           2.00% – 6.50%
                                                                   Market rent (per sqm p.a.)               RMB314 – RMB18,600      RMB528 – RMB18,000
                                     Discounted cash flow method   Estimated rental value (per sqm p.a.)     RMB626 – RMB2,600                  RMB2,003
                                                                   Rental growth p.a.                             0.00% – 6.74%           2.50% – 6.50%
                                                                   Long term vacancy rate                        0.00% – 10.00%          5.00% – 20.00%
                                                                   Discount rate                                  4.00% – 7.00%           5.50% – 7.00%
                                     Market comparable method      Price per sqm                           RMB5,600 – RMB59,928 RMB13,300 – RMB90,840


            Right-of-use assets      Term and reversion method     Term yield                                     3.50% – 5.50%           3.50% – 5.50%
                                                                   Reversionary yield                             4.00% – 6.00%           4.00% – 6.00%
                                                                   Market rent (per sqm p.a.)                RMB637 – RMB2,387       RMB637 – RMB2,630
                                     Discounted cash flow method   Estimated rental value (per sqm p.a.)       RMB316 – RMB563                      N/A
                                                                   Rental growth p.a.                                (1%) – 11%                     N/A
                                                                   Discount rate                                          6.50%                     N/A


           The term and reversion method measures the fair value of the property by taking into account the rental
           income derived from the existing leases with due allowance for the reversionary income potential of the
           leases, which are then capitalised into the value at appropriate rates.


           A significant increase (decrease) in the term yield and the reversionary yield in isolation would result in a
           significant decrease (increase) in the fair value of the investment properties. A significant increase (decrease)
           in the market rent would result in a significant increase (decrease) in the fair value of the investment
           properties.


           Under the discounted cash flow method, fair value is estimated using assumptions regarding the benefits
           and liabilities of ownership over the asset’s life including an exit or terminal value. This method involves the
           projection of a series of cash flows on a property interest. A market-derived discount rate is applied to the
           projected cash flow in order to establish the present value of the income stream associated with the asset.
           The exit yield is normally separately determined and differs from the discount rate.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022           253

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   The duration of the cash flows and the specific timing of inflows and outflows are determined by
   events such as rent reviews, lease renewal and related reletting, redevelopment or refurbishment. The
   appropriate duration is driven by market behaviour that is a characteristic of the class of property. The
   periodic cash flow is estimated as gross income less vacancy, non-recoverable expenses, collection losses,
   lease incentives, maintenance costs, agent and commission costs and other operating and management
   expenses. The series of periodic net operating income, along with an estimate of the terminal value
   anticipated at the end of the projection period, is then discounted.

   A significant increase (decrease) in the estimated rental value and the market rent growth rate per annum
   in isolation would result in a significant increase (decrease) in the fair value of the investment properties. A
   significant increase (decrease) in the long term vacancy rate and the discount rate in isolation would result
   in a significant decrease (increase) in the fair value of the investment properties. Generally, a change in the
   assumption made for the estimated rental value is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the rent
   growth per annum and the discount rate and an opposite change in the long term vacancy rate.

   Under the market comparable method, a property’s fair value is estimated based on comparable
   transactions. Although property interests are not homogeneous, the International Valuation Standards
   Council considers the market approach most commonly applied. “In order to compare the subject of the
   valuation with the price of other real property interests that have been recently exchanged or that may be
   currently available in the market, it is usual to adopt a suitable unit of comparison. Units of comparison that
   are commonly used include analysing sales prices by calculating the price per square meter of a building or
   per hectare for land. Other units used for price comparison where there is sufficient homogeneity between
   the physical characteristics include a price per room or a price per unit of output, e.g., crop yields. A unit
   of comparison is only useful when it is consistently selected and applied to the subject property and the
   comparable properties in each analysis”.

   The market comparable method is based upon the principle of substitution under which a potential buyer
   will not pay more for the property than it will cost to buy a comparable substitute property. In theory,
   the best comparable sale would be an exact duplicate of the subject property and would indicate, by the
   known selling price of the duplicate, the price for which the subject property could be sold. The unit of
   comparison applied by the Group is the price per square metre. The market comparable approach is often
   used in combination with either the discounted cash flow or the term and reversion method as many inputs
   to these methods are based on market comparison.

   A significant increase (decrease) in the price per square metre would result in a significant increase
   (decrease) in the fair value of the investment properties.

   The residual method is essentially a mean of valuing land with reference to its development potential by
   deducting construction cost, interest and developer’s profit from its estimated gross development value
   assuming it would have been completed as at the valuation date in accordance with the latest development
   scheme provided to the Group by relevant parties. The estimated total and outstanding construction costs
   and development schedule to be advised by the relevant parties will also be considered.

   A significant increase (decrease) in the developer’s profit rate would result in a significant decrease
   (increase) in the fair value of the investment properties.
254   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      19. LEASES
           The Group as a lessee
           The Group has lease contracts mainly for properties used in its operations. Lump sum payments were made
           upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 30 to 70 years, and no ongoing
           payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of office properties, equipments and
           staff quarters generally have lease terms between 2 and 15 years.


           (a)   Right-of-use assets
                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as
                 follows:


                                                                                           Office
                                                                                       properties,
                                                                                       equipments
                                                                       Leasehold         and staff
                                                                               land      quarters          Total
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

                  As at 1 January 2021                                  1,411,339         223,853      1,635,192
                  Additions                                                    5,188        98,542       103,730
                  Additions as a result of acquisition of
                    subsidiaries (note 43)                                 17,158            1,155        18,313
                  Transfer from investment properties (note 18)                   –       127,738        127,738
                  Depreciation charge (note 6)                            (54,975)        (132,112)     (187,087)
                  As at 31 December 2021 and
                    1 January 2022                                     1,378,710          319,176     1,697,886
                  Additions                                               37,726          123,091       160,817
                  Additions as a result of acquisition of
                    subsidiaries (note 43)                               167,358            8,683       176,041
                  Transferred to investment properties (note 18)                  –       (66,472)       (66,472)
                  Transfer from investment properties (note 18)                   –        46,708        46,708
                  Transfer from properties under development             104,944                 -      104,944
                  Revision of a lease term arising from a change
                    in the non-cancellable period of a lease                      –        (1,480)        (1,480)
                  Depreciation charge (note 6)                           (59,379)        (107,390)     (166,769)
                  As at 31 December 2022                               1,629,359          322,316     1,951,675


                 At 31 December 2022, certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets with an aggregate net carrying
                 amount of approximately RMB666,323,000 (2021: RMB618,864,000) were pledged to secure bank and
                 other loans granted to the Group (note 35).
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022           255

                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2022




19. LEASES (Continued)
   The Group as a lessee (Continued)
   (b)   Lease liabilities
         The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                           2022                2021
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

          Carrying amount at 1 January                                                 1,065,976           1,099,575

          New leases                                                                    111,420              90,565
          Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)                   8,624               1,044
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year (note 8)                      49,644              49,685
          Payments                                                                      (108,096)           (174,893)
          Revision of a lease term arising from a change
            in the non-cancellable period of a lease                                      (1,466)                  –
          Carrying amount at 31 December                                               1,126,102           1,065,976

          Analysed into
            Current portion                                                             175,448             117,206
            Non-current portion                                                         950,654             948,770


         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 51 to the financial statements.


         The Group has applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessors
         for leases of certain office properties and staff quarters during the year.
256   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      19. LEASES (Continued)
           The Group as a lessee (Continued)
           (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                                   2022         2021
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

                  Interest on lease liabilities                                                   49,644       49,685
                  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                 166,769          187,087
                  Expense relating to short-term leases (included in cost of sales)               10,871       12,631
                  Expense relating to leases of low-value assets
                    (included in administrative expenses)                                         78,535       63,455
                  Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                  305,819          312,858


           (d)   The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet
                 commenced are disclosed in notes 45(c) and 47, respectively, to the financial statements.


           The Group as a lessor
           The Group leases its investment properties (note 18) consisting of commercial properties and right-of-
           use assets in Mainland China under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases generally
           also require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according
           to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was
           RMB1,467,970,000 (2021: RMB1,563,348,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial
           statements.


           At 31 December 2022, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under
           non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                                   2022         2021
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

           Within one year                                                                 1,172,635         1,188,967
           After one year but within two years                                               765,922          852,415
           After two years but within three years                                            647,819          440,240
           After three years but within four years                                           310,666          296,410
           After four years but within five years                                            270,431          170,189
           After five years                                                                  573,021          455,381
                                                                                           3,740,494         3,403,602
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022          257

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




20. GOODWILL
                                                                                                        RMB’000

   Cost and carrying amount at 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and
     1 January 2022                                                                                             –
   Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 43)                                                                  249,122
   At 31 December 2022                                                                                   249,122
   At 31 December 2022
     Cost                                                                                                249,122
     Accumulated impairment                                                                                    –
       Net carrying amount                                                                               249,122


   Impairment testing of goodwill
   Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following cash-generating unit for
   impairment testing:

   •      Beijing Capital Property Services Limited cash-generating unit

   Beijing Capital Property Services Limited cash-generating unit
   The recoverable amount of this cash-generating unit has been determined based on a value in use
   calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved
   by senior management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 11.98%. The growth rate
   used to extrapolate the cash flows of the upscale residential and commercial projects cash-generating
   unit beyond the five-year period is 3%, which was the same as the long term average growth rate of the
   property management industry.

   The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit is as follows:

                                                                     Beijing Capital Property Services Limited
                                                                                         cash-generating unit
                                                                                                         2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000

   Carrying amount of goodwill                                                                            249,122


   Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of this cash-generating unit for 31 December 2022.
   The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to
   undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

   Budgeted gross margins – The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margins
   is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year, increased for
   expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

   Discount rates – The discount rates used are after tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant unit.

   The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development and discount rates are consistent with
   external information sources.
258   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      21. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                     Computer         Contractual
                                                                       software            rights       Total
                                                                      RMB’000                       RMB’000

             31 December 2022


             At 1 January 2022
               Cost                                                    259,320                  –    259,320
               Accumulated amortisation and impairment                  (84,432)                –     (84,432)
               Net carrying amount                                     174,888                  –    174,888

             Cost at 1 January 2022, net of accumulated
               amortisation and impairment                             174,888                  –    174,888
             Additions                                                  86,447                  –     86,477
             Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)                     176,060            86,200     262,260
             Disposals                                                     (965)                –        (965)
             Amortisation provided during the year (note 6)             (31,328)          (3,877)     (35,205)
             At 31 December 2022                                       405,102            82,323     487,425

             At 31 December 2022
               Cost                                                    513,483            86,200     599,683
               Accumulated amortisation and impairment                (108,381)           (3,877)   (122,258)
               Net carrying amount                                     405,102            82,323     487,425


                                                                                                    Computer
                                                                                                     software
                                                                                                    RMB’000

             31 December 2021


             At 1 January 2021
               Cost                                                                                   195,336
               Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                (87,864)
               Net carrying amount                                                                    107,472

             Cost at 1 January 2021, net of accumulated amortisation and impairment                   107,472
             Additions                                                                                 90,665
             Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)                                                         76
             Disposals                                                                                   (159)
             Amortisation provided during the year (note 6)                                           (23,166)
             At 31 December 2021                                                                      174,888

             At 31 December 2021
               Cost                                                                                   259,320
               Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                (84,432)
               Net carrying amount                                                                    174,888
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          259

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




22. JOINT OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
   Investments in joint ventures
                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

    Share of net assets                                                          22,552,160         22,187,070
    Other investments in joint ventures                                           3,331,554                   –
    Total investments in joint ventures                                          25,883,714         22,187,070


   Other investments in joint ventures represented the investments in perpetual capital instruments issued by
   joint ventures. In the opinion of the directors, these perpetual capital instruments are considered as part of
   the Group’s investments in joint ventures.


   The amounts due from and to joint ventures are disclosed in note 28 to the financial statements.


   All of the Group’s investments in joint ventures are indirectly held by the Company.


   The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of loss of certain joint ventures because the share
   of loss of the joint ventures exceeded the Group’s interests in them and the Group has no obligation to
   take up further losses. The amounts of the Group’s unrecognised share of loss of the joint ventures for the
   current year and cumulatively were RMB280,580,000 (2021: RMB508,933,000) and RMB1,237,304,000 (2021:
   RMB1,413,152,000), respectively.


   The joint ventures of the Group are considered not individually material and the following table illustrates
   the aggregate financial information of the joint ventures:


                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

    Share of the joint ventures’ profit for the year                                  73,467           996,077
    Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive income for the year              73,467           996,077
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the
       joint ventures                                                            25,883,714         22,187,070


   Joint operations
   On 11 May 2010, the Company entered into a framework cooperation agreement with Qingdao Urban
   Construction Investment (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Urban Investment Group”) pursuant to which the
   Company and Qingdao Urban Investment Group intended to jointly develop the Lanhai Xingang City
   project located in Qingdao, the PRC.


   On 5 November 2010, Qingdao Jin Mao, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company was
   established for the purpose of operating the Lanhai Xingang City project, and Qingdao Urban Investment
   Group entered into a capital increase agreement pursuant to which Qingdao Jin Mao agreed to make a
   capital injection of RMB1 billion into Qingdao Lanhai Xingang City Properties Co., Ltd. (“Lanhai Xingang
   City”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qingdao Urban Investment Group, to subscribe for its new registered
   capital.
260   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      22. JOINT OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
           Joint operations (Continued)
           On 28 July 2011, Qingdao Jin Mao completed the acquisition of a 50% equity interest in Lanhai Xingang
           City through contributing RMB1 billion to the newly registered capital of Lanhai Xingang City. On the same
           day, Qingdao Jin Mao and Qingdao Urban Investment Group entered into a supplementary agreement
           pursuant to which Lanhai Xingang City agreed to establish two branches, where branch 1 would be
           unilaterally managed and controlled by Qingdao Jin Mao in respect of the development of the Southern
           region with a land area of 200 mu (the “Southern Region”) and branch 2 would be unilaterally managed
           and controlled by Qingdao Urban Investment Group in respect of the development of the Northern region
           with a total land area of 140 mu (the “Northern Region”). The land use right certificate in connection with
           the Southern Region is registered under the name of Lanhai Xingang City.


           The Group considered this supplementary arrangement as a joint operation and recognised the assets,
           liabilities and revenue and expenses of branch 1 as the Group is given the rights to the assets and has
           obligations for the liabilities of branch 1 pursuant to the terms of the supplementary agreement.


           The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of branch 1 of Lanhai Xingang City
           recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

             Non-current assets
               Property, plant and equipment                                                    158                179
             Total non-current assets                                                           158                179

             Current assets
               Properties held for sale                                                    293,872              300,958
               Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                5,346               3,575
               Restricted bank balances                                                       4,200                563
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                      6,852              55,389
             Total current assets                                                          310,270              360,485

             Current liabilities
               Trade and bills payables                                                    122,037              157,029
               Other payables and accruals                                                  83,621               91,828
             Total current liabilities                                                     205,658              248,857

             Net current assets                                                            104,612              111,628

             Total assets less current liabilities                                         104,770              111,807
             Net assets                                                                    104,770              111,807
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          261

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




22. JOINT OPERATIONS AND INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   Joint operations (Continued)
                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

    Revenue                                                                            6,236            273,190
    Cost of sales                                                                      3,303           (243,837)
    Gross profit                                                                       9,539             29,353
    Other income and gains                                                               130                962
    Selling and marketing expenses                                                      (948)               308
    Administrative expenses                                                             (285)              (527)
    Profit before tax                                                                  8,436             30,096
    Income tax                                                                        (2,545)           (18,659)
    Profit for the year                                                                5,891             11,437


23. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

    Share of net assets                                                          21,873,426         20,335,619
    Other investments in associates                                                 896,768                  –
    Total investments in associates                                              22,770,194         20,335,619


   Other investments in associates represented the investments in perpetual capital instruments issued by
   associates. In the opinion of the directors, these perpetual capital instruments are considered as part of the
   Group’s investments in the associates.

   The amounts due from and to associates are disclosed in note 28 to the financial statements.

   The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of loss of certain associates because the share
   of loss of the associates exceeded the Group’s interests in them and the Group has no obligation to
   take up further losses. The amounts of the Group’s unrecognised share of loss of the associates for the
   current year and cumulatively were RMB176,409,000 (2021: RMB549,982,000) and RMB1,262,346,000 (2021:
   RMB1,380,230,000), respectively.

   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company acquired a 29.9% equity interest in China
   VAST Industrial Urban Development Company Limited (“China VAST”), a company incorporated in the
   Cayman Islands, whose shares were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for a cash consideration of
   approximately RMB1,234,760,000. China VAST is engaged in the business of (i) planning, development and
   operation of large-scale industrial towns, (ii) property development, and (iii) property leasing, in the PRC.
   The investment in China VAST was accounted as an associate and was measured using the equity method.
   The excess of the Company’s share of net fair value of China VAST’s identifiable asset and liabilities over
   the cost of investment of RMB1,660,284,000 was included in other income and gains (note 5).

   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company acquired additional 60.2% equity interest in China
   VAST and China VAST became a 90.1% owned subsidiary of the Group. On December 6, 2022, China VAST
   completed the privatization transaction and withdrew its shares listed on the Stock Exchange.
262   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      23. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
           At 31 December 2022, the Group’s investment in an associate with an aggregate net carrying amount of
           approximately RMB165,605,000 (2021: Nil) was pledged to secure bank and other loans granted to the
           Group (note 35).


           The associates of the Group are considered not individually material and the following table illustrates the
           aggregate financial information of the associates:


                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

             Share of the associates’ profit for the year                                  423,965            580,388
             Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income for the year              423,965            580,388
             Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in
               the associates                                                          22,770,194          20,335,619


      24. INVENTORIES
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

             Raw materials                                                                 381,366            217,517
             Consumables and tools                                                             146                202
             Hotel merchandise                                                              10,355             13,697
             Trading stock                                                                   3,677              2,689
                                                                                           395,544            234,105


      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

             -At amortised cost
             Trade and bills receivables                                                 2,248,997          2,109,601
             Impairment                                                                    (35,749)           (27,631)
                                                                                         2,213,248          2,081,970
             -At fair value through profit or loss
             Trade receivables                                                           2,429,970                  –
             Carrying amount at 31 December                                              4,643,218          2,081,970
             Current portion                                                             2,213,248          2,081,970
             Non-Current portion                                                         2,429,970                  –


           Consideration in respect of properties sold is receivable in accordance with the terms of the related sale
           and purchase agreements, whilst the Group’s trading terms with its customers in re lation to the provision
           of hotel, decoration and other services are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where payment in
           advance is normally required. The credit period is generally one to three months for major customers. Each
           customer has a maximum credit limit.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          263

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue balances are
   reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s
   trade and bills receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant
   concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its
   trade and bills receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.


   At 31 December 2022, certain of the Group’s trade and bills receivables with a net carrying amount of
   approximately RMB688,679,000 (2021: RMB11,512,000) were pledged to secure bank and other loans
   granted to the Group (note 35).


   An ageing analysis of the trade and bills receivables at amortised cost as at the end of the reporting
   period, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

    Within 1 month                                                                    586,135         1,197,902
    1 to 3 months                                                                     316,206          145,350
    3 to 6 months                                                                     258,412          148,740
    6 months to 1 year                                                                576,996          494,784
    Over 1 year                                                                       475,499            95,194
                                                                                  2,213,248           2,081,970


   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade and bills receivables at amortised cost are as
   follows:


                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

    At 1 January                                                                       27,631            21,615
    Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                     8,118             6,016
    At 31 December                                                                     35,749            27,631


   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
   credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
   with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating, and forms of credit insurance). The calculation
   reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable
   information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of
   future economic conditions. Generally, trade and bills receivables are written off if past due for more than
   one year and are not subject to enforcement activity.
264   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)
           Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade and bills receivables
           at amortised cost using a provision matrix:


           As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                       Past due
                                                                         Less than        1 to 3       Over 3
                                                             Current      1 month        months       months        Total

             Expected credit loss rate                         0.09%        2.98%         2.95%       21.31%       1.59%
             Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)              2,078,067         13,436           889      156,605   2,248,997
             Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                  1,949           401               26    33,373     35,749


           As at 31 December 2021


                                                                                       Past due
                                                                         Less than        1 to 3       Over 3
                                                             Current      1 month        months       months        Total

             Expected credit loss rate                          0.04%        3.21%         8.16%       27.32%       1.31%
             Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                2,003,067         4,859         5,979      95,696    2,109,601
             Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                     846           156          488       26,141      27,631


           Trade receivables – at fair value through profit or loss
           Trade receivables – fair value through profit or loss represents the income arising from land development
           for which the transaction price are determined on a cost-plus basis. The Group entered into service
           agreements with the relevant local government authorities, according to which the Group provides
           construction services and is entitled to service consideration on a cost-plus basis. According to the
           agreements, the relevant local government authorities has the right to defer payment under certain
           circumstances and the cash flows of the receivables could not pass the solely payments of principal and
           interest testing, thus, these were classified as fair value through profit or loss.


           Included in the trade receivables – at fair value through profit or loss from land development was an
           amount of RMB1,748,390,000 (2021: Nil) which was bearing interest ranging from 6.37% to 10% (2021: Nil).


           Details of fair value information of trade receivables – at fair value through profit or loss are set out in note
           50.
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022         265

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2022




26. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

    Prepayments                                                                7,777,805        12,939,701
    Deposits                                                                     925,790         4,123,248
    Other receivables                                                          4,633,987         7,261,024
    Due from non-controlling shareholders                                    14,459,906         13,217,806
    Others                                                                     1,015,560           631,333
    Carrying amount at 31 December                                           28,813,048         38,173,112
    Current portion                                                          28,498,777         37,726,274
    Non-current portion                                                          314,271           446,838


   The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent
   history of default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance was
   assessed to be minimal.


   The current balances of amounts due from non-controlling shareholders are unsecured, interest-free and
   repayable within one year, except for the amounts of RMB9,966,813,000, in aggregate, which bear interest
   at rates from 1.83% to 6.00% per annum (2021: RMB11,289,488,000, in aggregate, which bear interest at
   rates from 1.93% to 4.75% per annum).


   Management expects the contracts costs, primarily sale commission and stamp duty paid/payable, as a
   result of obtaining the property sale contracts are recoverable. The Group has capitalised the amounts as
   contract costs and amortised when the related revenue are recognised.


   As at 31 December 2022, the non-current balance included a pledged deposit of RMB0 (2021:
   RMB246,000,000) made to a local government for performance guarantee, which is not repayable within
   one year.
266   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      27. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                   31 December       31 December           1 January
                                                                            2022              2021              2021
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000

             Contract assets arising from design, construction
               and decoration services                                  476,017          1,400,898           789,328


           Contract assets are initially recognised for other revenue earned from the design, construction and
           decoration services as the receipt of consideration is conditional on successful completion of services,
           respectively. Included in contract assets for design, construction and decoration services are retention
           receivables. Upon completion of services and acceptance by the customer, the amounts recognised as
           contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables. The increase in contract assets in 2022 and 2021 was
           the result of the increase in the ongoing provision of design, construction and decoration services at the
           end of each of the years.


           The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December 2022 is within one
           year.


           An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
           credit losses. The provision rates for the measurement of the expected credit losses of the contract
           assets are based on those of the trade and bills receivables as the contract assets and the trade and
           bills receivables are from the same customer bases. The provision rates of contract assets are based on
           days past due of trade and bills receivables for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss
           patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating, and forms of credit insurance). The calculation reflects the
           probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that
           is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic
           conditions.


           Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s contract assets using a
           provision matrix:


                                                                                             2022               2021

             Expected credit loss rate                                                         0%                0%
             Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                                              476,017          1,400,898
             Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                                    –                 –
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022            267

                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2022




28. BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
   An analysis of the amounts due from related parties is as follows:


                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                          Notes           RMB’000             RMB’000

       Current:
         Due from related parties:
           The ultimate holding company                                                         280                 645
           An intermediate holding company                                                    4,158                 259
           The immediate holding company                                                      1,269               1,162
           An associate of the Group’s ultimate holding company                                   47                 95
           Fellow subsidiaries                                                             440,730              144,870
           Associates*                                                      (i)          8,183,077            9,688,608
           Joint ventures*                                                  (ii)        16,597,594           19,816,601
           The substantial shareholder                                      (iii)        1,958,129            1,912,913


         Impairment allowance                                                           (2,897,092)          (1,311,180)
                                                                                        24,288,192           30,253,973

       Non-current:
         Due from related parties:
           Associates*                                                      (iv)         2,141,740            1,067,678
           Joint ventures*                                                  (v)          3,202,442           10,789,364
           The substantial shareholder                                      (vi)           785,348                     –
                                                                                         6,129,530           11,857,042
                                                                                        30,417,722           42,111,015

   *       The trade and bills receivable relating to provision of property management, green buildings technology, design
           and decoration services are included in due from related parties as at 31 December 2022 with an amount of
           approximately RMB1,186,432,000 (2021: RMB1,045,288,000), which arose from ordinary and usual course of the
           Group on normal commercial terms.
268   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      28. BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           At each reporting date, an impairment analysis is performed using the general approach to recognise the
           ECLs on the amounts due from the related parties. For those associates and joint ventures undertaking
           property development projects, if applicable, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to the
           lifetime ECL which would be calculated by taking into account the impairment losses of the properties
           under development and properties held for sale held by the associates and joint ventures. The ECLs
           reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. As at 31
           December 2022, the loss allowance was assessed and recognised at an amount of RMB2,897,092,000 (2021:
           RMB1,311,180,000).


           The amounts due from related parties are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable on demand, except
           for the following:


           (i)     The current balances of amounts due from associates as at 31 December 2022 of RMB2,638,034,000
                   in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 5.35% to 10.00% per annum (2021:
                   RMB4,019,333,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 2.42% to 9.00% per annum).


           (ii)    The current balances of amounts due from joint ventures as at 31 December 2022 of
                   RMB9,276,712,000 in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 1.93% to 13.88% per annum
                   (2021: RMB10,684,273,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 4.35% to 10.00%
                   per annum).


           (iii)   The current balances of amounts due from the substantial shareholder as at 31 December
                   2022 of RMB995,712,000 in aggregate, which bear interest at a rate of 2.18% per annum (2021:
                   RMB1,747,993,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at a rate of 2.18% to 2.75% per annum).


           (iv)    The non-current balances of amounts due from associates as at 31 December 2022 of
                   RMB1,092,275,000 in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 6.00% to 8.00% per annum
                   (2021: RMB987,798,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 5.22% to 8.00% per
                   annum).


           (v)     The non-current balances of amounts due from joint ventures as at 31 December 2022 of
                   RMB2,395,763,000 in aggregate which bear interest at rates ranging from 5.23% to 10.00% per annum
                   (2021: RMB9,637,243,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 1.93% to 13.88% per
                   annum).


           (vi)    The non-current balances of amounts due from the substantial shareholder as at 31 December 2022
                   include an amount of RMB752,202,000, which bear interest at a rate of 2.75% per annum (2021: Nil).
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        269

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2022




28. BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
   An analysis of the amounts due to related parties is as follows:


                                                                                             2022            2021
                                                                      Notes           RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current:
           Due to related parties:
             The ultimate holding company                                                2,186               2,170
             An intermediate holding company                                            32,037              32,321
             The immediate holding company                                         10,229,643             9,378,955
             Fellow subsidiaries                                                    4,936,210             4,527,859
             Associates                                                  (i)       14,631,779           10,672,565
             Joint ventures                                                        12,353,053           11,759,046
             Associates of the Group’s ultimate holding company                         15,443              15,951
             The substantial shareholder                                            3,283,975             2,577,371
                                                                                   45,484,326           38,966,238

     Non-current:
           Due to related parties:
             An intermediate holding company                            (ii)       11,121,904           11,556,775
             Associates                                                 (iii)         296,440             1,748,901
             Joint ventures                                             (iv)          801,925                    –
                                                                                   12,220,269           13,305,676
                                                                                   57,704,595           52,271,914


   The amounts due to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable on demand, except for
   the following:


   (i)       The current balances of amounts due to associates as at 31 December 2022 of RMB1,735,470,000
             in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 2.18% to 4.75% per annum (2021:
             RMB1,313,370,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 2.18% to 3.85% per annum).


   (ii)      The non-current balances of amounts due to an intermediate holding company as at 31 December
             2022 of RMB10,700,000,000, which bears interest from 4.20% to 4.35% per annum (2021:
             RMB10,700,000,000, which bore interest from 4.20% to 4.35% per annum).


   (iii)     The non-current balances of amounts due to associates as at 31 December 2021 of RMB777,000,000 in
             aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 4.28% to 4.75% per annum (2022: Nil).


   (iv)      The non-current balances of amounts due to a joint venture as at 31 December 2022 of
             RMB205,710,000, which bear interest at a rate of 5.80% per annum (2021: Nil).
270   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      29. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                                                                 2022                 2021
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

             Non-current balances
               Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                     105,000               105,000
               A convertible bond, at fair value                                                     –              806,403
               Investments in a land development project, at fair value                    5,669,905                      –
               Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                      276,132               637,933
                                                                                           6,051,037           1,549,336
             Current balances
               Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                            41                  42
                                                                                           6,051,078           1,549,378


           The above equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.


           Convertible bond as at 31 December 2021 was issued by China VAST in a principal amount of
           US$123,276,000 (equivalent to RMB797,657,000). The convertible bond has a term of 3 years with interest
           rate of 6% per annum payable semi-annually in arrears. The convertible price is HK$3.05 per share and a
           total of 313,735,125 shares of China VAST will be issued upon full conversion of the convertible bonds.


           Investments in a land development project as at 31 December 2022, was investments in Phase II of
           Changsha Meixi Lake Primary Development Project.


           The above other unlisted investments were wealth management products issued by financial institutions in
           Mainland China.
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        271

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2022




30. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES AND
    DEPOSITS
                                                                                      2022            2021
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000

   Cash and bank balances                                                      37,087,009        30,984,729
   Time deposits                                                                7,616,482         8,759,700
                                                                               44,703,491        39,744,429

   Less:
   Restricted bank balances                                                    (7,614,247)       (8,693,792)
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                   37,089,244        31,050,637


  At 31 December 2022, the cash and bank balances and the time deposits of the Group denominated
  in RMB amounted to RMB32,759,090,000 (2021: RMB30,406,235,000). The RMB is not freely convertible
  into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and
  Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
  permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange
  business.


  Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits
  are made for varying periods of within one year depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
  Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank balances and pledged
  deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


  Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are deposits of RMB9,944,226,000 (2021:
  RMB9,972,529,000) placed with Sinochem Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Sinochem Finance”), a financial
  institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rates on these deposits ranged from
  0.35% to 1.90% per annum (2021: 0.35% to 1.90%). Further details of the interest income attributable to the
  deposits placed with Sinochem Finance are set out in note 48(a) to the financial statements.


  As at 31 December 2022, restricted bank balances included the regulated pre-sales proceeds of properties
  of RMB6,640,412,000 (31 December 2021: RMB6,980,418,000).
272   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      31. DUE FROM NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
           The non-current balances of amounts due from non-controlling shareholders are unsecured, bear interest
           at rates ranging from 2.18% to 4.55% (2021: 2.18% to 4.75%) per annum and are not repayable within one
           year.


      32. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
           An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
           invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                             2022                2021
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

             Within 1 year or on demand                                                25,517,380            26,475,543
             Over 1 year                                                                5,315,676             2,476,019
                                                                                       30,833,056            28,951,562


           The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 60-day terms.
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022              273

                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2022




33. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                    2022                 2021
                                                                             Notes             RMB’000              RMB’000

     Other payables                                                            (a)          18,116,971            18,392,754
     Receipts in advance                                                                        768,191             2,551,602
     Contract liabilities                                                      (b)          60,147,539            78,213,782
     Accruals                                                                                   538,003               218,956
     Due to non-controlling shareholders                                       (c)            1,000,883             4,390,261
     Dividend payable to non-controlling shareholders                                            83,227                33,627
     Deferred revenue                                                                         1,307,590               781,743
     Carrying amount at 31 December                                                         81,962,404           104,582,725
     Current portion                                                                        79,981,676           103,811,166
     Non-current portion                                                                      1,980,728               771,559

   Notes:

   (a)   Other payables are non-interest-bearing with an average term of not more than one year. The value added taxes
         (“VAT”) relating to pre-sale of properties are included in other payables as at 31 December 2022 with an amount
         of approximately RMB5,237,899,000 (2021: RMB6,861,506,000). VAT payable is recognised when or as the control of
         the properties is transferred to customers and revenue is recognised.

   (b)   Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                       31 December          31 December              1 January
                                                                              2022                 2021                  2021
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000
            Short-term advances received from customers:
            Sale of properties                                            59,171,384            77,681,366           81,113,070
            Land development                                                       –                     –               23,586
            Hotel operations                                                  54,715                82,240               80,425
            Others                                                           921,440               450,176              276,680
            Total contract liabilities                                    60,147,539            78,213,782           81,493,761

         Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver completed properties and land development
         assets, render hotel operations, design and decoration services and management services. The decrease in contract
         liabilities in 2022 was mainly due to the recognition of revenue arising from contract liabilities in relation to short-
         term advances received from customers.

   (c)   The amounts due to non-controlling shareholders as at 31 December 2022 are unsecured and interest-free, except
         for the amounts of RMB363,429,000 in aggregate, which bear interest at rates ranging from 4.75% to 8.00% per
         annum (2021: RMB1,433,441,000 in aggregate, which bore interest at rates ranging from 4.35% to 12.00% per
         annum).
274   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      34. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                             Assets         Liabilities
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

               Interest rate swaps                                                            6,312              39,108
               Cross currency interest rate swaps                                                  –              2,587
               Carrying amount at 31 December                                                 6,312              41,695
               Current portion                                                               (6,312)             (13,623)
               Non-current portion                                                                 –             28,072


           Derivative financial instruments of the Group were conducted with creditworthy banks.


           Cash flow hedge – Interest rate risk and foreign currency risk
           At 31 December 2022, the Group had interest rate swap agreements in place with an aggregate notional
           amount of HK$960,000,000, whereby they pay interest at fixed rates ranging from of 4.19% to 4.45% and
           receive interest at variable rates equal to the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) plus 1.65%
           on the notional amount. The swaps are being used to hedge the interest rate exposure of floating rate
           unsecured bank loans with an aggregate face value of HK$960,000,000.


           There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms
           of the swaps and the floating rate interest payment (i.e., notional amount, maturity and payment date).
           The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the underlying risks of the
           swaps and the floating rate interest payment are identical to the hedged risk components. To measure the
           hedge effectiveness, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes in the
           fair value of the hedging instruments against the changes in fair value of the hedged items attributable to
           the hedged risks.


           Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:


           •       Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the forecasted payments and the hedging instruments


           •       Different interest rate curves applied to discount the hedged items and hedging instruments


           •       The counterparties’ credit risks differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
                   instruments and hedged items


           •       Changes to the forecasted amounts of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022         275

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2022




35. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                2022                                  2021
                                   Effective                             Effective
                                    interest                              interest
                                    rate (%)    Maturity      RMB’000    rate (%)     Maturity      RMB’000

   Current
   Bank loans, secured             4.35-7.40       2023       465,000           –             –            –
   Bank loans, unsecured           0.96-9.78       2023     10,897,549   1.00-4.73        2022      8,969,339
   Other loans, unsecured              4.75        2023      1,020,000   3.80-4.75        2022      1,162,000
   Notes, unsecured                        –           –             –        3.92        2022       800,000
   Current portion of long term
     bank loans, secured           3.10-8.50       2023      3,263,275   3.85-5.39        2022      2,027,883
   Current portion of long term
     bank loans, unsecured         1.42-5.40       2023      3,889,042   1.60-4.90        2022      6,910,121
   Current portion of long term
     other loans, unsecured        3.10-5.80       2023      1,987,700   4.37-4.75        2022        24,200
   Current portion of long
     term other loans, secured     2.65-6.05       2023        24,728    4.60-6.05        2022       724,272
   Current portion of long
     term notes, unsecured                 –           –             –   3.60-6.40        2022      4,463,371
   Domestic corporate bonds,
     unsecured                     3.10-3.28       2023      5,000,000          –             –             –
                                                            26,547,294                             25,081,186

   Non-current
   Bank loans, secured            3.10-10.65   2024-2041    20,664,532   4.23-5.39    2023-2033    10,573,543
   Bank loans, unsecured           1.42-8.50   2024-2033    23,313,297   1.42-5.50    2023-2032    15,000,522
   Other loans, unsecured          3.10-6.90   2024-2028    11,627,061   4.37-6.90    2023-2027    20,876,713
   Other loans, secured            2.65-6.05   2024-2039    12,412,480   2.65-6.05    2023-2037    12,701,172
   Notes, unsecured                3.20-6.40   2024-2029    13,800,426   3.20-4.00    2023-2024     8,994,953
   Domestic corporate bonds,
     unsecured                     3.10-3.74   2024-2027    14,300,000   3.10-3.74    2023-2024    13,800,000
                                                            96,117,796                             81,946,903
                                                           122,665,090                            107,028,089
276   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      35. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
                                                                                                                       2022                   2021
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000

             Analysed into:
             Bank loans repayable:
                 Within one year                                                                              18,514,866               17,907,343
                 In the second year                                                                           26,424,338                 2,429,820
                 In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                       16,126,774               22,621,737
                 Beyond five years                                                                              1,426,717                  522,508
                                                                                                              62,492,695               43,481,408

             Other borrowings repayable:
                 Within one year                                                                                8,032,428                7,173,843
                 In the second year                                                                           13,663,388               16,349,124
                 In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                       22,768,702               18,755,141
                 Beyond five years                                                                            15,707,877               21,268,573
                                                                                                              60,172,395               63,546,681
                                                                                                             122,665,090              107,028,089

           Notes:

           (a)     A s a t 31 D e c e m b e r 2022, t h e G r o u p h a d l o a n f a c i l i t i e s a m o u n t i n g t o R M B189,785,436,000 (2021:
                   RMB191,275,284,000), of which RMB89,564,664,000 (2021: RMB79,769,764,000) had been utilised.

           (b)     Certain of the Group’s bank and other loans are secured by:

                   (i)     mortgages over certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, which had an aggregate net carrying
                           value at the end of the reporting period of RMB5,168,032,000 (2021: RMB3,213,792,000);

                   (ii)    mortgages over certain of the Group’s properties under development, which had an aggregate carrying
                           amount at the end of the reporting period of approximately RMB70,679,210,000 (2021: RMB90,341,912,000);

                   (iii)   mortgages over certain of the Group’s properties held for sale, which had an aggregate carrying amount at
                           the end of the reporting period of RMB488,501,000 (2021: RMB132,501,000);

                   (iv)    mortgages over certain of the Group’s investment properties, which had an aggregate carrying value at the
                           end of the reporting period of approximately RMB13,319,860,000 (2021: RMB11,881,000,000);

                   (v)     mortgages over certain of the Group’s trade and bills receivables, which had an aggregate net carrying value
                           at the end of the reporting period of RMB688,679,000 (2021: RMB11,512,000);

                   (vi)    mortgages over certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets, which had an aggregate net carrying value at the
                           end of the reporting period of RMB666,323,000.00 (2021: RMB618,864,000).

                  （vii） a mortgage over the Group’s investment in an associate, which had an aggregate net carrying value at the
                        end of the reporting period of RMB165,605,000 (2021: Nil).

                  （viii） mortgages over certain of the Group’s restricted bank desposits, which had an aggregate net carrying value
                         at the end of the reporting period of RMB100,000,000 (2021: Nil).

           (c)     Except for the bank and other borrowings amounting to approximately RMB19,400,214,000 (2021:
                   RMB22,138,025,000) and RMB25,452,585,000 (2021: RMB18,590,342,000) which are denominated in United States
                   dollars and Hong Kong dollars, respectively, all bank and other borrowings are denominated in RMB.
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022           277

                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                           31 December 2022




36. PROVISION FOR LAND APPRECIATION TAX
   PRC land appreciation tax
   According to the requirements of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on LAT (中華人民共和國土地增
   值稅暫行條例) effective from 1 January 1994, and the Detailed Implementation Rules on the Provisional
   Regulations of the PRC on LAT (中華人民共和國土地增值稅暫行條例實施細則) effective from 27 January
   1995, all income arising from the sale or transfer of state-owned land use rights, buildings and their
   attached facilities in Mainland China is subject to LAT at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% of the
   appreciation value, with an exemption for the sale of ordinary residential properties (普通標準住宅) if their
   appreciation values do not exceed 20% of the sum of the total deductible items.

   Effective from 1995, the local tax bureau requires the prepayment of LAT on the pre-sales and sales
   proceeds of property development. According to the relevant tax notices issued by local tax authorities,
   the Group is required to pay LAT in advance at 1.0% to 5.0% on the pre-sales and sales proceeds of the
   Group’s properties.

   The Group has estimated, made and included in taxation a provision for LAT according to the requirements
   set out in the relevant PRC tax laws and regulations. The actual LAT liabilities are subject to the
   determination by the tax authorities upon completion of the property development projects. The tax
   authorities might disagree with the basis on which the provision for LAT is calculated.

37. DEFERRED TAX
   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

   Deferred tax liabilities
                                                               Depreciation     Fair value
                                                                 allowance     adjustment
                                                                  in excess arising from                     Accrued
                                                Revaluation      of related acquisition of    Withholding    interest
                                               of properties   depreciation   subsidiaries          taxes     income      Others       Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000

   At 1 January 2021                               4,038,259        725,898      1,143,392        142,197     62,296      728,692    6,840,734
   Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)                   –              –        354,980              –          –            –      354,980
   Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
     the statement of profit or loss
     during the year (note 11)                        78,566         61,993       (428,679)             –     (23,401)     88,657     (222,864)
   Deferred tax charged to asset revaluation
     reserve during the year                           2,795              –              –              –           –           –        2,795
   Gross deferred tax liabilities at
     31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022          4,119,620        787,891      1,069,693        142,197      38,895     817,349    6,975,645
   Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)                  –              –      2,408,033               –           –          –    2,408,033
   Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
     the statement of profit or loss
     during the year (note 11)                     425,938          91,876       (613,628)             –      26,804     132,809      63,799

   Gross deferred tax liabilities at
     31 December 2022                             4,545,558        879,767      2,864,098        142,197      65,699     950,158    9,447,477
278   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      37. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
           Deferred tax assets
                                                                             Losses
                                                                       available for
                                                                         offsetting       Unrealised
                                                                            against     profit arising
                                                                             future              from
                                                          Provision         taxable      intra-group
                                                           for LAT           profits     transactions           Others           Total
                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000

             At 1 January 2021                             440,422          682,961         1,193,930          748,360       3,065,673
             Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)                –          58,428                  –                –         58,428
             Deferred tax credited/(charged)
               to the statement of
               profit or loss during the year (note 11)     (26,597)        431,660             (5,761)        (237,127)       162,175
             Disposal of subsidiaries (note 44)                   –          (24,910)                –                –        (24,910)
             Gross deferred tax assets at
               31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022        413,825        1,148,139         1,188,169           511,233      3,261,366
             Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 43)                –        308,350                   –          65,737        374,087
             Deferred tax credited/(charged)
               to the statement of
               profit or loss during the year (note 11)   (199,357)         50,049          (128,221)          357,115         79,586
             Disposal of subsidiaries (note 44)                   –         (13,491)                 –                –       (13,491)
             Gross deferred tax assets at
               31 December 2022                           214,468        1,493,047         1,059,948           934,085      3,701,548


           For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the consolidated
           statement of financial position.


           The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

             Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of
               financial position                                                                        3,734,707         3,248,538
             Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement
               of financial position                                                                 (9,480,636)           (6,962,817)
                                                                                                     (5,745,929)           (3,714,279)
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022           279

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




37. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)
   Deferred tax assets (Continued)
   The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB7,876,988,000 (2021: RMB6,233,364,000)
   that will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have not
   been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making
   for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax
   losses can be utilised.


   Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to
   foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is
   effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate
   may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors.
   For the Group, the applicable rate is 5%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends
   distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1
   January 2008.


   At 31 December 2022, the Group recognised deferred tax liabilities of approximately RMB142,197,000 (2021
   RMB142,197,000) for withholding taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of the Group’s
   subsidiaries established in Mainland China. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that the
   remaining unremitted earnings of the Group’s subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and joint operations
   will be distributed in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated
   with investments in subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and joint operations in Mainland China for
   which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately RMB28,640,222,000 at 31
   December 2022 (2021: RMB39,195,296,000).


   There is no income tax consequence attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
   shareholders.
280   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      38. PERPETUAL CAPITAL INSTRUMENTS
           (a)   2017 Subordinate Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
                 On 17 January 2017, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital
                 securities with an amount of US$497,615,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB3,433,145,000), at
                 99.523% of the principal amount of US$500,000,000. The direct transaction costs attributable to the
                 issuance amounted to US$3,862,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB26,645,000).


                 The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 5.75% per
                 annum from and including 17 January 2017, payable semi-annually on January 17 and July 17 of each
                 year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the
                 securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


                 On 6 November 2017, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the subordinate guaranteed perpetual
                 capital securities with an aggregate principal amount of US$300,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 RMB1,987,410,000). The direct transaction costs attributable to the issuance amounted to US$196,000
                 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,296,000).


                 The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 4.875% per
                 annum from and including 6 May 2018, payable semi-annually on May 6 and November 6 of each
                 year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the
                 securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


                 During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group redeemed all of these 2017 Subordinate
                 Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities with a principal amount of US$500,000,000.


           (b)   2017 Senior Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
                 On 3 July 2017, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the senior guaranteed perpetual capital securities in
                 an aggregate principal amount of US$300,000,000 (equivalent to RMB2,033,160,000). On 1 September
                 2017, Franshion Brilliant Limited completed another issue of the senior guaranteed perpetual capital
                 securities with an amount of US$200,182,000 (equivalent to RMB1,319,380,000), at 100.091% of the
                 principal amount of US$200,000,000 and an accrued distribution of US$1,289,000 (equivalent to
                 RMB8,495,000) compensated from the bankers.


                 The securities confer a right to receive distribution at 4.00% per annum payable semi-annually in
                 arrears beginning on 3 January 2018 with no stated maturity date. The transaction costs related to the
                 issuance were approximately US$1,735,000 (equivalent to RMB11,566,000).
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022         281

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2022




38. PERPETUAL CAPITAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c)   2019 Subordinate Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
         On 6 December 2019, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the subordinate guaranteed perpetual
         capital securities with an aggregate principal amount of US$400,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
         RMB2,815,320,000). The direct transaction costs attributable to the issuance amounted to US$759,000
         (equivalent to approximately RMB5,340,000).


         The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 7.125% per
         annum from and including 6 June 2020, payable semi-annually on 6 June and 6 December of each
         year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the
         securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


   (d)   2020 Sinochem Corporation Perpetual Debts
         On 14 December 2020, Jinmao Investment Management (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. entered into a perpetual
         debt agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of RMB5,000,000,000 with its intermediate holding
         company, Sinochem Corporation. The debts confer a right to receive distribution at 4.95% per annum
         payable annually in arrears beginning on 14 December 2021. Jinmao Investment Management (Tianjin)
         Co., Ltd., may at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the debts.


   (e)   2021 Subordinate Guaranteed Perpetual Capital Securities
         On 8 February 2021, Franshion Brilliant Limited issued the subordinate guaranteed perpetual capital
         securities with an aggregate principal amount of US$500,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
         RMB3,233,900,000). The direct transaction costs attributable to the issuance amounted to
         US$1,695,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB10,964,000).


         The securities confer a right to receive distributions at the applicable distribution rate of 6.00% per
         annum from and including 8 August 2021, payable semi-annually on 8 February and 8 August of each
         year. The issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant to the terms of the
         securities. The securities may be redeemed at the option of the issuer, in whole but not in part.


   (f)   2021 Yangguang Guaranteed Perpetual Debts
         On 29 June 2021, Suzhou Yongmao Properties Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
         entered into a perpetual debt agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 with
         Yangguang Asset Management Co., Ltd. The debts are guaranteed by Shanghai Jinmao Investment
         Management Group Co., Ltd. The debts confer a right to receive distribution at 5.40% per annum
         from and including 20 September 2021, payable quarterly on 20 March, 20 June, 20 September and
         20 December of each year. The Group may at its sole discretion, elect to defer a distribution pursuant
         to the terms of the debts.


   In the opinion of the directors, the Group is able to control the delivery of cash or other financial assets
   to the holders of the perpetual capital instruments in (a) to (f) above due to redemption other than an
   unforeseen liquidation of the Company or the issuers. Accordingly, these instruments are classified as
   equity instruments.
282   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      39. SHARE CAPITAL
           A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                         shares issued                   Share
                                                                                        and fully paid                  capital
                                                                                                                     RMB’000

             At 1 January 2021                                                        12,736,243,290                26,132,248
             Share options exercised (note a)                                                3,700,800                    8,217
             Shares repurchased (note b)                                                  (51,602,000)                         –
             At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                   12,688,342,090                26,140,465
             Share options exercised (note c)                                                1,484,000                    3,224
             Scrip dividend scheme (note 12)                                              625,166,822                   594,337
             31 December 2022                                                         13,314,992,912                26,738,026

           Notes:

           (a)   3,700,800 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$2.196 per share (note 40), resulting in
                 the issue of 3,700,800 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB6,768,000. An amount of
                 RMB1,449,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share capital upon the exercise of the share
                 options.

           (b)   The Company purchased 51,602,000 ordinary shares of the company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2021 at
                 a total consideration of RMB134,804,000 which was paid wholly out of retained profits. The purchased shares were
                 cancelled during the year.

           (c)   1,484,000 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$2.196 per share (note 40), resulting in
                 the issue of 1,484,000 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB2,656,000. An amount of
                 RMB568,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share capital upon the exercise of the share options.


           Share options
           Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme are included
           in note 40 to the financial statements.
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022         283

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2022




40. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
   2007 Scheme
   The Company operated a share option scheme (the “2007 Scheme”) for the purpose of providing incentives
   and rewards to eligible participants who contributed to the success of the Group’s operations. Eligible
   participants of the 2007 Scheme included the Company’s executive and non-executive directors and the
   Group’s senior management, key technical and professional personnel, managers and employees, but did
   not include the Company’s independent non-executive directors. The 2007 Scheme became effective on
   22 November 2007 and expired on 22 November 2017, after 10 years from the effective date. However,
   the options granted under the 2007 Scheme continued to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the
   terms of issue.


   The maximum number of unexercised share options currently permitted to be granted under the 2007
   Scheme was an amount equivalent, upon their exercise, to 10% of the shares of the Company in issue at
   any time. The maximum number of shares issuable under share options to each eligible participant in the
   2007 Scheme within any 12-month period was limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any
   time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit was subject to shareholders’ approval in a
   general meeting.


   Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to
   any of their associates, were subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors.
   In addition, any share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
   Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time
   or with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant) in excess of
   HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, were subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general
   meeting.


   The offer of a grant of share options might be accepted within 28 days from the date of offer, upon
   payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise and exercisability of the
   share options was related to the performance of individuals and of the Company. The board of directors
   would determine performance targets concerned and set out in the grant notice. The share options granted
   would become exercisable after two years from the grant date or a later date as set out in the relevant
   grant notice, and in any event shall end not later than seven years from the grant date but subject to the
   provisions for early termination of employment.


   The exercise price of share options was determinable by the directors, but might not be less than the
   highest of (i) the Hong Kong Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the grant date of
   the share options; (ii) the average Hong Kong Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for
   the five trading days immediately preceding the grant date; and (iii) the par value of the Company’s share.


   Share options did not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.
284   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      40. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
           2007 Scheme (Continued)
           The following share options were outstanding under the 2007 Scheme during the year:


                                                                     2022                                   2021
                                                           Weighted                               Weighted
                                                             average          Number of             average         Number of
                                                       exercise price            options     exercise price             options
                                                      HK$ per share                          HK$ per share

               At 1 January                                     2.196        69,468,400                 2.196        73,169,200
               Forfeited during the year                        2.196         (1,302,000)               2.196                   –
               Exercised during the year                        2.196         (1,484,000)               2.196         (3,700,800)
               At 31 December                                   2.196        66,682,400                 2.196        69,468,400


           The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year was
           HK$2.196 per share (2021: HK$2.196 per share).


           The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding under the 2007 Scheme as at the
           end of the reporting period are as follows:


           2022


                Number of options               Exercise price*        Exercise period
                                                 HK$ per share

                              5,104,800                    2.196       17 October 2018 to 16 October 2023
                          23,566,800                       2.196       17 October 2019 to 16 October 2023
                          38,010,800                       2.196        17 October 2020 to 16 October 2023
                          66,682,400


           2021


                Number of options               Exercise price*        Exercise period
                                                 HK$ per share

                              5,188,800                    2.196       17 October 2018 to 16 October 2023
                          24,342,800                       2.196       17 October 2019 to 16 October 2023
                          39,936,800                       2.196       17 October 2020 to 16 October 2023
                          69,468,400

           *       The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or other
                   similar changes in the Company’s share capital.
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022          285

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2022




40. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
   2007 Scheme (Continued)
   The fair value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2016 was HK$80,332,000
   (HK$0.47 each), which was fully recognised in prior years.


   The 1,484,000 share options exercised during the year resulted in the issue of 1,484,000 ordinary shares of
   the Company and new share capital of HK$3,956,000 (equivalent to RMB3,224,000) (before issue expenses),
   as further detailed in note 39 to the financial statements.


   New Scheme
   On 29 January 2019, a new share option scheme (the “New Scheme”) was adopted by the Company to
   enhance the Company’s continuous commitment to eligible participants and enhance them to pursue the
   objectives of the Company. On 8 February 2019, an aggregate of 265,950,000 share options were granted
   under the New Scheme to eligible participants of the Group. These share options have an exercise price of
   HK$3.99 per share. One-third of the share options granted will be vested in two years from 8 February 2019,
   one-third of the share options granted will be vested in three years from 8 February 2019 and one-third of
   the options granted will be vested in four years from 8 February 2019. Once the share options are vested,
   they are exercisable until 7 February 2026.


   On 9 September 2019, an aggregate of 9,000,000 share options were granted under the New Scheme to
   eligible participants of the Group. These share options have an exercise price of HK$4.58 per share. One-
   third of the share options granted will be vested in two years from 9 September 2019, one-third of the
   share options granted will be vested in three years from 9 September and one-third of the options granted
   will be vested in four years from 9 September. Once the share options are vested, they are exercisable until
   8 September 2026.


   According to the terms of the New Scheme, the board of directors shall at its absolute discretion grant to
   any participant a certain number of options at any time within 10 years after the adoption date of the New
   Scheme. Participants, i.e. recipients of the options granted, include any existing executive or non-executive
   directors of any member of the Group and any senior management, key technical and professional
   personnel, managers and employees of any member of the Group, but do not include any independent
   non-executive directors of the Company.


   The number of shares to be issued at any time upon exercise of all options granted under the New Scheme
   and other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the then issued
   share capital of the Company.
286   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      40. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
           New Scheme (Continued)
           Unless an approval of shareholders is obtained at a general meeting, if the total number of shares issued
           and shares which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the share options (including exercised, cancelled
           and outstanding options) granted under the New Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
           Company to a participant in any 12-month period in aggregate exceeds 1% of the issued share capital of
           the Company at any time, no further options shall be granted to such participant. Upon acceptance of the
           grant, the grantee undertakes that he/she will, at the request of the Company, pay a consideration of HK$1
           or the equivalent (to be determined on the date when the offer of the grant is accepted) to the Company
           for acceptance of the offer of the grant of the share option.


           Share options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings. The
           following share options were outstanding under the New Scheme during the year:


                                                                  2022                              2021
                                                         Weighted                           Weighted
                                                          average         Number of          average       Number of
                                                  exercise price             options    exercise price        options
                                                 HK$ per share                          HK$ per share

            At 1 January                                        4.01     241,000,000              4.01     262,350,000
            Forfeited during the year                           3.99     (89,094,000)             3.99     (21,350,000)
            At 31 December                                      4.01     151,906,000              4.01     241,000,000


           The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding under the New Scheme as at the
           end of the reporting period are as follows:


           2022


              Number of options             Exercise price*        Exercise period
                                            HK$ per share

                         72,844,000                      3.99      8 February 2021 to 7 February 2026
                         73,062,000                      3.99      8 February 2023 to 7 February 2026
                           3,000,000                     4.58      9 September 2021 to 8 September 2026
                           3,000,000                     4.58      9 September 2023 to 8 September 2026
                       151,906,000
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022            287

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2022




40. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
   New Scheme (Continued)
   2021


       Number of options               Exercise price*        Exercise period
                                        HK$ per share

                 76,394,000                        3.99       8 February 2021 to 7 February 2026
                 77,794,000                        3.99       8 February 2022 to 7 February 2026
                 77,812,000                        3.99       8 February 2023 to 7 February 2026
                   3,000,000                       4.58       9 September 2021 to 8 September 2026
                   3,000,000                       4.58       9 September 2022 to 8 September 2026
                   3,000,000                       4.58       9 September 2023 to 8 September 2026
                241,000,000

   *      The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or other
          similar changes in the Company’s share capital.


   The fair value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2019 was HK$257,594,000
   of which the Group reversed an equity-settled share option expense of HK$56,205,000 (equivalent to
   RMB48,308,000) during year ended 31 December 2022 as a result of the service or non-market performance
   conditions related to these shares options not being fulfilled (2021: recognised an equity-settled share
   option expense of RMB46,127,000).


   No other feature of the options granted was incorporated into the measurement of fair value.


   At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 66,682,400 share options outstanding under the 2007
   Scheme and 151,906,000 share options outstanding under the New Scheme. The exercise in full of the
   outstanding share options would, under the present capital structure of the Company, result in the issue
   of 218,588,400 additional ordinary shares of the Company and additional share capital of HK$756,079,000
   (equivalent to RMB649,832,000) (before issue expenses).
288   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      41. RESERVES
           The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
           presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.


           Capital reserve
           The capital reserve represents additional contribution made by the shareholders of the Company’s
           subsidiaries and, in the case of an acquisition of an additional equity interest in a non-wholly-owned
           subsidiary, the difference between the cost of acquisition and the non-controlling interests acquired.


           PRC statutory surplus reserve
           Transfers from retained profits to the statutory surplus reserve were made in accordance with the relevant
           PRC rules and regulations and the articles of association of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland
           China and were approved by the board of directors of the respective subsidiaries.


           The statutory surplus reserve can be used to cover previous years’ losses, if any, and may be converted
           into capital in proportion to equity holders’ existing equity holding, provided that the balance after such
           conversion is not less than 25% of their registered capital.


           Asset revaluation reserve
           The asset revaluation reserve arose from the change in use from owner-occupied properties to investment
           properties carried at fair value.


           Share option reserve
           The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as
           further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements.
           The amount will either be transferred to the share capital account when the related options are exercised,
           or be transferred to retained profits should the related options expire or be forfeited.


           Hedging reserve
           The hedging reserve represents reserves related to net investment hedges and cash flow hedges.
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022           289

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




42. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING
    INTERESTS
  Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:


                                                                                  Changshu               Suzhou
                                                                                     Yumao               Anmao
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

   2022


   Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests                  90.00%               73.50%
   Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests                         7,250              12,443
   Dividends declared to non-controlling interests                                         –             58,800
   Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the
     reporting date                                                              3,573,709           3,638,509


                                                                                    Nanjing              Suzhou
                                                                                   Runmao                Anmao
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

   2021


   Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests                   72.50%               73.50%
   (Loss)/profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests                (275,801)            259,809
   Dividends declared to non-controlling interests                                         –             110,250
   Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the
     reporting date                                                                1,818,231            3,684,866
290   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      42. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING
          INTERESTS (Continued)
           The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts
           disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations:


                                                                                        Changshu             Suzhou
                                                                                           Yumao             Anmao
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

            2022


            Revenue                                                                       970,162           629,777
            Total expenses                                                               (962,106)         (612,848)
            Profit for the year                                                              8,056           16,929
            Total comprehensive income for the year                                          8,056           16,929

            Current assets                                                              7,474,024         5,759,140
            Non-current assets                                                             10,661                 50
            Current liabilities                                                        (2,122,079)         (806,373)
            Non-current liabilities                                                    (1,391,818)           (2,465)

            Net cash flows from operating activities                                      380,984           320,905
            Net cash flows used in investing activities                                (1,220,000)                 –
            Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                          1,018,280           (80,000)
            Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     179,264           240,905


                                                                                          Nanjing            Suzhou
                                                                                          Runmao             Anmao
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

            2021


            Revenue                                                                      4,977,972         3,443,538
            Total expenses                                                               (5,358,387)      (3,090,056)
            (Loss)/profit for the year                                                    (380,415)          353,482
            Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                (380,415)          353,482

            Current assets                                                               4,555,745         6,091,812
            Non-current assets                                                           1,342,346               144
            Current liabilities                                                          (2,962,130)      (1,076,219)
            Non-current liabilities                                                       (428,056)           (2,314)

            Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities                            (354,503)        1,351,368
            Net cash flows used in investing activities                                         (88)        (950,000)
            Net cash flows used in financing activities                                     (93,610)        (754,913)
            Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                     (448,201)         (353,545)
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022           291

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2022




43. BUSINESS COMBINATION
   Acquisition of China VAST
   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group acquired 60.2% equity interest in China VAST
   from independent third parties at a cash consideration of RMB1,995,031,000. China VAST is engaged
   in the business of (i) planning, development and operation of large-scale industrial towns, (ii) property
   development, and (iii) property leasing, in the PRC. The acquisition was made in line with the strategic
   development of the Group’s real estate business. Before the acquisition, the Group held 29.9% equity
   interest in China VAST and accounted for China VAST as an associate of the Group.


   The Group remeasured the fair value of the equity interest previously held as an associate at the date
   of acquisition, and fair value gains of RMB264,677,000 were recognised in other income and gains in the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2022 (note 5).


   The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interest in China VAST at the non-controlling
   interest’s proportionate share of the China VAST’s identifiable net assets.


   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of China VAST (which is provisional) as at the date of
   acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                        Notes            RMB’000

    Property, plant and equipment                                                         14              919,107
    Right-of-use assets                                                                  19(a)            174,264
    Intangible assets                                                                     21                 2,168
    Properties under development                                                                         1,075,229
    Properties held for sale                                                                              726,175
    Land under development                                                                              11,989,323
    Investment properties                                                                 18             1,067,600
    Deferred tax assets                                                                   37              237,946
    Investments in joint ventures                                                                         107,299
    Investments in associates                                                                             232,223
    Trade and bill receivables                                                                           2,639,782
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                       503,345
    Prepaid tax                                                                                            67,316
    Other financial assets                                                                                103,199
    Restricted bank balance                                                                               179,474
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             232,501
    Trade and bills payables                                                                              (692,896)
    Other payables and accruals                                                                         (1,633,706)
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                          (5,462,900)
    Derivative financial instruments                                                                       (32,552)
    Tax payable                                                                                           (467,347)
    Lease liabilities                                                                  19(b), 45            (7,140)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                              37            (2,018,404)
    Provision for land appreciation tax                                                                   (188,930)
    Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                          9,753,076
292   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      43. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
           Acquisition of China VAST (Continued)
                                                                                                   Note           RMB’000

               Non-controlling interests                                                                           (963,591)
               Gain on bargain purchase recognised in other income and gains
                 in the consolidated income statement                                                5            (3,877,632)
                                                                                                                  4,911,853
               Satisfied by:
               Cash*                                                                                              1,995,031
               Fair value of equity interest previously held as an investment in an associate                     2,916,822
               Total purchase consideration                                                                       4,911,853

           *       Cash consideration of RMB921,182,000 was paid during the year. As at 31 December 2022, the consideration of
                   RMB1,073,849,000 remained outstanding.

           The fair values of its trade and bills receivables and other receivables as at the date of acquisition
           amounted to RMB2,639,782,000 and RMB503,345,000, which are equal to its gross contractual amounts.
           There was no estimated uncollectable amount of the contractual cash flows at the date of acquisition.

           The Group incurred transaction costs of RMB1,355,000 for this acquisition. These transaction costs have
           been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

           The Group measured the acquired lease liabilities using the present value of the remaining lease payments
           at the date of acquisition. The right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities
           and adjusted to reflect the favourable terms of the leases relative to market terms.

           The Group recognised a gain on bargain purchase of approximately RMB3,877,632,000 in the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was, in the opinion of the
           directors, primarily attributable to the Group’s ability in negotiating the agreed terms of the transaction
           with the independent third party, as the Group has good reputation and rich experience in the property
           development and management of residential properties, commercial buildings and hotel properties, and
           has sufficient available funds for the ongoing development of the project.

           An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of the subsidiary is as follows:


                                                                                                                  RMB’000

               Cash consideration                                                                                  (921,182)
               Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                      232,501
               Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing activities           (688,681)
               Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows used in operating activities               (1,355)
                                                                                                                   (690,036)


           Since the acquisition, China VAST contributed RMB0 to the Group’s revenue and RMB428,000 to the
           consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 in aggregate.


           Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2022, the revenue from
           continuing operations of the Group and the profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022
           would have been RMB83,960,929,000 and RMB3,399,567,000 respectively.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022           293

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




43. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
   Other than China VAST, the Group’s business combination during the year ended 31 December 2022 mainly
   included the acquisitions of a number of property development companies, property services companies,
   and acquisition of additional interests in joint ventures and associates (collectively referred to as the “2022
   Acquirees”). The directors of the Company consider that none of the 2022 Acquirees acquired during the
   year was significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of the 2022 Acquirees on the
   acquisition date was not disclosed.

   The Group remeasured the fair value of the equity interest previously held as joint ventures or associates at
   the date of acquisition, and fair value gains of RMB569,252,000 were recognised in other income and gains
   in the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2022 (note 5).

   The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interest in the 2022 Acquirees at the non-controlling
   interest’s proportionate share of the 2022 Acquirees’ identifiable net assets.

   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the 2022 Acquirees as at the date of acquisition
   were as follows:


                                                                                       Notes           RMB’000

    Property, plant and equipment                                                        14                5,256
    Right-of-use assets                                                                19(a)               1,777
    Intangible assets                                                                    21             260,092
    Properties under development                                                                      24,004,819
    Properties held for sale                                                                            231,139
    Deferred tax assets                                                                  37             136,141
    Investments in joint ventures                                                                       146,371
    Trade and bill receivables                                                                           54,821
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                    5,568,009
    Prepaid tax                                                                                         819,453
    Restricted bank balances                                                                           1,108,549
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          1,342,962
    Trade and bills payables                                                                          (2,058,706)
    Other payables and accruals                                                                      (16,800,159)
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                        (2,440,204)
    Tax payable                                                                                          (87,325)
    Lease liabilities                                                                19(b), 45            (1,484)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                             37             (389,629)
    Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                       11,901,882
294   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      43. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
                                                                                                Notes          RMB’000

               Non-controlling interests                                                                       (2,145,134)
               Gain on bargain purchase recognised in other income and gains
                 in the consolidated income statement                                             5               (48,736)
               Goodwill on acquisition                                                            20             249,122
                                                                                                                9,957,134
               Satisfied by:
               Cash*                                                                                            7,273,349
               Fair value of equity interest previously held as investments in
                 joint ventures and associates                                                                  2,683,785
               Total purchase consideration                                                                     9,957,134

           *       Cash consideration of RMB4,669,000 had been pre-paid by the Group as at 31 December 2021 and the
                   consideration of RMB6,592,622,000 was paid during the year. As at 31 December 2022, the consideration of
                   RMB676,058,000 remained outstanding.


           The fair values of its trade and bills receivables and other receivables as at the date of acquisition
           amounted to RMB54,821,000 and RMB5,568,009,000, which are equal to its gross contractual amounts.
           There was no estimated uncollectable amount of the contractual cash flows at the date of acquisition.


           The Group incurred transaction costs of RMB1,049,000 for these acquisitions. These transaction costs have
           been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


           The Group measured the acquired lease liabilities using the present value of the remaining lease payments
           at the date of acquisition. The right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities
           and adjusted to reflect the favourable terms of the leases relative to market terms.


           The Group recognised a gain on bargain purchase of approximately RMB48,736,000 in the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was, in the opinion of the
           directors, primarily attributable to the Group’s ability in negotiating the agreed terms of the transaction
           with the independent third parties, as the Group has good reputation and rich experience in the property
           development and management of residential properties, commercial buildings and hotel properties, and
           has sufficient available funds for the ongoing development of the project.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022          295

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2022




43. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
   An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of the subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                          RMB’000

    Cash consideration                                                                                  (6,592,622)
    Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                      1,342,962
    Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
      investing activities                                                                              (5,249,660)
    Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows used in
      operating activities                                                                                  (1,049)
                                                                                                        (5,250,709)


   Since the acquisition, the 2022 Acquirees contributed RMB3,927,300,000 to the Group’s revenue and
   RMB534,683,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 in aggregate.


   Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2022, the revenue from
   continuing operations of the Group and the profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022
   would have been RMB84,582,048,000 and RMB6,248,717,000 respectively.
296   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      43. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
           Business combination during the year ended 31 December 2021 mainly included the acquisitions of a
           number of property development companies and the acquisition of additional interests in joint ventures
           and associates (collectively referred to as the “2021 Acquirees”). The directors of the Company consider
           that none of these subsidiaries acquired during the year was significant to the Group and thus the
           individual financial information of these subsidiaries on the acquisition date was not disclosed.

           The Group remeasured the fair value of the equity interest previously held as joint ventures or associates at
           the date of acquisition, and fair value gains of RMB266,183,000 were recognised in other income and gains
           in the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2021 (note 5).

           The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interest in the 2021 Acquirees at the non-controlling
           interest’s proportionate share of the 2021 Acquirees’ identifiable net assets.

           The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the 2021 Acquirees as at the date of acquisition
           were as follows:


                                                                                              Notes           RMB’000

               Property, plant and equipment                                                    14              151,944
               Right-of-use assets                                                             19(a)             18,313
               Intangible assets                                                                21                   76
               Properties under development                                                                  10,342,813
               Properties held for sale                                                                       1,883,798
               Deferred tax assets                                                              37               58,428
               Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                1,975,883
               Prepaid tax                                                                                      607,037
               Restricted bank balances                                                                         724,050
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      2,491,362
               Trade and bills payables                                                                        (380,692)
               Other payables and accruals                                                                  (14,181,831)
               Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                       45           (1,191,629)
               Tax payable                                                                                         (582)
               Lease liabilities                                                             19(b), 45           (1,044)
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                         37             (354,980)
               Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                    2,142,946


               Non-controlling interests                                                                       (504,183)
               Gain on bargain purchase recognised in other income and gains
               in the consolidated income statement                                              5              (93,763)
                                                                                                              1,545,000
               Satisfied by:
               Cash*                                                                                            958,704
               Fair value of equity interest previously held as investments in
                 joint ventures and associates                                                                  586,296
               Total purchase consideration                                                                   1,545,000

           *       Cash consideration of RMB160,833,000 had been pre-paid by the Group as at 31 December 2020 and the
                   consideration of RMB768,681,000 was paid during the year. As at 31 December 2021, the consideration of
                   RMB29,190,000 remained outstanding.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022          297

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2022




43. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
   The fair values of its other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to RMB1,975,883,000, which
   are equal to its gross contractual amounts. There was no estimated uncollectable amount of the contractual
   cash flows at the date of acquisition.


   The Group incurred transaction costs of RMB550,000 for these acquisitions. These transaction costs have
   been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


   The Group measured the acquired lease liabilities using the present value of the remaining lease payments
   at the date of acquisition. The right-of-use assets were measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities
   and adjusted to reflect the favourable terms of the leases relative to market terms.


   The Group recognised a gain on bargain purchase of approximately RMB93,763,000 in the consolidated
   statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2021, which was, in the opinion of the
   directors, primarily attributable to the Group’s ability in negotiating the agreed terms of the transaction
   with the independent third parties, as the Group has good reputation and rich experience in the property
   development and management of residential properties, commercial buildings and hotel properties, and
   has sufficient available funds for the ongoing development of the project.


   An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of the subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                          RMB’000

    Cash consideration                                                                                    (768,681)
    Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                      2,491,362
    Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows
      from investing activities                                                                          1,722,681
    Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows used in
      operating activities                                                                                    (550)
                                                                                                         1,722,131


   Since the acquisition, the 2021 Acquirees contributed RMB3,710,000,000 to the Group’s revenue and
   incurred a loss of RMB209,000,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 in
   aggregate.


   Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year ended 31 December 2021, the revenue from
   continuing operations of the Group and the profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021
   would have been RMB90,059,934,000 and RMB7,700,938,000 respectively.
298   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      44. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
           During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group lost control over certain
           subsidiaries.


                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                            Notes         RMB’000           RMB’000

            Net assets disposed of:
              Property, plant and equipment                                  14              1,306              1,821
              Investment properties                                          18          1,468,000                  –
              Deferred tax assets                                            37             13,491             24,910
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                    425,193            885,123
              Properties under development                                             12,241,106          10,586,908
              Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                            1,719,182          1,498,058
              Prepaid tax                                                                  134,870            363,987
              Trade and bills payables                                                    (695,655)          (552,713)
              Other payables and accruals                                              (11,092,872)        (9,244,323)
              Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                (1,770,000)        (1,296,400)
                                                                                         2,444,621          2,267,371
            Non-controlling interests                                                   (1,820,471)                 –
                                                                                           624,150          2,267,371
            Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                  5            584,294          1,068,824
                                                                                         1,208,444          3,336,195
            Satisfied by:
              Cash                                                                         160,000          2,722,592
              Fair value of interests retained by the Group                              1,048,444            613,603
                                                                                         1,208,444          3,336,195


           An analysis of the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries is as
           follows:


                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

             Cash consideration                                                            160,000          2,687,515
             Cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                        (425,193)          (885,123)
             Net (outflow)/inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect
               of the disposal of subsidiaries                                            (265,193)         1,802,392
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022        299

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2022




45. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a)   Major non-cash transactions
         During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
         RMB111,420,000, including those classified under investment properties of RMB66,472,000 (2021:
         RMB90,565,000) and RMB111,420,000 (2021: RMB90,565,000), respectively.


   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities:
         2022
                                                                                  Payable to
                                                                             non-controlling
                                                                Bank and       shareholders         Lease
                                                               other loans        and others    liabilities
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000

          At 1 January 2022                                   107,028,089         12,107,014    1,065,976
          Changes from financing cash flows                     5,457,022           (452,686)    (108,096)
          Foreign exchange movement                             3,831,276                  –             –
          New leases                                                     –                 –     111,420
          Interest expense                                        215,599                  –      49,644
          Dividends to non-controlling shareholders                      –          896,436              –
          Increase arising from acquisition of subsidiaries
            (note 43)                                           7,903,104                  –        8,624
          Decrease arising from disposal of subsidiaries
            (note 44)                                          (1,770,000)                 –             –
          Revision of a lease term arsing from a change
            in the non-cancellable period of a lease                     –                 –       (1,466)
          At 31 December 2022                                 122,665,090         12,550,764    1,126,102
300   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      45. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
           (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities: (Continued)
                 2021
                                                                               Payable to     Amount due
                                                                           non-controlling    to immediate
                                                             Bank and        shareholders          holding         Lease
                                                           other loans         and others         company      liabilities
                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

                  At 1 January 2021                         97,578,278          15,280,239                –    1,099,575
                  Changes from financing cash flows         10,463,493          (4,391,469)        (960,958)    (174,893)
                  Foreign exchange movement                   (946,142)                  –                –             –
                  New leases                                          –                  –                –       90,565
                  Interest expense                              37,231                   –                –       49,685
                  2020 final dividend                                 –                  –         514,241              –
                  2021 interim dividend                               –                  –         446,717              –
                  Dividends to non-controlling
                    shareholders                                      –          1,218,244                –             –
                  Increase arising from acquisition of
                    subsidiaries (note 43)                   1,191,629                   –                –        1,044
                  Decrease arising from disposal of
                    subsidiaries (note 44)                   (1,296,400)                 –                –             –
                  At 31 December 2021                      107,028,089          12,107,014                –    1,065,976


           (c)   Total cash outflow for leases:
                 The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                                   2022            2021
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

                  Within operating activities                                                    10,871          12,631
                  Within financing activities                                                   108,096         174,893
                                                                                                118,967         187,524
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022          301

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2022




46. FINANCIAL GUARANTEES
   At the end of the reporting period, the Group has provided guarantees amounting to approximately
   RMB19,656,769,000 (2021: RMB38,661,226,000) in respect of mortgage facilities for certain purchasers of the
   Group’s properties.


   Besides, as at 31 December 2022, the Group provided guarantees of RMB2,352,283,000 (2021: Nil) and
   RMB836,645,000 (2021: RMB125,818,000) to certain joint ventures and associates of the Group related to
   their borrowings, respectively.


   The Group assessed that the fair value at initial recognition of the financial guarantees and the ECL
   allowance during the year were not significant.


47. COMMITMENTS
   (a)   The Group had the following commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

          Contracted, but not provided for:
            Properties under development                                       64,027,930         78,578,100
            Land under development                                              5,931,464          6,531,622
            Property, plant and equipment                                          34,085             28,407
            Capital contributions to joint ventures and associates             11,118,208          8,943,937
                                                                               81,111,687         94,082,066


   (b)   The Group has various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2022. The
         future lease payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts are RMB42,135,000 due within one
         year.
302   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      48. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the
                 following material transactions with related parties during the year:

                                                                                            2022            2021
                                                                            Notes        RMB’000         RMB’000
                  Fellow subsidiaries:
                    Rental income*                                             (i)       235,764           211,295
                    Property management fee income*                            (i)        39,416            37,126
                    Interest expense*                                         (ii)        89,116           144,696
                    Interest income*                                          (iii)      136,512            37,684
                    Building decoration service income                         (i)           385               220
                    Consulting fee income                                      (i)         2,567                 –

                  The immediate holding company:
                    Rental expense                                            (i)          4,599             4,398
                    Interest expense                                          (ii)       291,436           149,780

                  An intermediate holding company:
                    Rental income*                                            (i)        107,661           107,711
                    Property management fee income*                           (i)          9,259             9,021
                    Interest expense                                          (ii)       469,177           492,583
                    Building decoration service income                        (i)          3,554             6,294

                  The ultimate holding company:
                    Rental income*                                             (i)         7,910             7,910
                    Property management fee income*                            (i)           701               727
                    Other service income                                       (i)            62                 –

                  Joint ventures:
                    Interest income                                           (iii)      714,102         1,673,349
                    Interest expense                                          (ii)       206,900           356,394
                    Rental income                                              (i)         7,976             2,355
                    Property management fee income                             (i)       126,183           111,564
                    Building decoration service income                         (i)       691,379           652,861
                    Consulting fee income                                      (i)        35,857            54,849
                    Other service income                                       (i)        24,970               565

                  Associates:
                    Interest income                                           (iii)      128,608             7,222
                    Interest expense                                          (ii)        93,664           202,494
                    Property management fee income                             (i)        79,787            79,538
                    Building decoration service income                         (i)       347,273           329,181
                    Consulting fee income                                      (i)        75,329            41,165
                    Rental income                                              (i)         3,106             3,007
                    Other service income                                       (i)        11,766               829

                  Associates of the Group’s ultimate holding company:
                    Rental income*                                             (i)        38,806            39,232
                    Property management fee income*                            (i)         5,478             5,675

                  The substantial shareholder:
                    Interest income*                                          (iii)       52,541           116,193
                    Interest expense*                                         (ii)        64,977             7,234
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022            303

                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2022




48. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a)   (Continued)

         Notes:

         (i)       These transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually agreed by the
                   parties involved.

         (ii)      The interest expense was charged at rates ranging from 2.18% to 5.80% (2021: 2.18% to 9.37%) per annum.

         (iii)     The interest income was determined at rates ranging from 1.93% to 13.88% (2021: 1.93% to 13.88%) per
                   annum.

         *         A certain portion of these related party transactions also constitute continuing connected transactions as
                   defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


   (b)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group


                                                                                            2022                    2021
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

                Short term employee benefits                                                19,071                  48,328
                Post-employment benefits                                                     1,569                   2,772
                Equity-settled share option expense                                          2,487                   4,648
                Total compensation paid to key management personnel                         23,127                  55,748


         Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 9 to the
         financial statements.

   (c)   Transactions and balances with other state-owned entities
         The Group is indirectly controlled by the PRC government and operates in an economic environment
         predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the government through its
         agencies, affiliates or other organisations (collectively “State-owned Entities” (“SOEs”)). During the
         year, the Group had transactions with other SOEs including, but not limited to, borrowings, deposits,
         the sale of properties developed, the provision of property lease and management services and the
         provision of sub-contracting services. The directors of the Company consider that these transactions
         with other SOEs are activities conducted in the ordinary course of business and that the dealings of
         the Group have not been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and the other
         SOEs are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC government. The Group has also established
         pricing policies for its products and services and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or
         not the customers are SOEs.

   (d)   Provision of guarantees to certain joint ventures and associates related to their
         borrowings
         As at 31 December 2022, the Group provided guarantees of RMB2,352,283,000 (2021: Nil) and
         RMB836,645,000 (2021: RMB125,818,000) to certain joint ventures and associates of the Group related
         to their borrowings, respectively.

         The Group assessed that the fair value at initial recognition of the financial guarantees and the ECL
         allowance during the year were not significant.
304   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      49. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
           period are as follows:


                                                                                   2022                                              2021
                                                            Financial assets                                   Financial assets
                                                             at fair value                                      at fair value
                                                               through                                            through
                                                             profit or loss                                     profit or loss
                                                               Designated           Financial                     Designated          Financial
                                                                    as such         assets at                          as such        assets at
                                                               upon initial        amortised                      upon initial       amortised
                                                               recognition                cost         Total      recognition               cost        Total
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

            Financial assets
            Trade and bills receivables                          2,429,970         2,213,248       4,643,218                    –     2,081,970      2,081,970
            Financial assets included in prepayments,
              other receivables and other assets                             –    21,035,243      21,035,243                    –    25,479,411     25,479,411
            Due from related parties                                         –    30,417,722      30,417,722                    –    42,111,015     42,111,015
            Due from non-controlling shareholders                            –     4,492,278       4,492,278                    –     4,533,781      4,533,781
            Other financial assets                               6,051,078                   –     6,051,078         1,549,378                 –     1,549,378
            Derivative financial instruments                         6,312                   –         6,312                    –              –            –
            Restricted bank balances                                         –     7,614,247       7,614,247                    –     8,693,792      8,693,792
            Cash and cash equivalents                   –
                                                                             –    37,089,244      37,089,244                    –    31,050,637     31,050,637
                                                                 8,487,360       102,861,982     111,349,342         1,549,378      113,950,606    115,499,984
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022                   305

                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                      31 December 2022




49. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)
                                                                      2022                                                      2021
                                                      Financial                                              Financial
                                                   liabilities at                                         liabilities at
                                                     fair value        Financial                            fair value           Financial
                                                 through profit     liabilities at                      through profit        liabilities at
                                                   or loss-held       amortised                         or loss – held          amortised
                                                    for trading              cost             Total        for trading                   cost           Total
                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000

    Financial liabilities
    Trade and bills payables                                   –     30,833,056          30,833,056                   –         28,951,562          28,951,562
    Financial liabilities included in other
      payables and accruals                                    –     19,835,988          19,835,988                   –         25,255,928          25,255,928
    Derivative financial instruments                           –                –                 –             41,695                      –          41,695
    Due to related parties                                     –     57,704,595          57,704,595                   –         52,271,914          52,271,914
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                 –    122,665,090      122,665,090                      –       107,028,089          107,028,089
    Lease liabilities                                          –      1,126,102           1,126,102                   –          1,065,976           1,065,976
                                                               –    232,164,831      232,164,831                41,695        214,573,469          214,615,164


50. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying
   amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                                           Carrying amounts                                    Fair values
                                                                                2022                   2021                   2022                    2021
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000                     RMB’000                RMB’000

     Financial assets
     Other financial assets                                           6,051,078                 1,549,378             6,051,078                   1,549,378
     Derivative financial instruments                                          6,312                        –                6,312                          –
     Trade receivables, non-current portion                           2,429,970                             –         2,429,970                             –

    Financial liabilities
    Derivative financial instruments                                                 –                41,695                         –              41,695
    Interest-bearing bank and other
        borrowings                                                  122,665,090              107,028,089          113,246,659                   107,403,497
306   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      50. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          (Continued)
           Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank balances, trade
           and bills receivables-current portion, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other
           assets, other financial assets, trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and
           accruals, amounts due from/to related parties, and lease liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts
           largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.


           The Group’s finance department is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair
           value measurement of financial instruments.


           The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
           could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation
           sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


           The fair values of non-current portion of trade receivables, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings
           except for notes and domestic corporate bonds have been calculated by discounting the expected future
           cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
           maturities. The fair values of notes and domestic corporate bonds are based on quoted market prices. The
           changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank and
           other borrowings as at 31 December 2022 were assessed to be insignificant.


           The fair value of a convertible bond is estimated using the binominal option pricing model. The binominal
           option pricing model incorporates various inputs including risk-free interest rate and expected volatility.


           The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through profit or loss included
           in other financial assets, have been estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on
           assumptions that are not supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the
           directors to determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy,
           and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, such as enterprise value to earnings before interest,
           taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EV/EBITDA”) multiple and price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for
           each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the
           comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for considerations
           such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific
           facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the
           unlisted equity investments to measure the fair value. The directors believe that the estimated fair values
           resulting from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial
           position, and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss, are reasonable, and
           that they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022          307

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2022




50. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
   The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by
   banks in Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
   discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms
   and risks.


   The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with counterparties, principally financial institutions
   with good credit ratings. Derivative financial instruments are measured using present value calculations or
   similar calculations. The models incorporate various market observable inputs including the credit quality of
   counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves.


   Fair value hierarchy
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


   Assets measured at fair value:
   As at 31 December 2022


                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                           Significant          Significant
                                                           observable         unobservable
                                                                inputs              inputs
                                                             (Level 2)            (Level 3)               Total
                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000

    Other financial assets                                    381,173            5,669,905            6,051,078
    Derivative financial instruments                            6,312                     –               6,312
    Trade receivables, non-current portion                           –           2,429,970            2,429,970


   As at 31 December 2021


                                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                                                Significant       Significant
                                                               observable      unobservable
                                                                    inputs             inputs
                                                                  (Level 2)          (Level 3)            Total
                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

    Other financial assets                                         742,975           806,403           1,549,378
308   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      50. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          (Continued)
           Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
           Assets measured at fair value: (Continued)
           The Group’s assets were not categorised in Level 1 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).


           The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                      2022        2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

            At 1 January                                                                          806,403             –
            Purchases                                                                                     –    797,657
            Transfer from land under development (note 16)                                      5,612,580             –
            Derecognition                                                                        (962,675)            –
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                         2,386,992             –
            Revenue recognised in the statement of profit or loss                                   42,978            –
            Total gains recognised in the statement of profit or loss included in
              other income                                                                        105,869       20,598
            Total gain/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive income                          107,728       (11,852)
            At 31 December                                                                      8,099,875      806,403


           Liabilities measured at fair value:
           Fair value measurement using significant observable inputs (Level 2)


           As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                                      2022        2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

            Derivative financial instruments                                                              –      41,695


           During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
           transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2021: Nil).
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022         309

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2022




50. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   Assets for which fair values are disclosed:
   The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets were either measured at fair value in the statement of
   financial positions or approximate to fair values as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.


   Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
   As at 31 December 2022


                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                 Quoted prices      Significant      Significant
                                                      in active     observable     unobservable
                                                      markets           inputs            inputs
                                                      (Level 1)       (Level 2)         (Level 3)         Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings     32,367,144       80,879,515                 –    113,246,659


   As at 31 December 2021


                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                 Quoted prices      Significant      Significant
                                                      in active     observable     unobservable
                                                      markets           inputs            inputs
                                                      (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)         Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings      28,433,732       78,969,765                –     107,403,497
310   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      51. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
           The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise bank loans and other
           borrowings, and cash and short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise
           finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade
           and bills receivables and trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.

           The Group also enters into derivative financial instruments, including forward currency contracts and
           interest rate swaps. The purpose is to manage foreign currency risk arising from the Group’s net investment
           in foreign operations, and to manage the interest rate and currency risks arising from the Group’s
           operations and its sources of finance.

           The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk,
           credit risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these
           risks and they are summarised below. The Group’s accounting policies in relation to derivatives are set out
           in note 2.4 to the financial statements.

           Interest rate risk
           The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long
           term debt obligations with floating interest rates.

           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates, with
           all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate
           borrowings).

                                                                                                             Increase/
                                                                                           Increase/        (decrease)
                                                                                          (decrease)          in profit
                                                                                     in basis points        before tax
                                                                                                             RMB’000

            31 December 2022
              RMB                                                                                 25           (29,360)
              US$                                                                                 25           (11,139)
              HK$                                                                                 25           (50,264)


              RMB                                                                                 (25)          29,360
              US$                                                                                 (25)          11,139
              HK$                                                                                 (25)          50,264
            31 December 2021
              RMB                                                                                  25           (30,429)
              US$                                                                                  25           (21,981)
              HK$                                                                                  25           (37,905)


              RMB                                                                                 (25)           30,429
              US$                                                                                 (25)           21,981
              HK$                                                                                 (25)           37,905
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022           311

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2022




51. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Interest rate risk (Continued)
   The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rates had
   occurred at the end of the year and has applied the exposure to interest rate risk to those bank and
   other borrowings in existence at that date. The estimated percentage increase or decrease represents
   management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rates over the year until the end of
   the next reporting period.


   Foreign currency risk
   All of the Group’s revenue and substantially all of the Group’s operating expenses are denominated in
   RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. The PRC Government imposes controls on the
   convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currencies out of
   Mainland China. Shortages in the availability of foreign currencies may restrict the ability of the Group’s
   PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currencies to pay dividends or other amounts to the Group.


   Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including dividends,
   trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without the
   prior approval from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange by complying with certain procedural
   requirements. However, the approval from the appropriate PRC Governmental authorities is required where
   RMB is to be converted into foreign currencies and remitted out of Mainland China to pay capital account
   items, such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies.


   Currently, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currencies for settlement of current account
   transactions, including the payment of dividends to the Company, without the prior approval of the State
   Administration of Foreign Exchange. The Group’s PRC subsidiaries may also retain foreign currencies in
   their current accounts to satisfy foreign currency liabilities or to pay dividends. Since foreign currency
   transactions on the capital account are still subject to limitations and require the approval from the State
   Administration of Foreign Exchange, this could affect the ability of the Group’s subsidiaries to obtain
   the required foreign currencies through debt or equity financing, including by means of loans or capital
   contributions.


   The Group’s financial assets and liabilities are not subject to foreign currency risk, except for certain short
   term deposits and interest-bearing borrowings denominated in United States dollars and Hong Kong
   dollars. The fluctuations in the exchange rates of RMB against foreign currencies could affect the Group’s
   results of operations. The Group have used derivative financial instruments to reduce the exposure to
   foreign currency borrowings.


   The Group entered into derivative financial instruments in respect of the cash flow hedges to minimise
   the foreign currency exposures as detailed in note 34 to the financial statements. It’s the Group’s policy to
   negotiate the terms of the hedge derivatives to match the terms of the hedged item to maximise hedge
   effectiveness. The Group will constantly review the economic situation and its foreign currency risk profile,
   and will consider other appropriate hedging measures in future as may be necessary.
312   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      51. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
           Foreign currency risk (Continued)
           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
           change in the exchange rate between HK$ and US$ of the Group’s profits for the years ended 31 December
           2022 and 2021.


                                                                                          Increase/         Increase/
                                                                                         (decrease)       (decrease)
                                                                                           in profit        in profit
            Increase/(decrease) in US$ rate                                            for the year      for the year
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

            1%                                                                            (152,445)          (224,766)
            (1%)                                                                           152,445            224,766


           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
           possible change in the exchange rate between RMB and US$ of the Group’s profits for the years ended 31
           December 2022 and 2021.


                                                                                      Increase/             Increase/
                                                                                      (decrease)           (decrease)
                                                                                       in profit            in profit
            Increase/(decrease) in US$ rate                                        for the year          for the year
                                                                                           2022                 2021
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

            5%                                                                              302                   274
            (5%)                                                                           (302)                 (274)
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022         313

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2022




51. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Credit risk
   Maximum exposure and year-end staging
   The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s
   credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without
   undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are
   gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee
   contracts.


   As at 31 December 2022


                                               12-month
                                                   ECLs                Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                       Simplified
                                                 Stage 1     Stage 2       Stage 3     approach           Total
                                                RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

    Contract assets*                                   –           –              –     476,017        476,017
    Trade and bills receivables at
      amortised cost*                                  –           –              –    2,248,997      2,248,997
    Trade and bills receivables
      at fair value through profit or loss             –           –              –    2,429,970      2,429,970
    Financial assets included in
      prepayments, other receivables
      and other assets – Normal**             21,035,243           –              –            –     21,035,243
    Due from non-controlling
      shareholders                             4,492,278           –              –            –      4,492,278
    Due from related parties                  25,368,169   7,946,645              –            –     33,314,814
    Other financial assets                     6,051,078           –              –            –      6,051,078
    Derivative financial instruments               6,312           –              –            –          6,312
    Restricted bank balances
      – Not yet past due                       7,614,247           –              –            –      7,614,247
    Cash and cash equivalents
      – Not yet past due                      37,089,244           –              –            –     37,089,244
    Guarantee given to banks for
      mortgage facilities                     19,656,769           –              –            –     19,656,769
    Guarantees given to banks in
      connection with borrowings granted
      to joint ventures and associates         3,188,928           –              –             –     3,188,928
                                             124,502,268   7,946,645              –    5,154,984    137,603,897
314   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      51. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
           Credit risk (Continued)
           Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)
           As at 31 December 2021


                                                            12-month
                                                                 ECLs                     Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                              Simplified
                                                              Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3        approach             Total
                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

               Contract assets*                                      –                –                –       1,400,898        1,400,898
               Trade and bills receivables at
                 amortised cost*                                     –                –                –       2,109,601        2,109,601
               Financial assets included in
                 prepayments, other receivables
                 and other assets – Normal**               25,479,411                 –                –                –      25,479,411
               Due from non-controlling
                 shareholders                                4,533,781                –                –                –       4,533,781
               Due from related parties                    38,302,420         5,119,775                –                –      43,422,195
               Other financial assets                        1,549,378                –                –                –       1,549,378
               Restricted bank balances
                 – Not yet past due                          8,693,792                –                –                –       8,693,792
               Cash and cash equivalents
                 – Not yet past due                        31,050,637                 –                –                –      31,050,637
               Guarantee given to banks for
                 mortgage facilities                       38,661,226                 –                –                –      38,661,226
               Guarantee given in respect
                 notes issued by an associate                  125,818                –                –                –         125,818
                                                          148,396,463        5,119,775                 –       3,510,499     157,026,737

           *       For trade and bills receivables and contract assets to which the Group applies the simplified approach for
                   impairment, information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in notes 25 and 27 to the financial statements,
                   respectively.

           **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered
                   to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had
                   a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is
                   considered to be “doubtful”.


           Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and bills
           receivables and contract assets are disclosed in notes 25 and 27 to the financial statements.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022         315

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2022




51. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Liquidity risk
   Due to the capital intensive nature of the Group’s business, the Group ensures that it maintains sufficient
   cash and credit facilities to meet its liquidity requirements. The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance
   between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans, lease liabilities and other
   interest-bearing loans. In the opinion of the directors, most of the borrowings that mature within one year
   are able to be renewed and the Group is expected to have adequate source of funding to finance and
   manage its liquidity position.


   The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
   contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:


                                                                           2022
                                                          More than      More than
                                                Within    1 year but     2 years but
                                              1 year or     less than      less than   More than
                                            on demand        2 years         5 years      5 years         Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

    Interest-bearing bank and
      other borrowings                      29,370,199    42,213,949     41,881,024    19,964,524   133,429,696
    Lease liabilities                         183,946       151,966         343,758      852,652      1,532,322
    Trade and bills payables                30,833,056             –               –            –    30,833,056
    Other payables                          17,855,260             –      1,980,728             –    19,835,988
    Due to related parties                  45,484,326             –     12,220,269             –    57,704,595
    Guarantee given to banks for
      mortgage facilities                   19,656,769             –               –            –    19,656,769
    Guarantees given to banks in
      connection with borrowings granted
      to joint ventures and associates       3,188,928             –               –            –     3,188,928
                                           146,572,484    42,365,915     56,425,779    20,817,176   266,181,354
316   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      51. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
           Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                                                                 2021
                                                                  More than    More than
                                                        Within    1 year but   2 years but
                                                     1 year or     less than     less than    More than
                                                    on demand        2 years       5 years      5 years          Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

            Interest-bearing bank and
              other borrowings                       34,402,923   21,751,398    44,937,719    22,280,475   123,372,515
            Lease liabilities                          180,863       181,949       359,864      886,637      1,609,313
            Trade and bills payables                 28,951,562            –             –            –     28,951,562
            Other payables                           22,045,083            –       771,559            –     22,816,642
            Derivative financial instruments            13,623             –        28,072            –         41,695
            Due to related parties                   38,966,238   13,305,676             –            –     52,271,914
            Guarantee given to banks for
              mortgage facilities                    38,661,226            –             –             –    38,661,226
            Guarantee given in respect notes
              issued by an associate                   125,818             –             –             –       125,818
                                                    163,347,336   35,239,023    46,097,214    23,167,112   267,850,685


           Capital management
           The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
           continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for
           other stakeholders, and to provide an adequate return to shareholders by pricing products and services
           commensurately with the level of risk.


           The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
           conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital
           structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to
           reduce debt. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were
           made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December
           2022 and 31 December 2021.
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022          317

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2022




51. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)
   Capital management (Continued)
   The Group monitors capital on the basis of the net debt-to-adjusted-capital ratio. This ratio is calculated
   as net debt divided by adjusted capital. Net debt is calculated as total interest-bearing bank and other
   borrowings (as shown in the statement of financial position) less cash and cash equivalents, restricted
   bank balances and certain financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Adjusted capital comprises
   all components of equity (including non-controlling interests) and the Company’s amounts due to the
   immediate holding company. The Group aims to maintain the net debt-to-adjusted-capital ratio at a
   reasonable level. The net debt-to-adjusted-capital ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as
   follows:


                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                  Note           RMB’000           RMB’000

    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                      35       122,665,090         107,028,089
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank
              balances and certain other financial assets                     (44,703,532)       (39,744,471)
    Net debt                                                                   77,961,558         67,283,618

    Total equity                                                             112,686,740         106,793,628
    Add: the Company’s amounts due to the
              immediate holding company                                         9,738,328          8,929,278
    Adjusted capital                                                         122,425,068         115,722,906

    Net debt-to-adjusted-capital ratio                                              63.7%             58.1%


52. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   (a)   On 20 February 2023, Shanghai Jinmao Investment Management Group Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned
         subsidiary of the Company, has completed the issue of the domestic corporate bonds with an
         aggregate principal amount of RMB1,700,000,000. The corporate bonds have a term of 5 years with a
         fixed rate of 3.8% per annum.
318   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED

      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2022




      53. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
           Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is
           as follows:


                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

            NON-CURRENT ASSETS
            Property, plant and equipment                                                        66              75
            Right-of-use assets                                                             9,748             4,974
            Investments in subsidiaries                                               33,410,585         36,444,226
            Total non-current assets                                                  33,420,399         36,449,275
            CURRENT ASSETS
            Due from subsidiaries                                                     48,011,937         44,981,355
            Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                              589,415            593,037
            Due from related parties                                                     207,114              1,202
            Other financial assets                                                          6,312           806,403
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                  4,272,062            553,142
            Total current assets                                                      53,086,840         46,935,139
            CURRENT LIABILITIES
            Other payables and accruals                                                  193,571            206,585
            Due to related parties                                                    10,812,240          8,929,278
            Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                11,038,590          9,269,227
            Lease liabilities                                                               3,512             5,071
            Total current liabilities                                                 22,047,913         18,410,161
            NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                        31,038,927         28,524,978
            TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                     64,459,326         64,974,253
            NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
            Due to subsidiaries                                                       21,678,471         26,479,941
            Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                15,090,195         13,813,805
            Lease liabilities                                                               4,968                 –
            Derivative financial instruments                                                      –          28,072
            Total non-current liabilities                                             36,773,634         40,321,818
            Net assets                                                                27,685,692         24,652,435
            EQUITY
            Share capital                                                             26,738,026         26,140,465
            Reserves (note)                                                              947,666         (1,488,030)
            Total equity                                                              27,685,692         24,652,435


                                   Li Congrui                                       Jiang Nan
                                     Director                                         Director
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022             319

                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2022




53. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
   Note:

   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                      Exchange                        Share
                                                    fluctuation    Hedging           option        Retained
                                                        reserve     reserve         reserve          profits          Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
    At 1 January 2021                                (1,283,212)    (64,319)         186,967        2,254,173       1,093,609
    Repurchase of shares                                       –           –                –       (134,804)       (134,804)
    Final 2020 dividend declared                               –           –                –     (1,462,990)     (1,462,990)
    2021 interim dividend declared                             –           –                –     (1,266,204)     (1,266,204)
    Total comprehensive income for the year            (761,991)      36,247                –         963,425         237,681
    Equity-settled share option arrangements                   –           –          46,127                –          46,127
    Exercise of share options                                  –           –          (1,449)               –          (1,449)
    Transfer of share option reserve upon
      the forfeiture of share options                         –            –         (24,922)         24,922                –
    At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022          (2,045,203)     (28,072)        206,723          378,522     (1,488,030)
    Issue of shares as a result of scrip dividend             –            –               –       (594,337)       (594,337)
    2022 interim dividends paid by cash                       –            –               –       (405,444)       (405,444)
    Distribution in specie                                    –            –               –     (1,259,142)     (1,259,142)
    Total comprehensive income for the year           2,345,363            –               –       2,398,132       4,743,495
    Equity-settled share option arrangements                  –            –        (48,308)               –         (48,308)
    Exercise of share options                                 –            –           (568)               –            (568)
    At 31 December 2022                                300,160      (28,072)        157,847         517,731         947,666

   The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as further
   explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements. The amount will
   either be transferred to share capital when the related options are exercised, or be transferred to retained profits should
   the related options expire or be forfeited.


54. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 March
   2023.
320   CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED


      Five-Year Financial Information
      31 December 2022




      I.    MAJOR INFORMATION OF STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                    2018           2019           2020           2021           2022
                                                RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                              (Restated)     (Restated)

            RESULTS


            Revenue                            38,732,667     43,355,941     60,053,878     90,059,934     82,991,372
            Cost of sales                     (24,194,452)   (30,591,198)   (47,939,514)   (73,302,309)   (69,845,752)
            Gross profit                       14,538,215     12,764,743     12,114,364     16,757,625     13,145,620


            Other income and gains              2,878,286      6,135,704      8,698,685      7,028,274     11,690,608
            Selling and marketing expenses     (1,083,018)    (1,302,401)    (1,600,582)    (2,378,428)    (2,616,703)
            Administrative expenses            (2,418,344)    (3,056,412)    (3,529,395)    (4,675,358)    (4,294,548)
            Other expenses and losses, net        (36,146)        (6,916)    (4,381,312)    (2,806,638)    (5,954,108)
            Finance costs                      (2,420,573)    (2,270,766)    (2,726,978)    (2,787,670)    (2,711,121)
            Share of profits and losses of:
              Joint ventures                     363,035        722,390        371,098        996,077         73,467
              Associates                          10,749        (132,653)      698,297        580,388        423,965
            PROFIT BEFORE TAX                  11,832,204     12,853,689      9,644,177     12,714,270      9,757,180
            Income tax expense                 (4,387,483)    (4,195,030)    (3,449,056)    (5,009,439)    (4,536,286)
            PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                 7,444,721      8,658,659      6,195,121      7,704,831      5,220,894

            Attributable to:
              Owners of the parent              5,278,885      6,481,751      3,880,986      4,689,944      1,984,083
              Non-controlling interests         2,165,836      2,176,908      2,314,135      3,014,887      3,236,811
                                                7,444,721      8,658,659      6,195,121      7,704,831      5,220,894


      II.   MAJOR INFORMATION OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                    2018           2019           2020           2021           2022
                                                RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                              (Restated)     (Restated)

            Total non-current assets          126,785,854    158,941,891    162,530,406    206,091,016    230,423,143
            Total current assets              152,031,998    175,939,517    225,225,768    205,911,288    191,472,496
            Total assets                      278,817,852    334,881,408    387,756,174    412,002,304    421,895,639

            Total current liabilities         122,576,765    166,730,932    197,079,975    201,244,879    188,458,816
            Total non-current liabilities      71,369,917     75,716,122     88,849,117    103,963,797    120,750,083
            Total liabilities                 193,946,682    242,447,054    285,929,092    305,208,676    309,208,899
            Equity attributable to:
              Owners of the parent             42,402,139     45,948,360     46,762,064     49,961,349     47,445,427
              Non-controlling interests        42,469,031     46,485,994     55,065,018     56,832,279     65,241,313
            Total equity                       84,871,170     92,434,354    101,827,082    106,793,628    112,686,740
PROTECT ENVIRONMENT, CREATE FUTURE TOGETHER
For the reason of good corporate citizenship, we print our 2022 Annual Report with paper from responsible
source to fulfill our corporate responsibility and create a bright future for our next generation.
CHINA JINMAO HOLDINGS GROUP LIMITED
  Rooms 4702-4703, 47th Floor, Office Tower, Convention Plaza,
          No. 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
