  Annual Report
  2025




QUALITY attracts
     QUALITY
When your goal is to build
a better future for all your
stakeholders, QUALITY in
everything you do is essential.
By investing in achieving
the highest standards of property
development and management
we attract and retain top QUALITY
tenants to our portfolio.
And that leads to the highest
QUALITY outcomes for investors.




 Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025   02
                                               Contents

                                               Building a better future            04

                                               2025 highlights                     10

                                               Chairman's review                   14

                                               Management report                   16

                                               Numbers at a glance                 22

                                               Our Leadership & Governance         24

                                               Consolidated Financial Statements   30

                                               Independent Auditor's Report        58

                                               Corporate Governance                61

                                               Investor Statistics                 77

                                               Directory                           81




Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                                       03
   Developing and managing
   QUALITY properties
    We look to drive quality and value
    in every property in our portfolio.
    We actively seek opportunities to
    maintain and advance a property’s
    features in order to enhance our
    tenants’ efficiency, productivity
    and wellbeing and to add value to
    a property’s fundamentals.




Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025   04
  CASE STUDY



  Mt Richmond Drive, Mt Wellington

  The Mt Richmond development will happen
  in three stages. The first, due for completion
  in April 2026, includes a 10-year lease to
  Viatris Limited (6,633 sqm). Additional
  warehouse platforms are available for lease
  or development. The second stage will add
  9,500 sqm across two buildings.
  The buildings will feature state-of-the-
  art sustainability innovations including
  low-carbon design, advanced stormwater
  management, flood protection, EV truck
  charging, energy-efficient lighting, solar
  panels and rainwater harvesting to reduce
  environmental impact.
  Marilyn Storey, Argosy's Head of
  Development, said, “Mt Richmond Drive is
  an excellent example of a well considered
  development designed to drive productivity
  and employee wellbeing while making a
  significant and positive impact on the planet.
  It represents the standard of quality that
  high-calibre tenants now require.”
  This development is targeting a
  6 Green Star As Built rating.



                                                      STRATEGIC
                                                      MT WELLINGTON
                                                      LOCATION




                                                      TARGETING A
                                                      6 GREEN STAR
                                                      AS BUILT RATING




Argosy Property Limited          Annual Report 2025                     05
QUALITY in
everything we do

We believe in doing things right and
doing them well. This comes through in
our thinking, in our people, and in our
balanced approach. We always take a
long-term view to benefit communities
and the environment.



HIGHLY
COMMENDED
8 Willis Street/Stewart
Dawsons Corner

At the World’s Green Building
Council’s Asia Pacific Leadership
Awards in sustainable design
and performance.

The development at 8 Willis
Street/Stewart Dawsons Corner,
Wellington has been awarded a
Highly Commended at the World
Green Building Council’s Asia Pacific
Leadership Awards. This international
recognition places it among the best
Asia Pacific sustainable buildings,
making it a benchmark for green
building excellence.
Already the recipient of New Zealand’s
2024 Supreme Property Award and
numerous international structural
engineering accolades, this office
development stands as a world-class
example of healthy work environments,
sustainable design and high
performance workspaces.
Along with showcasing our ability to
retain the heritage aspects of an iconic
Wellington building, this development
showcases our unique retrofit
approach to sustainable development.




Argosy Property Limited          Annual Report 2025   06
                                               EXCELLENCE IN
                                               SUSTAINABILITY
                                               Saatyesh Bhana
                                               Argosy’s Head of Sustainability

                                               Our Head of Sustainability, Saatyesh
                                               Bhana, has been recognised with
                                               the C3 Construction Excellence in
                                               Sustainability Award at the 2024
                                               Auckland Property People Awards.
                                               Judges praised his passion and
                                               leadership, highlighting his nearly
                                               20-year impact on New Zealand’s
                                               sustainability journey. Saatyesh
                                               has led numerous major green
                                               retrofit projects that have set new
                                               benchmarks in energy efficiency and
                                               environmental innovation. He has
                                               also led the Green Bonds and Green
                                               Reporting initiatives that have
                                               shaped our sustainability strategy.




                                                        +
                                               GOOD CORPORATE
                                               CITIZENS
                                               Community support programme

                                               We are committed to driving better
                                               long-term outcomes for the many
                                               communities we are part of. Our
                                               community support programmes
                                               help our partners thrive.
                                               Over the last year we have fostered
                                               long-term community partnerships
                                               with quality organisations such as
                                               Variety, The Spirit of Adventure
                                               Trust, numerous Surf Lifesaving
                                               clubs, Keystone Trust and
                                               many more.
                                               These are all organisations whose
                                               values align with ours and who, like
                                               us, work hard to ensure a better
                                               future for more New Zealanders.

Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                                      07
Attracting the highest
QUALITY tenants

The recent CBRE Sustainability report                 CASE STUDY

highlights that tenants value quality                 224B Neilson Street, Onehunga

developments that enhance their                       Argosy has successfully secured a 12-
operations, make them more resilient                  year lease with national business Bascik
                                                      Transport for 6,500 sqm, starting mid-
and support them in advancing their                   April 2025. The building is a premium-
                                                      grade industrial facility certified by the
sustainability commitments.                           New Zealand Green Building Council
                                                      with a 6 Green Star – NZ Design &
And that’s been our experience, with our              As Built NZv1.0 rating, representing
                                                      “World Leadership”.
quality spaces attracting the highest
                                                      Bascik Transport is a transportation,
quality tenants.                                      logistics, supply chain and storage
                                                      provider that has been operating for
                                                      over 50 years, emphasising operational
                                                      efficiency, people and sustainability.
                                                      Tony Bascik, Managing Director, stated:
                                                      “Both parties have worked efficiently
                                                      together to establish a premium
                                                      distribution site within a short timeline.
                                                      Racking, warehouse setup and moving
                                                      in 9,000 pallets were all completed
                                                      within 12 weeks. It’s clear that Argosy
224B NEILSON STREET                       BASCIK      shares similar values and vision, enabling
ONEHUNGA                                  TRANSPORT   timely execution.”
                                                      Additionally, the large warehouse at
                                                      224A Neilson Street, comprising 15,300
                                                      sqm is on track for completion in August
                                                      2025, with strong current leasing
                                                      enquiry coming from potential tenants
                                                      with a desire for a more sustainable
                                                      work environment.
                                                       Saatyesh Bhana, Argosy’s Head of
                                                      Sustainability said, “With over two
                                                      decades of management experience and
                                                      a decade of implementing sustainability
                                                      practices, we have honed our strategies to
                                                      offer cost-effective, sustainable solutions
                                                      to our tenants.”
                                                      The Neilson Street development focuses
                                                      on delivering a building adaptable to the
                                                      occupant’s current and future needs. The
                                                      occupied areas are column-free, allowing
                                                      flexible space usage configurations.
                                                      The project specification benefits the
                                                      occupant with energy efficiency and
                                                      comfort. It features a hydronic air-
                                                      conditioning system using air-to-air heat
                                                      recovery, smart LED lighting, PV solar
                                                      arrays to run the whole site and additional
                                                      electricity and water meters to target


Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                                                  08
   further reductions. Rainwater harvesting                           2. Future proofed
                                                                          – EV charging and
   is used for flushing toilets, irrigation and                           truck charging capacity.
   cleaning the building and solar panels.
   The Building Management System
   provides a graphical illustration of the
   building functions, allowing tenants to
   view real-time data.
   In addition, low carbon concrete is used,
   with cement substitutes of up to 20%,                              3. Energy efficient lighting,
   significantly reducing carbon emissions.                               solar panels and
   Stormwater management is addressed                                     rainwater harvesting
                                                                          ensures the development
   through advanced overland flowpaths                                    makes the most of the
   designed to handle high rainfall events,                               site and reduces the
   ensuring effective water management.                                   environmental impact.

   The buildings are designed with a high
   freeboard that is double the building
   code requirement, to provide additional
   protection against flooding.                                       4. Certified 6 Green Star
                                                                          Built rating, joining our
   With the completion of 224 Neilson                                     growing portfolio of
   Street, Argosy’s industrial portfolio                                  quality green buildings.
   weighting will increase to 54%, moving
   closer to our target band of 60-70%. We
   look forward to sharing more updates on
   this development.




   1. A
       number of features of the property
      are well suited to the logistics, supply
      chain, transport operations of Basick.




                       6
                                    Design




Argosy Property Limited                          Annual Report 2025                                    09
2025 highlights



$116.9m
                                               Net
                                               Property
                                               Income
                                                 0.4%




6.65cps                                        FY26
                                               dividend
                                               guidance




$72.7m
                                               Revaluation
                                               gain for the
                                               year, 3.6%
                                               on book value




96.5%                                          Occupancy




5.1yrs
                                               Weighted
                                               average
                                               lease term
                                               (WALT)




$1.53                                          Net Tangible
                                               Assets
                                               (per share)


Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                   10
                                               Sustainability

Gearing                                        6 Green
                                               Star
35.7%                                          6 Green Star Design and Build
                                               certification in progress for the industrial
                                               property located at 224B Neilson Street

Industrial weighting



53%                                            33%
                                               Completed green assets
                                               percentage of portfolio


Auckland weighting

                                               Toitū
71%                                            Maintained a Toitū Certified Net
                                               Carbon Zero certification since 2020



Government sector
rental income



33%
                                               Social

                                               $70,800
                                               of community sponsorship in 2025




Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                                                  11
Building a                                                  Proactive delivery of
                                                            sustainable growth

better future                                               A business culture that is
                                                            environmentally focused

                                                            Executing green Value Add
                                                            portfolio opportunities to drive
                                                            earnings and capital growth

                                                            A commitment to funding for
                                                            green assets




                                                          Gree
                                                                 n
                          Diversif
                            ied




                                                                           t
                                                                       en




                                                                        i li
                                                                      s
                                                                 Re

     A diversified portfolio by sector
                           and region

        A diversified asset allocation                            A business that is adaptable
    across sectors to reduce volatility                           and responsive to change
     and widen growth opportunities
                                                                  Maintaining strong and
                                                                  valued relationships across
         Targeting strategic growth
                                                                  all stakeholders
   opportunities with green potential
        and a focus on the Auckland                               A commitment to management
                    Industrial market                             excellence delivering earnings
                                                                  and dividend growth
            Maintaining a portfolio of
            high quality, well located                            Ensuring safe working
    Core assets with growth potential                             environments for Argosy
                                                                  and its partners

Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                            12
Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025   13
Chairman's review




Sustainable
dividend growth
over the long term
                          “Greening our portfolio towards more sustainable
                           buildings, with appropriate certifications validating
                           their quality, will drive long term shareholder value.”




Argosy Property Limited    Annual Report 2025                                    14
FY25 FULL YEAR DIVIDEND                                                FY26 DIVIDEND GUIDANCE




6.65cps
Consistent with the prior year
                                                                       6.65cps
                                                                       Consistent with the FY25 dividend




On behalf of the Board of Directors, it's my pleasure                  support hybrid functionality, which allows shareholders to
                                                                       attend virtually and participate in all elements of the meeting,
to present Argosy’s 2025 Annual Report.
                                                                       including questions and answers and completing all voting.
The business has performed well in the second half of the year,
                                                                       At the last ASM, the Board noted it is focused on ensuring
despite difficult market conditions. The Board is pleased by
                                                                       there is appropriate succession planning in place at Board
the progress made towards our sustainability goals evidenced
                                                                       level. The first step in that process saw Alex Cutler join the
by the green buildings completed, certifications achieved
                                                                       Board in October 2024. Alex has global experience working
and the commencement of new developments. We believe
                                                                       with multinational organisations to assist their understanding
greening our portfolio towards more sustainable buildings, with
                                                                       of the strategic importance of sustainability. Alex will stand for
appropriate certifications validating their quality, will drive long
                                                                       election at the 2025 Annual Shareholders Meeting.
term shareholder value.

The Company won the Supreme Award at the Property Council
                                                                       Dividends
of New Zealand Awards for the 6 Green Star Built property              A fourth quarter dividend of 1.6625 cents per share has been
at 8 Willis Street/Stewart Dawsons Corner. The Property                declared for the March quarter with imputation credits of
Council Awards is a prestigious awards program that recognises         0.217951 cents per share attached. This will bring the full year
excellence in design and innovation in the built environment.          dividend to 6.65 cents per share in line with previous guidance.
The Board congratulates staff and all the Company’s partners           Overseas investors will receive an additional supplementary
who worked on the project. Additionally, the same building was         dividend of 0.098902 cents per share to offset non-resident
Highly Commended at the World Green Building Council’s Asia            withholding tax.
Pacific Leadership in Green Buildings Awards (one of only three        Dividend guidance for FY26 is 6.65 cents per share, consistent
buildings to be recognised in this category).                          with the FY25 year. Our dividend policy is to pay between
8 Willis Street/Stewart Dawsons Corner continues the                   85-100% of AFFO earnings (note the Board is comfortable being
Company’s growing expertise in retrofitting existing buildings to      outside policy for limited periods to reduce dividend volatility).
create modern, attractive working environments for our tenants         Based on current projections, we expect the dividend payout for
and their people. We will continue to target strategic growth          FY26 to be within, but at the top end, of the policy range.
opportunities with green potential – with Auckland Industrial
                                                                       Outlook
being the current focus.
                                                                       Whilst the removal of tax depreciation on buildings from 1 April
The Board is comfortable with the company's capital position           2024 imposed a significant additional tax impost on Argosy,
and balance sheet strength. The sale of 8 Forge Way, Auckland,         previous highly restrictive interest rates appear to be behind
was settled for $35.2 million in March and proceeds will be            us. This, along with the prospect of slowly improving economic
applied to our green developments at 224 Neilson Street and            conditions, provides us with some optimism for the year ahead.
Mt Richmond. The business has sufficient funding capacity to
                                                                       The key strategic goal around greening the portfolio, in
accommodate medium term development requirements.
                                                                       particular making progress with our green industrial projects
Inflation is now within the Reserve Bank’s target band, and            at Neilson Street and Mt Richmond, will support resilient and
interest rates have fallen to more reasonable levels, albeit the       sustainable dividend growth to shareholders over the long term.
cash rate is still higher than the Reserve Bank’s estimate of the
                                                                       The Management team will also remain focused on addressing
neutral rate. The Company has reported a revaluation gain of
                                                                       near term lease expiries within the portfolio and ensuring that
$72.7 million this year, primarily driven by market rental growth.
                                                                       our tenant retention rate remains high.
This compares to a revaluation loss of $111.7 million in the last
financial year.

Argosy continues to follow an investment policy focused
on a diversified high quality portfolio underpinned by our
sustainability strategy. Key policy targets include a weighting
to Industrial of 60-70% and a weighting to Auckland of 70-80%.         Jeff Morrison
Governance and succession planning                                     Chairman
Argosy’s Annual Shareholders Meeting (ASM) will be held
as a hybrid meeting on 22 July at 2pm at the Royal New
Zealand Yacht Squadron in Auckland. Argosy continues to


Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                                     15
Management report




A clear focus
on sustainability

                          “Our green developments will deliver certainty and
                           stability to our cashflows and earnings.”




Argosy Property Limited    Annual Report 2025                                  16
NET PROPERTY INCOME                                                    ANNUALISED RENTAL GROWTH OF




$116.9m
Up 0.4% on prior period
                                                                       3.5%
                                                                       On rents reviewed




Key results for the period include:                                    Our portfolio occupancy at 96.5% is solid, however our core
                                                                       focus over the next twelve months will be to address residual
•   Net property income for the period of $116.9 million, up 0.4%      vacancy and near term expiries. We continue to receive good
    on the prior comparable period;                                    enquiry for green properties with their vibrant and engaging
•   $72.7 million revaluation gain for the 12 months to 31 March       environments, which reinforces our overall strategic direction.
    ($111.7 million revaluation loss in the prior comparable           Our green industrial development projects at 224 Neilson Street
    period), up 3.6% on book value, contributing to a full year        and Mt Richmond in Auckland (along with future developments
    net profit after tax of $125.9 million (loss of $54.5 million in   including the industrial property at 291 East Tamaki Road,
    the prior comparable period);                                      Auckland) underpin our strategic goal of increasing our
•   Net distributable income of $55.8 million, the same as the         Industrial weighting and greening half our portfolio by 2031.
    prior comparable period (note this year Argosy incurred            There is growing evidence around rental premiums between
    incremental tax expense of $2.8 million, following the             green and non-green buildings. A recent CBRE sustainability
    Government’s removal of tax deductions for depreciation            report found that more than 50% of Prime and B-Grade office
    on buildings);                                                     occupiers are willing to pay a premium to be in space with
•   Sound portfolio metrics, with occupancy at 96.5% and WALT          high environmental performance (≥ 5 Green Star or NABERSNZ
    of 5.1 years;                                                      ratings). Green ratings also have a high correlation with building
•   NTA per share of $1.53 up from $1.45 at 31 March 2024;             quality and occupancy.

•   Portfolio gearing steady at 35.7%, in the middle of the target     Financial Results
    band of 30-40%;
                                                                       STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
•   Divested and settled the non Core asset at 8 Forge Way for
                                                                       Argosy reported net property income of $116.9 million for
    $35.2 million, achieving above book value;
                                                                       the period, which was consistent with the prior comparable
•   Successful portfolio leasing and rent review outcomes,             period. Interest expense of $41.6 million was lower than the
    including 3.5% annualised rental growth on rents reviewed          prior comparable period ($44.0 million). This was due to a
    and 86% tenant retention rate;                                     combination of lower overall debt levels, lower rates and higher
•   Progress on green developments, continuing our portfolio           capitalised interest.
    transformation and progress to a 50% green portfolio by
                                                                       Annual valuations for the year to 31 March 2025 were
    2031 (37.2% at 31 March 2025);
                                                                       performed by CBRE Limited, Colliers International New Zealand
•   Argosy achieved notable success at the annual Property             Limited and Jones Lang LaSalle Limited. The total unrealised
    Council of New Zealand (PCNZ) Awards. The company                  revaluation gain was $72.7 million, or 3.6% on book value,
    won the Supreme Award for its 6 Green Star Built                   which compares to an unrealised revaluation loss for the year
    property located at 8 Willis Street/Stewart Dawsons Corner.        to 31 March 2024 of $111.7 million. An increase in net market
    This property was also Highly Commended at the World               rentals was the key driver of the revaluation increase. Of the
    Green Building Council’s Asia Pacific Leadership in Green          annual increase, $8.7 million was recognised in the interim
    Buildings Awards.                                                  result at 30 September 2024.
•   Additionally, the 6 Star Green Built property at 105 Carlton
                                                                       By sector, Industrial increased by $60.6 million or 5.7%. The
    Gore Road received an Excellence Award at the PCNZ
                                                                       Office portfolio increased by $4.1 million or 0.5%, and Large
    Awards. These accolades further underscore the quality of
                                                                       Format Retail increased by $8.0 million or 4.0%. The portfolio is
    our portfolio and our commitment to sustainable practices;
                                                                       11.0% under-rented, excluding market rent on developments.
•   Appointment of Alex Cutler to the Board, as part of the Board
                                                                       As a result of the FY25 revaluations, Argosy’s NTA increased
    succession process; and
                                                                       to $1.53 per share from $1.45 at 31 March 2024. Following the
•   FY26 dividend guidance of 6.65 cents per share, consistent
                                                                       revaluation, Argosy’s portfolio shows a contract yield on values
    with the prior year.
                                                                       of 6.00% and a yield on fully let market rentals of 6.85%.
Difficult economic conditions and restrictive interest rate
                                                                       The revaluation gain contributed to the net profit after tax of
settings persisted for most of this financial year (although some
                                                                       $125.9 million, compared to a net loss of $54.5 million in the
welcome relief is in sight). The extended time to close leasing
                                                                       prior year.
opportunities was evident in the first half of the year, but we
have been buoyed by a recent improvement in leasing enquiry.




Argosy Property Limited               Annual Report 2025                                                                                 17
Management report

DISTRIBUTABLE INCOME                                                over the next four years. Our portfolio was 53% weighted to
Net distributable income (NDI) for the year was $55.8 million,      Industrial at 31 March 2025 and, following the completion of
the same as the prior comparable period. NDI has been               our pipeline of green Value Add development Industrial sites,
negatively impacted in this period by incremental tax expense       will continue to increase toward our target weighting of 60-70%
of $2.8 million, following the Government’s removal of tax          over the medium term.
deductions for depreciation on buildings.                           Divestment of non Core Assets
Portfolio Metrics, Rent Reviews and Leasing                         The non Core property at 8 Forge Way, Auckland, was
The financial year was influenced by tight economic conditions,     unconditionally sold in FY24 for $35.2 million and settled in
high interest rates and geopolitical uncertainty. The team has      March 2025.
worked hard to deliver solid core operating metrics including       A further seven properties have been identified as non Core,
occupancy, rental growth and leasing outcomes.                      with a combined current book value of $147 million, and these
As at 31 March, Argosy’s WALT was 5.1 years and portfolio           properties are expected to be divested over the medium term.
occupancy was 96.5%.                                                Developments
Over the financial year, Argosy completed 105 rent reviews,         224 NEILSON STREET
achieving annualised rental growth of 3.5%. These reviews were      This project is the first of Argosy’s Value Add green industrial
achieved on rents totalling $76.5 million.                          estates and the development is progressing well. The 3.5ha
On rents subject to review by sector, Argosy achieved               site is strategically located, 8km from the Auckland CBD with
annualised rental growth of 4.2% for Industrial rent reviews,       excellent access to State Highway 1, State Highway 20 and the
2.5% for Office rent reviews and 3.3% for Large Format Retail       wider transport network.
rent reviews. Over the financial year, 81% of rents reviewed were   Argosy has successfully secured a 12-year lease agreement with
subject to fixed reviews, 10% were market reviews and 9% were       national business, Bascik Transport, for the first warehouse and
CPI based.                                                          this lease commenced in April 2025.
Argosy completed 54 leasing transactions across 57,100m2 of         Additionally, the second warehouse at Neilson Street,
NLA during the year. Lease transactions were made up of new         comprising 15,300 sqm of NLA, is on track for completion in
leases (22), renewals (24) and extensions (8).                      September this year, with solid current leasing enquiry.
Key leasing highlights over the year include:                       Both warehouses are targeting 6 Green Star Design and As
•   Cotton On Clothing Limited, Albany Mega Centre - 1,718m2        Built ratings. The design team have incorporated a wide range
    on a 10 year renewal;                                           of green initiatives to help achieve the 6 Star rating, including
                                                                    low carbon concrete, rainwater harvesting, solar electricity
•   Mitchell Vranjes Consulting Engineers Limited, 8 Nugent
                                                                    generation and intelligent lighting and air conditioning. With
    Street - 810m2 on a 6 year renewal;
                                                                    approximately 1,880 solar panels, generating over 1.2GWh of
•   Trust Investments Management Limited, 105 Carlton Gore          energy annually, on completion the facility will have one of the
    Road - 529m2 on a new 8 year lease;                             largest rooftop photovoltaic installations in the country.
•   New Zealand Educational Institute, 101 Carlton Gore Road -
                                                                    Following completion, 224 Neilson Street is expected to have an
    984m2 on a new 7 year lease;
                                                                    end value of $110 million, with a yield on development cost of
•   Booths Logistics Limited, 32 Bell Avenue - 8,790m2 on a new     5.7%, and a development margin of 11.2%.
    3 year lease;
                                                                    MT RICHMOND
•   Henkel New Zealand Limited, 12 Allens Road - 2,344m2 on a
    new 10 year lease;                                              Mt Richmond is a 10.6 hectare Value Add green development
                                                                    site in the central industrial precinct of Mt Wellington, only 15km
•   Steel E.D. & Patton Limited, 39 Randwick Road - 2,304m2 on
                                                                    from the Auckland CBD. The Mt Richmond development is an
    a new 12 year lease;
                                                                    important part of our long term strategy given our positive view
•   Lighthouse Financial Services, 23 Customs Street - 656m2        of the Industrial sector over the long term.
    on a new 5 year lease;
                                                                    The first building at Mt Richmond has been committed with
•   Farmers, Albany Mega Centre - 3,336m2 on a 6
                                                                    a new 10-year lease agreement with the global healthcare
    year renewal;
                                                                    company Viatris Ltd (with lease commencement in the first
•   The Warehouse, Cavendish Drive - 9,427m2 on a 6 year            quarter of 2026). This building includes 6,633 sqm of NLA and
    renewal; and                                                    is targeting a 6 Green Star Built rating.
•   Belton IT Nexus, 101 Carlton Gore Road - 500m2 on a new 4
                                                                    The business park has very solid metrics, including an IRR
    year lease.
                                                                    of 9.4%, a yield on cost of 6.2% and a development margin
We are pleased with the efforts of the team this year. We have      of 18.7%.
managed to retain many valued tenants and also attract new
tenants to the portfolio.                                           The addition of Bascik Transport and Viatris underscores
                                                                    Argosy's strong market position and the growing demand for
The softer leasing environment was offset to some degree by         high-quality, sustainable warehouse/office space.
the ongoing strong bottom-up fundamentals for the Industrial
sector. This sector continues to show low forecast vacancy and
positive rental growth and is forecast to deliver solid returns

Argosy Property Limited            Annual Report 2025                                                                                   18
                                                                                      Annual valuations for the year to 31 March were performed by
      despite the operational environment being so difficult for                      CBRE, Colliers International New Zealand Limited, Bayleys and
      everyone.                                                                       Jones Lang Lasalle. The total unrealised revaluation gain for the
     8-14 Willis Street has now been handed over to Statistics New                    year to 31 March was $xx million or a xx% increase above book
     Zealand. At a total cost of $xm, the handover sees Argosy complete               value. The portfolio is x% under-rented, excluding market rent
     its largest green development project in its history. If we achieve              on vacant space.
     our target 6 Green Stars the building will certainly be the jewel in             Current tax expense was higher / lower due to large deductions
     our crown. The Wellington office market continues to exhibit                     recorded in the prior comparable period and the non-assessable
Acquisitions
     strong fundamentals which we don’t see waning for some time.
                                                                                      Trends/Outlook
                                                                                       deposit for the Albany Lifestyle Centre.
ThereOur
       wereongoing  exposure toduring
             no acquisitions      Government    rental streams
                                        this financial         provides a
                                                        year. However,                The strong bottom up fundamentals of the Industrial sector
     high degree
in November        of certainty
               2024,            and stability during
                       Argosy unconditionally         uncertaintotimes.
                                                  contracted                           Distributable
                                                                                      will                Income growth. As economic conditions
                                                                                           continue to underpin
      Master
purchase    291planning    at Argosy’s
                 East Tamaki      Roadtwo (and key Auckland
                                                 adjacent    titles). This estates
                                                                industrial  is         Net  distributable  incomethe
                                                                                      improve, it’s expected            the year was
                                                                                                                    forimbalance            newcompared
                                                                                                                                     $xx million
                                                                                                                                   between       supply and
a 4.6 at Mt Richmond
       hectare,            Road
                  level site  in and  Neilson Street are
                                   well-established          progressing
                                                           industrial       and we
                                                                       precinct,       to $.0 million in the  prior comparable   period.
                                                                                      net absorption (demand) will abate, reducing vacancy and
      are fielding
just 2km’s           a lot ofHighway
             from State       market inquiry
                                        1.       for these sites which will be        improving    rents.
                                                                                       Valuations
      repurposed into green industrial estates. We’re excited about the
The initial purchase
      potential           price and attendant
                  these sustainably                  capital works
                                       focused properties             is the
                                                               bring to                The
                                                                                      In  thework
                                                                                               Officeperformed      by the valuers
                                                                                                         sector flexible     working   resulted     in an annual
                                                                                                                                          environments         continue,
      portfolioand
$60 million,           thefully-let
                  andthe   cross section
                                    holding of new   industrial
                                                return   is 5.0%.tenants  showing
                                                                    The site           revaluation     uplift  of $x million,   or a
                                                                                      but full-time remote work is declining and the x%    increase    above   book value.
                                                                                                                                                         building
      interest.  We leased,
                     think strong                                                      By location, Auckland was the largest contributor to the total year
is currently  58%              withindustrial
                                     the balance fundamentals
                                                       expected and    the fact the
                                                                   to be              environment is increasingly in focus by employers as a means
      sector  is forecast  to be the bestinperformer      over the  next five years    end valuation results with an unrealised revaluation increase of
leased   up soon    after settlement,        August 2025.        This strategic       to get staff back to the office. The Government’s desire to
      is underpinning occupier interest.                                               $x million or 84% f the total portfolio uplift. By sector, and at
acquisition, when developed to a high 6 Green Star Built                              get
                                                                                       ~50% more    employees
                                                                                              of Argosy’s            backbytovalue
                                                                                                              portfolio         the office
                                                                                                                                      Industrialwill be
                                                                                                                                                      waspositive
                                                                                                                                                            the keyfor
                                                                                                                                                                     driver
      The balance
standard,             of the the
            will position    portfolio  is in closer
                                 portfolio    excellentto shape.  Argosy’s
                                                          the target        capital
                                                                       Industrial     Argosy.      Although     there   are   some     cutbacks       in Wellington,      past
                                                                                       of the overall gain at $x million, up x% on book value. The Office
      structure is sound and we have capacity to execute on
weighting of 60-70%.                                                                  trends
                                                                                       portfolio indicate
                                                                                                   increased that$xcore   civiland
                                                                                                                     million,    service
                                                                                                                                    Largenumbers           are resilient.
                                                                                                                                               Format Retail     increased
      opportunities as they arise. However, with interest rates rising it
                                                                                       by $x million.
                                                                                      Many     firms are looking to increase unassigned seating (hot
      we are focusing
This location             moreand
                 is excellent   on our    organic generating
                                     is already     value add development
                                                                  strong
      pipeline.   Given                                                               desking),
                                                                                       As a resultbut      areFY22
                                                                                                      of the    also revaluation
                                                                                                                      looking for gain,
                                                                                                                                      moreArgosy’s
                                                                                                                                                collaborative      spaces
                                                                                                                                                          NTA increased
leasing  interest.   Wethewillpipeline  of work we
                               be well-placed           see ahead, on
                                                   to capitalise    we’ve
                                                                       strong
      resourced                                                                        to $1.xx,
                                                                                      (two         or xx% from
                                                                                             discrepant             $1.64
                                                                                                              trends)   andat 31  Marchis2021.
                                                                                                                               Argosy                Following
                                                                                                                                               looking             the the
                                                                                                                                                          to position
prospective    netthe   business and
                    absorption          development
                                   for Auckland          team upinaccordingly.
                                                      Industrial     the               revaluation,     Argosy’s portfolio shows a contract yield on values of
                                                                                      portfolio    accordingly.
coming years.                                                                          5.xx% and a yield on fully let market rentals of 5.xx%.
      Highlights
                                                                                      Although national retail sales decreased over the year to
Capital
   Key Management
        highlights for the period include:                                             Outlook 2024, confidence is improving. Argosy’s retail
                                                                                      September
As at •31 March,  Argosy’s
          Continued  focus ondebt  to total assets
                               sustainability       ratio,developments;
                                              and green    excluding                   With
                                                                                      exposurethe economy
                                                                                                     is limitedfacing    a range
                                                                                                                  to Large         of headwinds,
                                                                                                                               Format      Retail which the next    6-12
                                                                                                                                                              is expected
capitalised borrowing costs, was 35.7% compared to 36.5% at                            months
                                                                                      by   CBREwill     be challenging
                                                                                                    to provide             for the
                                                                                                                   relatively    highdomestic
                                                                                                                                        returnseconomy,          but we’re
                                                                                                                                                     over the next     4 years.
      • Record interim net profit after tax of $xx.0 million;
31 March 2024, and 37.2% at the half-year.                                             ready for it. We’ll continue to work hard on the things we can
      • Net property income for the period up xx%;                                    Argosy
                                                                                       control.is Onvery
                                                                                                       the well   placed.side
                                                                                                            operational      It has
                                                                                                                                  thisa is
                                                                                                                                        strong
                                                                                                                                            leasing balance     sheet and
                                                                                                                                                      up vacancies     and
The ratio reflects the net impact of revaluation gains,                               arenewing
                                                                                         growing,expiring
                                                                                                       high quality
                                                                                                                leases.portfolio    of diversified
                                                                                                                         On the strategic                properties
                                                                                                                                                 side, we’ll   keep with
      • Highand
divestments
               occupancy (~9x%) and WALT (5.x years);
                   development activity during the period.                            aworking     closely
                                                                                         clear focus      onwith   our tenantsand
                                                                                                              sustainability       andgreen
                                                                                                                                          supporting
                                                                                                                                                  assets. their  growth
                                                                                                                                                             Gradually
      • Strong
Argosy’s         portfolio
           year end        leasing
                     gearing   sits and rent review
                                    comfortably      outcomes,
                                                  in the middleincluding
                                                                  of                   aspirations,our
                                                                                      increasing       completing
                                                                                                            weighting  ourtoexisting
                                                                                                                              Industrialgreen    projects
                                                                                                                                              through     ourand  master of
                                                                                                                                                                pipeline
its targetxx% annualised
           gearing  band ofrental growthand
                             30-40%,      on rents  reviewed;
                                              well below   its bank                    planning
                                                                                      green         and development
                                                                                               developments                of our value
                                                                                                                     will deliver   certaintyadd opportunities.
                                                                                                                                                    and stability to  Allour
                                                                                                                                                                          of
covenant   of 50%.                                                                     these support the delivery of our ten year strategic plan and
      • 7WQ    in Wellington is now 100% leased;                                      cashflows and earnings.
                                                                                       sustainable distributions to shareholders.
   • $xxFacilities
Banking million annual revaluation gain, an increase of x% on book                    The   Management
                                                                                       I look                    team, as
                                                                                               forward to updating        allalways,     will remain
                                                                                                                               our stakeholders            focused
                                                                                                                                                       at our   Annualon
         value; extended its syndicated bank facilities with
In July, Argosy                                                                        Meeting in June.
                                                                                      addressing        near term lease expiries within the portfolio and
      • Increase
ANZ Bank          in NTA per
            New Zealand      share toBank
                           Limited,   $1.xxof
                                            from
                                              New$1.53  at 31 March
                                                    Zealand         2021,
                                                               Limited,               ensuring that our tenant retention rate remains high.
         a xx% increase;
Commonwealth      Bank ofand
                           Australia, Westpac New Zealand
Limited  and Industrial
      • FY23             and Commercial
               dividend guidance            Bank
                                  of 6.65 cents perofshare
                                                      China   Limited.
                                                           under the new
The newdividend
          Tranches   and which
                   policy expiries are:
                                commenced     from 1 April 2022.
Tranche A: $210 Results
    Financial   million, expiry 1 October 2027.

Tranche B: $215 million,
    Statement            expiry 1 OctoberIncome
                 of Comprehensive         2028.                                       PETERMence
                                                                                      Peter MENCE
                                                                                      Chief Executive
                                                                                      Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                      Officer
     For D:
Tranche  the$100
              12 months   to 31
                    million,    March,
                             expiry     Argosy reported
                                     1 October   2029. net property
     income of $xx million for the period, up x% compared with the
Argosy’s
     priorweighted
           comparable average
                          period.debt tenor, including bonds,
was 2.7 years   at 31 March   2025
     Solid like for like rental      (2.3was
                                growth    years  at 31 March
                                              bolstered by a full year
2024). The weighted
     contribution   fromaverage    interest
                          Mt Richmond     andrate was
                                               lower   5.1% (5.6%
                                                     Covid-19        at
                                                               rent rebates                                                     NEED TO UPDATE
31 March
     over2024).
          the period, partially offset by disposals.                                                                            SIGNATURE
     For the year to 31 March, Argosy provided for $x million in rental
Argosy has $100 million of green bonds (ARG010) maturing
     abatements to tenants and no deferrals.
in March 2026. These bonds will be refinanced during this
                                                                                      Dave Fraser
                                                                                      DAVE FRASER
financial year.                                                                       Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                      Chief Financial Officer


      9     Annual Report 2022                                                                                                                 Argosy Property Limited




Argosy Property Limited                     Annual Report 2025                                                                                                               19
Management report




Investment Framework
Argosy has a Clearly Defined Investment Strategy                      Argosy’s debt-to-total assets ratio target band remains at
                                                                      30-40%. This band allows Argosy flexibility to react to changing
Argosy is, and will remain, invested in a portfolio that is           financial and property market conditions. Any movement
diversified by sector, location and tenant mix. The Investment        beyond pre-set parameters requires an action plan and
Strategy is unchanged and Argosy’s portfolio will continue to         timeframe to move debt levels to within the prescribed range.
consist primarily of Core and Value Add properties.
                                                                      Risk Management
Core
                                                                      Argosy has a robust risk assessment process. Risk assessment
Core properties are well constructed, well-located assets which       reviews are carried out by a representative cross-section
are intended to be long-term investments of more than 10              of Argosy’s management team at least twice a year in
years. The Core properties target is between 75% to 90% of the        accordance with Argosy’s Risk Management Framework. A
portfolio by value. Core properties are well located with strong      risk assessment review has three phases: identification of
long-term generic demand, a leasing profile that provides for         material risks arising from Argosy’s operation; assessment of
rental growth of at least CPI and good structural integrity with      the probability and consequences of the risk; and development
minimal maintenance capital expenditure required.                     of controls to achieve a level of residual risk that is within
Value Add                                                             Argosy’s risk appetite.

Value Add properties are assets which, through skilled asset          Argosy generally operates within a medium, low to very low
management, can increase future earnings and provide capital          overall risk range. Argosy has a low risk appetite for risks
growth. Value Add properties will already be well located             associated with managing developments, Value Add projects
with the potential for strong long-term tenant demand. These          and compliance matters. Please also refer pages 75-76 of this
properties are available for near to medium-term repositioning        report for more detail on key risks and mitigations.
or development with the view to moving into the Core category.
                                                                      PORTFOLIO MIX BY SECTOR
Investment Policy
The Investment Policy clearly defines what properties Argosy
will seek to own by setting the boundaries within which it
will operate and invest. It delivers a clear acquisition checklist
and every potential acquisition (and portfolio asset) can be
measured against that checklist. In some cases, a portfolio
of assets may be considered for acquisition. The strategy for
a potential portfolio acquisition must be consistent with the
overall Argosy Portfolio Investment Strategy (i.e. the majority
by value of the properties are either Core or offer potential
to move to Core in the medium-term). Investment Policy
target bands also reflect development opportunities over the
medium-term and the effect on overall portfolio composition.
The Industrial target is 60-70%, Office is 20-30% and the Large
Format Retail target is 5-15%. Argosy’s diversified portfolio of
                                                                            53%   Industrial
quality properties has an average value of $42.2 million. Liquid
                                                                            37%   Office
properties, which are properties that could potentially be under
                                                                            10%   Large Format Retail
contract within a short period, currently represent 18% of the
portfolio or $380.4 million.

Capital Management                                                   “Our Investment Policy is a key pillar of
The optimal capital structure for Argosy is one that enables it       our strategy of creating a green, resilient and
to maximise its earnings yield through the property cycle within      diversified portfolio.”
the following parameters:
                                                                      Peter Mence
•   properties can be acquired when they meet the approved
    Investment Policy criteria, or sold when they are non Core;       CEO

•   there are no forced sales of properties or a requirement to
    issue equity at a price that is dilutive to shareholders;
•   measured dividend growth is maintained.




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                20
IMAGE PLACEHOLDER TO HELP WITH PAGINATION




24–28 Highgate Parkway Auckland


Argosy Property Limited           Annual Report 2025
                                                2024   21
                                                       23
Numbers at a glance

           AUCKLAND PORTFOLIO VALUE                                                   INDUSTRIAL SECTOR WEIGHTING




          71%                                                                     53%



107 Carlton Gore Road Auckland



                                                    Unit of                                            Large Format
                                                   measure               Industrial           Office          Retail     Total

 Number of buildings                                      no.                   33                13              4        50

 Market value of assets                                   $m                  1,129             776             205      2,109

 Net lettable area                                         m²              371,172           127,859        50,204     549,235

 Occupancy factor by rent                                   %              100.0%             92.8%         100.0%      96.5%

 Weighted average lease term                           years                   5.6              4.5             5.0        5.1

 Average value                                            $m                  34.2              59.7            51.2      42.2

 Passing yield1                                             %               5.54%             6.32%          6.89%      6.00%

1. Passing yield excludes 224 Neilson Street & 8-14 Mt Richmond Drive.



Argosy Property Limited                      Annual Report 2025                                                              22
        LEASE EXPIRY PROFILE
        by rent

                             20
Percentage of portfolio by income




                                                                                    17.9
                                    15



                                    10                                14.9




                                                                                                           11.2




                                                                                                                                   10.5




                                                                                                                                                                              10.5
                                                                                               8.1




                                                                                                                                                                  7.3
                                    5




                                                                                                                      5.5
                                                           5.3




                                                                                                                                           4.7



                                                                                                                                                         0.6
                                               3.5




                                    0
                                           Vacant         Mar-26    Mar-27        Mar-28     Mar-29      Mar-30      Mar-31    Mar-32     Mar-33       Mar-34    Mar-35     Mar-36+




    TOTAL PORTFOLIO VALUE                                                                  TOTAL PORTFOLIO VALUE                            PORTFOLIO MIX
        by sector                                                                          by region                                        by type




                                         53%     Industrial                                    71%      Auckland                                  80%     Core properties

                                         37%     Office                                        26%      Wellington                                13%     Value Add properties

                                         10%     Large Format Retail                         3%         North Island regional or                  7%      Properties & land to divest
                                                                                           		           South Island




        ANNUALISED RENT GROWTH                                                                                    CORE PROPERTIES




3.5%      On rents reviewed
                                                                                                                  80%
                                                                                                                  Of total portfolio



       RENT REVIEWS IN FY25 by sector                                                                             NEW LEASES COMPLETED IN FY25 by sector

                                                                   No. of      Annualised        Increase                                 Floor Area          Average         No. of
                                                                 Reviews             Rent            over                                     (sqm)        Lease Term        Leases
                                                                                 Increase     Contract ($)                                                     (years)

              Industrial                                              34              4.2%        1,738,531       Industrial                 24,776                7.0               12

              Office                                                  54              2.5%         772,324        Office                         9,837             4.7               31

              Large Format Retail                                      17             3.3%           204,281      Large Format Retail        22,492               6.6                11

              Total                                                  105              3.5%        2,715,136       Total                      57,105               6.2                54

Argosy Property Limited                                                      Annual Report 2025                                                                                       23
Our Leadership & Governance




Our Leadership
& Governance




Ethics & Values                                                         of all material information necessary to assess the
ARGOSY'S APPROACH                                                       Company’s performance.

Our values guide our internal conduct as well as our                    Argosy upholds the highest ethical standards, acting in good
relationships with external parties. In striving for outstanding        faith and in the best interests of shareholders at all times.
performance, we do not compromise our ethics or principles. We          The ethical and behavioural standards we expect of Directors,
place great importance on honesty, integrity, quality and trust.        officers and employees are set out in our Code of Conduct
                                                                        and Ethics. Argosy’s website contains key governance policies
Our values
                                                                        which support the delivery of the highest standards of corporate
•   Ethics – Inspiring trust in our actions by doing the right thing.   behaviour. Policies include but are not limited to:
•   Culture – Creating a fun environment that encourages                •   Code of conduct and ethics;
    inclusiveness and teamwork.
                                                                        •   Conflicts of interests;
•   Respect – Treating all stakeholders with courtesy
    and understanding.                                                  •   Reporting against the NZX code;

•   Accountability – Taking ownership and responsibility.               •   Diversity;

•   Communication – Promoting effective communication to                •   Sustainability;
    all stakeholders.                                                   •   Insider trading; and
Governance                                                              •   Shareholder communications.
Argosy will maintain the highest standards of corporate                 Performance
behaviour and accountability.
                                                                        Argosy regularly reviews the performance, skills and structure
Argosy's approach                                                       of its Board and Committees to ensure independent and
The Company is committed to fostering open and transparent              effective governance.
communications with investors, ensuring it delivers to the              More information about Argosy's governance practices is set out
highest standards and complies with the NZX listing rules.              at pages 61-68 of this report.
Argosy is proactive in meeting all its continuous disclosure
obligations to ensure that all investors are fully informed




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                                  24
ANNUAL MEETING                                                       ANNUAL RETAIL ROADSHOW STARTS




22 July
Hybrid meeting to be held in Auckland
                                                                     23 May
                                                                     12 city retail roadshow commences




Annual Meeting
Argosy’s Annual Shareholders Meeting (ASM) will be held as
a hybrid meeting on 22 July at 2pm at the Royal New Zealand
Yacht Squadron in Auckland. Argosy continues to utilise the             Key Dates
hybrid functionality of the ASM. It allows shareholders to attend       (indicative only and subject to change)
virtually and participate in all elements of the meeting including
                                                                        23 MAY 2025
questions and answers and completing all voting.
                                                                        Annual Retail Roadshow commences and ends Monday
As usual, all shareholders are encouraged to attend the meeting         16 June.
where you will have the opportunity to listen to and meet the
Board of Directors in person.                                           25 JUNE 2025
                                                                        Final quarter FY25 dividend payment.
Retail Roadshow
The 2025 Retail Roadshow schedule has been finalised. Chief             22 JULY 2025
Executive Officer Peter Mence, is planning a 12 city visit              Annual Shareholders Meeting.
of New Zealand from May to June. The Retail Roadshow
                                                                        SEPTEMBER 2025
remains an important engagement tool for Management to meet
directly with shareholders and update them on the company's             1 st Quarter FY26 dividend payment.
performance, sustainability goals and strategy.                         NOVEMBER 2025
We encourage our shareholders to attend the roadshow as we              FY26 Interim results release.
believe this will contribute to their understanding of Argosy's
                                                                        DECEMBER 2025
business and the listed property market in general.
                                                                        2 nd Quarter FY26 dividend payment.




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                     25
Our Leadership & Governance




Meet our
Board of Directors
                                               Director since July 2013
                          Jeff Morrison        Mr Morrison has 40 years of experience as a property lawyer, 29
                          Chair                of them as a commercial property partner at Russell McVeagh,
                                               and now practises on his own account. Mr Morrison is a trustee
                                               of the Spirit of Adventure and other charitable trusts and holds
                                               a number of private company directorships. Mr Morrison is
                                               a qualified lawyer with a Bachelor of Laws degree from The
                                               University of Auckland. He is also a member of the Institute of
                                               Directors in New Zealand.




                                               Director since October 2024
                          Alex Cutler          Ms Cutler, until recently the CEO and Chief Sustainability
                          Director             Officer at RDT Pacific, is a prominent figure in the property
                                               industry and a dedicated sustainability expert. Prior to her
                                               current role, Alex served as CEO of the New Zealand Green
                                               Building Council for six years. She brings extensive global
                                               experience, assisting multinational organisations in recognising
                                               the strategic importance of sustainability. Alex holds a MSc in
                                               Environmental Management from the University of Surrey, a BSc
                                               in Environmental Sciences from the University of Southampton,
                                               and is a Member of the New Zealand Institute of Directors.




                                               Director since November 2018
                          Chris Gudgeon        Mr Gudgeon has been involved in property investment,
                          Director             development and construction in New Zealand for more than 25
                                               years. He was previously Chief Executive of Kiwi Property Group
                                               and Capital Properties NZ Ltd. He is currently a director of National
                                               Infrastructure Funding and Financing Limited and Ngāti Whātua
                                               Ōrākei Whai Rawa Limited. Mr Gudgeon holds an MBA from the
                                               Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of
                                               Engineering degree from The University of Canterbury. He is a
                                               Fellow of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors and is a past
                                               President of Property Council New Zealand.




Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                                                                    26
                                               Director since August 2018
                          Stuart McLauchlan    Mr McLauchlan is a Senior Partner of GS McLauchlan & Co
                          Director             Business Advisors and Accountants, a prominent businessman
                                               and company director. He is a Director of Scenic Hotels Group
                                               Limited, Dunedin Casinos Limited, EBOS Group Limited and
                                               several other companies. Mr McLauchlan is also Chairman of
                                               the NZ Sports Hall of Fame and Scott Technology Limited. He is
                                               also a past President of the New Zealand Institute of Directors.
                                               Mr McLauchlan is a qualified accountant with a Bachelor of
                                               Commerce degree from the University of Otago, an FCA from
                                               Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand and is a
                                               Chartered Fellow of the New Zealand Institute of Directors.



                                               Director since February 2019
                          Mike Pohio           Mr Pohio has 25 years of senior executive and governance
                          Director             experience across a range of industries including property,
                                               investment, port/logistics and dairy. He is Chairman of several Iwi
                                               investment companies and a director on the board of Kiwi Group
                                               Capital. Mr Pohio holds an MBA from IMD, Lausanne, an FCA
                                               from Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand and is a
                                               Chartered Fellow of the New Zealand Institute of Directors.




                                               Director since March 2020
                          Martin Stearne       Mr Stearne has over 25 years commercial and capital markets
                          Director             experience, primarily in investment banking. He is a Senior
                                               Advisor at Montarne Limited and currently holds appointments
                                               to the NZ RegCo Advisory Panel, the Takeovers Panel and the
                                               Investment Committee of the Impact Enterprise Fund. He is a
                                               member of INFINZ and IceAngels. Mr Stearne holds a BSc (Hons)
                                               in maths and a BCom in finance from the University of Otago.
                                               He is also a member of the New Zealand Institute of Directors.




                                               Director since August 2019
                          Rachel Winder        ​Ms​Winder has over 20 years commercial property experience
                          Director              including development, strategy, portfolio management, financial
                                                management and leading teams. Her experience spans both
                                                private, corporate and government, particularly construction,
                                                telecommunications and financial services. Ms Winder has a
                                                particular interest in how property strategy can be an enabler
                                                for business performance. Currently consulting and on multiple
                                                boards, Rachel holds an MBA from the University of Otago and
                                                a Bachelor of Property from Auckland University. She is also a
                                                member of Property Council New Zealand and the New Zealand
                                                Institute of Directors.




Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                                                                    27
Our Leadership & Governance




Meet our Senior
Management Team
                                               Peter is the Chief Executive of Argosy Property Limited. An
                          Peter Mence          engineer by background, Peter has 40 years of experience
                          Chief Executive      in the property industry working with Progressive Enterprises,
                          Officer              Challenge Properties, Richard Ellis and Green and McCahill.

                                               Peter joined Armstrong Jones (NZ) in 1994 and was appointed
                                               General Manager of Argosy (then known as ING Property Trust)
                                               in 2007. Instrumental in the rebranding and internalisation
                                               of the company’s management, Peter was appointed Chief
                                               Executive of the business in 2009.

                                               Peter is a past lecturer in Advanced Property Management
                                               at The University of Auckland and is a past President of the
                                               Property Council New Zealand. He is a current Trustee of Saint
                                               Andrews Village and the New Zealand Sailing Trust.

                                               In 2013, Peter was honoured with the Stuart McIntosh award in
                                               recognition of his contribution to the University of Auckland.

                                               In 2021, Peter was honoured as the Property Council New
                                               Zealand Members’ Laureate, a lifetime membership awarded
                                               once a year to the industry’s most respected leaders.

                                               In 2023, Peter received the Supreme Award from the
                                               Property Institute.




                                               Dave joined the team in 2011 and was originally responsible for
                          Dave Fraser          the planning and execution of the management internalisation
                          Chief Financial      and Argosy’s corporatisation. He now oversees the financial
                          Officer              and corporate activities of the Company.

                                               Dave has spent over 30 years in senior financial and general
                                               management roles both in New Zealand and overseas,
                                               including six years in Japan as a senior vice president with the
                                               Jupiter Group.

                                               He has broad experience in strategic and operational planning,
                                               business development, debt restructures, equity raisings and
                                               merger and acquisitions. In addition to being a qualified
                                               Chartered Accountant, Dave has Bachelor of Commerce and
                                               Master of Business Administration degrees from The University
                                               of Auckland.




                                               To read bios of all our people please visit our website:
                                               argosy.co.nz/about-us/our-people


Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                                                                      28
Our Leadership & Governance




Financial Summmary
NET PROPERTY INCOME                                      NET DISTRIBUTABLE INCOME                                     DEBT-TO-TOTAL-ASSETS
$m                                                       cents per share                                              percentage
160                                                       10.00                                                       50


                                                           8.00                                                       40
120




                                                                     8.14


                                                                                  7.68


                                                                                         7.58
                                           116.9
                                   116.5




                                                                                                                                                                  36.5
                                                                                                                                 35.9




                                                                                                                                                                           35.7
                          112.8




                                                                                                                                                      35.1
                                                           6.00                                                       30
          106.5


                  105.1




                                                                                                  6.58


                                                                                                         6.58




                                                                                                                                             31.1
 80
                                                           4.00                                                           20

 40
                                                           2.00                                                           10


  0                                                        0.00                                                           0

         FY21     FY22    FY23    FY24     FY25                     FY21        FY22     FY23    FY24    FY25                   FY21     FY22        FY23     FY24        FY25




FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                                                      Unit of
                                                                                                FY2021          FY2022         FY2023               FY2024                FY2025
                                                                     measure

Net property income                                                     $m                      106.5            105.1          112.8                116.5                 116.9
Profit before financial income/(expenses) and other
gains/(losses) and tax                                                  $m                       95.6             93.3          102.0                104.9                 105.5
Revaluation gains on investment property                                $m                      157.7            163.7         (146.6)              (111.7)                 72.7
Profit for the year (before taxation)                                   $m                      248.4            241.2           (70.9)               (50.8)               138.1
Profit for the year (after taxation)                                    $m                      241.7            236.2           (80.8)               (54.5)               125.9
Earnings per share                                                     cents                    29.04            28.01           (9.55)               (6.43)               14.83
Gross distributable income per share                                   cents                     8.61             8.03            8.11                 7.23                 7.56
Net distributable income per share                                     cents                     8.14             7.68            7.58                 6.58                 6.58
Total assets                                                            $m                  2,156.8             2,291.5        2,212.6              2,069.0              2,162.2
Debt-to-total-assets                                                        %                    35.9             31.1            35.1                 36.5                 35.7
Net assets backing per share                                           cents                      153              174             158                  145                  153
Cash dividend per share                                                cents                     6.45             6.55            6.65                 6.65                 6.65
Shares on issue at year end                                                 m                   839.5            846.6          846.7                847.2                 856.5
Total equity                                                            $m                  1,280.6             1,472.1        1,335.7              1,228.9              1,307.8

PROPERTY METRICS
                                                                      Unit of
                                                                                                FY2021          FY2022          FY2023              FY2024                FY2025
                                                                     measure

Number of tenants                                                           no.                   157              157              158                  155                 164
Number of properties1                                                       no.                     55              53                  54                   50                   50
Average property value                                                  $m                       36.6             41.7             39.7                 39.5                42.2
Net lettable area                                                       sqm                632,872          629,449            643,693              624,814              549,235
Total book value                                                        $m                  2,010.8             2,207.5        2,144.8              1,973.8              2,109.1
Weighted average lease term                                            years                     5.51             5.67             5.39                 5.17                5.07
Occupancy factor by rental                                                  %                    99.0             98.7             99.3                 96.7                96.5
Occupancy factor by area                                                    %                    99.3             99.4             99.5                 97.9                97.3

1. Certain titles have been consolidated and treated as one. The total number of buildings excludes properties held for sale.




Argosy Property Limited                     Annual Report 2025                                                                                                                     29
   Consolidated
   Financial Statements




105 Carlton Gore Road, Auckland

   Argosy Property Limited        Annual Report 2025   30
                                               Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     32

                                               Consolidated Statement of                        33
                                               Comprehensive Income

                                               Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      34

                                               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             35

                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   36

                                               Independent Auditor's Report                     58




Argosy Property Limited   Annual Report 2025                                                    31
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 31 MARCH 2025

                                                                                                                                    Restated1
                                                                                                                          Group       Group
                                                                                                                           2025        2024
                                                                                                         Note             $000s       $000s

Non-current assets
Investment properties                                                                                        5       2,148,896     2,013,753
Derivative financial instruments                                                                             6               58       4,784
Other non-current assets                                                                                     7             3,173        283
Total non-current assets                                                                                             2,152,127     2,018,820

Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    6             1,438      1,829
Trade and other receivables                                                                                6,8             2,116      2,070
Derivative financial instruments                                                                             6              816       5,072
Other current assets                                                                                         9             5,727      5,996
                                                                                                                          10,097     14,967

Investment property classified as held for sale                                                           5, 10               –      35,200
Total current assets                                                                                                      10,097     50,167

Total assets                                                                                                 4       2,162,224     2,068,987

Shareholders' funds
Share capital                                                                                               11           829,900    820,557
Share based payments reserve                                                                                12              532         475
Retained earnings                                                                                           13           477,343    407,896
Total shareholders' funds                                                                                            1,307,775     1,228,928

Non-current liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                14           655,982    738,057
Derivative financial instruments                                                                             6            19,591     30,532
Non-current lease liabilities                                                                               25            39,692     39,826
Deferred tax                                                                                                20            15,608     11,638
Total non-current liabilities                                                                                            730,873    820,053

Current liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                14           100,000           –
Trade and other payables                                                                                    15            18,207     14,447
Taxation payable                                                                                                           1,788      1,377
Current lease liabilities                                                                                   25              134         127
Derivative financial instruments                                                                             6              571            –
Other current liabilities                                                                                   16             2,876      4,055
Total current liabilities                                                                                                123,576     20,006
Total liabilities                                                                                                        854,449    840,059
Total shareholders' funds and liabilities                                                                            2,162,224     2,068,987

For and on behalf of the Board




Jeff Morrison                                   Stuart McLauchlan
Director                                        Director

Date: 20 May 2025



1. Refer to note 3.
The notes to the accounts form part of and are to be read in conjunction with these consolidated financial statements.



Argosy Property Limited                 Annual Report 2025                                                                                  32
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2025

                                                                                                                                    Restated1
                                                                                                                          Group       Group
                                                                                                                           2025        2024
                                                                                                         Note             $000s       $000s

Gross property income from rentals                                                                                       132,732    131,015
Gross property income from expense recoveries                                                                             22,995      22,136
Property expenses                                                                                                        (38,845)    (36,690)
Net property income                                                                                          4           116,882    116,461

Administration expenses                                                                                     17            11,412      11,571
Profit before financial income/(expenses), other gains/(losses) and tax                                                  105,470    104,890

Financial income/(expenses)
Interest expense                                                                                            18           (41,599)    (43,966)
Gain/(loss) on derivative financial instruments held for trading                                                           1,387        637
Interest income                                                                                                             257         315
                                                                                                                         (39,955)    (43,014)
Other gains/(losses)
Revaluation gains/(losses) on investment property                                                            5            72,666    (111,691)
Realised gains/(losses) on disposal of investment property                                                   5               (41)       (988)
                                                                                                                          72,625    (112,679)

Profit/(loss) before income tax attributable to shareholders                                                             138,140     (50,803)

Taxation expense                                                                                            19            12,284       3,691

Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/(loss) after tax                                                            125,856     (54,494)

All amounts are from continuing operations.

Earnings/(loss) per share
Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share (cents)                                                         22             14.83       (6.43)




1. Refer to note 3.
The notes to the accounts form part of and are to be read in conjunction with these consolidated financial statements.



Argosy Property Limited                 Annual Report 2025                                                                                  33
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2025

                                                                                                                                     Restated1
                                                                                                                          Group        Group
                                                                                                                           2025         2024
                                                                                                         Note             $000s        $000s

Shareholders' funds at the beginning of the year                                                                     1,228,928      1,335,695
Restatement                                                                                                  3                 –       3,773
Restated shareholders' funds at the beginning of the year                                                            1,228,928      1,339,468

Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                         125,856     (54,494)

Contributions by shareholders
Issue of shares from Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                                             11             9,371            –
Issue costs of shares                                                                                       11               (28)           –
Dividends to shareholders                                                                                   13           (56,409)    (56,336)
Equity settled share based payments                                                                         12                57         290
Shareholders' funds at the end of the year                                                                           1,307,775      1,228,928




1. Refer to note 3.
The notes to the accounts form part of and are to be read in conjunction with these consolidated financial statements.



Argosy Property Limited                 Annual Report 2025                                                                                   34
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2025

                                                                                                                          Group      Group
                                                                                                                           2025       2024
                                                                                                         Note             $000s      $000s

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash was provided from:
Property income                                                                                                          155,687    155,527
Interest received                                                                                                           257        315

Cash was applied to:
Property expenses                                                                                                        (37,402)   (36,809)
Interest paid                                                                                                            (38,749)   (41,104)
Interest paid for ground lease                                                                                            (1,998)    (2,004)
Employee benefits                                                                                                         (7,272)    (6,485)
Taxation paid                                                                                                             (7,383)    (4,427)
Other expenses                                                                                                            (4,177)    (4,828)
Net cash from/(used in) operating activities                                                                21            58,963     60,185

Cash flows from investing activities
Cash was provided from:
Sale of properties, deposits and deferrals                                                                                35,069     57,167

Cash was applied to:
Capital additions on investment properties                                                                               (57,418)   (35,843)
Capitalised interest on investment properties                                                                             (3,234)    (1,985)
Purchase of properties, deposits and deferrals                                                                            (2,928)       (12)
Net cash from/(used in) investing activities                                                                             (28,511)    19,327

Cash flows from financing activities
Cash was provided from:
Debt drawdown                                                                                               14            71,969     49,384

Cash was applied to:
Repayment of debt                                                                                           14           (54,300)   (71,949)
Dividends paid to shareholders net of reinvestments                                                                      (47,558)   (56,670)
Issue costs of shares                                                                                                        (14)         –
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                             (127)      (121)
Bond costs                                                                                                                   (70)       (70)
Facility refinancing fee                                                                                                   (743)      (314)
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities                                                                             (30,843)   (79,740)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                       (391)      (228)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                                   1,829      2,057
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                                                         1,438      1,829




The notes to the accounts form part of and are to be read in conjunction with these consolidated financial statements.



Argosy Property Limited                 Annual Report 2025                                                                                 35
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1. Reporting entity                                                 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Argosy Property Limited (APL or the Company) is an FMC              The statement of cash flows is prepared on a GST exclusive
Reporting Entity under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013       basis, which is consistent with the statement of comprehensive
and the Financial Reporting Act 2013. APL is incorporated under     income. The following terms are used in the statement of
the Companies Act 1993 and domiciled in New Zealand.                cash flows:

The Company's principal activity is investment in properties        Operating activities are the principal revenue producing
which include Industrial, Office and Large Format Retail            activities of the Group and other activities that are not investing
properties, predominantly in Auckland and Wellington.               or financing activities.

These financial statements are the consolidation of APL and its     Investing activities are the acquisition and disposal of
subsidiaries (the Group).                                           long term assets and other investments not included in
                                                                    cash equivalents.

2. Basis of preparation                                             Financing activities are activities that result in changes
                                                                    in the size and composition of the contributed equity and
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
                                                                    borrowings of the entity. Termination payments for swap
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance
                                                                    contracts, establishment fees, extension fees and arranger fees
with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand
                                                                    are considered financing activities as they effect a change in the
(NZ GAAP). The accounting policies applied in these financial
                                                                    company’s borrowing arrangements.
statements comply with New Zealand equivalents to IFRS
Accounting Standards (NZ IFRS) and other applicable Financial       Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and
Reporting Standards issued and effective at the time of             demand deposits. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on
preparing these statements as applicable to the Company as          demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash
a profit-oriented entity. These Group financial statements also     management are included as a component of cash and cash
comply with IFRS Accounting Standards.                              equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.

These financial statements were approved by the Board of
Directors on 20 May 2025.
                                                                    3. Material accounting policies
                                                                    CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
BASIS OF MEASUREMENT                                                Accounting policies and methods of computation have been
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical       applied consistently to all periods and by all Group entities.
cost basis except for derivative financial instruments and
                                                                    RESTATEMENT
investment properties which are measured at fair value.
                                                                    Historically, Argosy has recognised a deferred tax liability for
USE OF ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS                                     certain costs capitalised to investment property that were
                                                                    under development. Whilst a temporary difference does arise
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with NZ
                                                                    in relation to these costs the deferred tax consequences were
IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates
                                                                    calculated on the basis that the economic benefits embodied
that affect the application of policies and reported amount of
                                                                    in these costs would be consumed over time. Paragraph
assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The area involving
                                                                    51(C) of NZ IAS 12 includes a rebuttable presumption that
a higher degree of complexity and where assumptions and
                                                                    the carrying amount of investment property, measured using
estimates are significant to the financial statements is note 5
                                                                    the fair value model in NZ IAS 40, will be recovered through
- valuation of investment property.
                                                                    sale. Accordingly, unless the presumption is rebutted, the
                                                                    measurement of the deferred tax liability or deferred tax asset
FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY
                                                                    should reflect the tax consequences of recovering the carrying
These financial statements are presented in New Zealand             amount of the investment property entirely through sale. The
dollars which is the Company’s functional currency and have         Group has not rebutted this presumption, and because there
been rounded to the nearest thousand dollars ($000).                are no tax consequences on disposal of the property related to
                                                                    these costs, no deferred tax liability is recognised.
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
                                                                    The effect of this matter has been recognised retrospectively
The Group’s financial statements incorporate the financial
                                                                    in the comparative figures with a reduction in the deferred tax
statements of APL and its controlled subsidiaries as set out
                                                                    liability of $4.6 million, a decrease in tax expense of $0.8 million
in note 24. Control is achieved when the Company has power
                                                                    and an increase in retained earnings as at 1 April 2024 of
over the investee; is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
                                                                    $4.6 million. As a result, comparative loss per share and diluted
from its involvement with the investee, and has the ability
                                                                    loss per share decreased by 0.10 cents for the financial year
to use its power to affect its returns. The results of the
                                                                    ending 31 March 2024. There is no effect on the statement of
subsidiaries are included in the consolidated statement of
                                                                    cash flow, investment property assets or the non-GAAP AFFO /
comprehensive income from the date of acquisition which is
                                                                    distributable income disclosures.
the date the Company became entitled to income from the
subsidiaries acquired. All significant intercompany transactions
are eliminated on consolidation.




Argosy Property Limited            Annual Report 2025                                                                                36
3. Material accounting policies (continued)
STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE
At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the Group has not applied any new and revised NZ IFRS standards and
amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective.

NZ IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (NZ IFRS 18) will replace NZ IAS 1 Presentation of Financial
Statements. NZ IFRS 18 has been issued and will be effective from the period commencing 1 April 2027. The Group has not yet
assessed the impact of NZ IFRS 18.


4. Segment information
The principal business activity of the Group is to invest in, and actively manage, properties in New Zealand. NZ IFRS 8 Operating
Segments requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports about components of the Group that
are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker, being the Chief Executive Officer, in order to allocate resources to
segments and assess their performance.

The information reported to the Group’s Chief Executive Officer includes investment property information aggregated into three
business sectors, Industrial, Office and Large Format Retail, based on what the occupants actual or intended use is. Segment profit
represents profit earned by each segment including allocation of identifiable revaluation gains/(losses) on investment properties
and gains/(losses) on disposal of investment properties.

The following is an analysis of the Group’s results by reportable segments.


                                                     Industrial                    Office              Large Format Retail           Total
                                                                                                                                             Restated
                                                  2025          2024          2025           2024          2025        2024      2025           2024
                                                 $000s         $000s         $000s          $000s         $000s       $000s     $000s          $000s

Segment profit/(loss)
Net property income1                            54,977        54,853        48,955        48,797         12,950       12,811   116,882    116,461
Realised gains/(losses) on disposal
of investment properties                            (39)          (818)           (2)        (297)                –     127        (41)         (988)
                                                54,938        54,035        48,953        48,500         12,950       12,938   116,841    115,473
Interest on ground lease                               –              –     (1,998)         (2,004)               –       –     (1,998)       (2,004)
Revaluation gains/(losses) on
investment properties                           60,566      (51,235)          4,109      (49,899)          7,991 (10,557)       72,666    (111,691)
Total segment profit/(loss)2                  115,504          2,800        51,064          (3,403)      20,941        2,381   187,509         1,778
Unallocated:
Administration expenses                                                                                                        (11,412)      (11,571)
Net interest expense                                                                                                           (39,344)      (41,647)
Gain/(loss) on derivative financial instruments held for trading                                                                 1,387           637
Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                                                138,140       (50,803)
Taxation expense                                                                                                               (12,284)       (3,691)
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                                     125,856       (54,494)

1. Net property income consists of revenue generated from external tenants less property operating expenditure.
2. There were no inter-segment sales during the year (31 March 2024: Nil).




Argosy Property Limited                    Annual Report 2025                                                                                       37
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

4. Segment information (continued)

                                      Industrial                  Office           Large Format Retail               Total
                                     2025           2024      2025          2024      2025       2024          2025               2024
                                    $000s          $000s     $000s         $000s     $000s      $000s         $000s              $000s

Segment assets
Current assets                      6,494           3,113     3,085        3,456        250        416         9,829             6,985
Investment properties          1,128,870     1,014,900 815,326 803,403             204,700 195,450 2,148,896                 2,013,753
Non-current assets
classified as held for sale              –         35,200         –           –           –           –             –           35,200
Total segment assets           1,135,364     1,053,213 818,411 806,859             204,950 195,866 2,158,725                 2,055,938
Unallocated assets                                                                                             3,499            13,049
Total assets                                                                                              2,162,224          2,068,987


                                      Industrial                  Office           Large Format Retail          Restated Total
                                     2025           2024      2025          2024      2025       2024          2025               2024
                                    $000s          $000s     $000s         $000s     $000s      $000s         $000s              $000s

Segment liabilities
Current liabilities                 9,359           4,079     2,757        4,659      1,050        732       13,166              9,470
Non-current liabilities                  –               –   39,692    39,826             –           –      39,692             39,826
Total segment liabilities           9,359           4,079    42,449    44,485         1,050        732       52,858             49,296
Unallocated liabilities                                                                                     801,591            790,763
Total liabilities                                                                                           854,449            840,059

For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments, all assets are allocated
to reportable segments other than cash and cash equivalents, derivatives, other non-current assets and other minor current
assets that cannot be allocated to particular segments. All liabilities are allocated to reportable segments other than borrowings,
derivatives, tax liabilities and other minor current liabilities that cannot be allocated to particular segments.


5. Investment properties


    ACCOUNTING POLICY – INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

    Investment property is property held to earn rental income.

    Investment property is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at fair value with any change therein recognised
    in profit or loss.

    Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging operating leases and lease incentives granted are added to the
    carrying amount of the leased asset.

    In accordance with the valuation policy of the Group, complete property valuations are carried out at least annually by
    independent registered valuers. The fair values are based on market values being the estimated amount for which a property
    could be exchanged on the date of the valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction
    after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion.

    The valuations are prepared using a combination of the Capitalisation of Contract Income, Capitalisation of Market Income
    and Discounted Cash Flow methodologies. Discounted Cash Flow methodology is based on the estimated rental cash flows
    expected to be received from the property adjusted by a discount rate that appropriately reflects the risks inherent in the
    expected cash flows.

    Following the adoption of NZ IFRS 16 on 1 April 2019, a right-of-use asset and investment were recognised on the ground
    lease that exists over 39 Market Place, Viaduct Harbour, Auckland.

    Investment properties are derecognised when they have been disposed of and any gains or losses incurred on disposal are
    recognised in profit or loss in the year of derecognition.

    Borrowing costs directly attributable to property under development are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets.




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                38
5. Investment properties (continued)

                                                                                                                Large
                                                                      Industrial           Office        Format Retail           Group
                                                                          2025             2025                  2025             2025
                                                                         $000s            $000s               $000s              $000s

Movement in investment properties
Balance at 1 April                                                  1,014,900          803,403               195,450        2,013,753
Capitalised costs                                                       53,703            8,217                 1,235           63,155
Change in fair value                                                    60,566            4,109                 7,991           72,666
Change in capitalised leasing costs                                         278            (356)                   (18)             (96)
Change in lease incentives                                                 (577)             (47)                   42            (582)
Investment properties at 31 March                                   1,128,870          815,326               204,700        2,148,896
Less lease liability (39 Market Place)                                         –        (39,826)                        –     (39,826)
Investment properties at 31 March excluding NZ IFRS 16              1,128,870          775,500               204,700        2,109,070
lease adjustments


                                                                                                                Large
                                                                      Industrial           Office        Format Retail           Group
                                                                          2024             2024                 2024              2024
                                                                         $000s            $000s               $000s              $000s

Movement in investment properties
Balance at 1 April                                                  1,127,775          851,174               205,950        2,184,899
Capitalised costs                                                       12,163           23,051                    204          35,418
Transfer to property held for sale                                     (35,200)                –                        –     (35,200)
Disposals                                                              (37,850)         (19,857)                        –     (57,707)
Change in fair value                                                   (51,235)         (49,899)              (10,557)       (111,691)
Change in capitalised leasing costs                                        (206)           (106)                   (40)           (352)
Change in lease incentives                                                 (547)           (960)                  (107)         (1,614)
Investment properties at 31 March                                   1,014,900          803,403               195,450        2,013,753
Less lease liability (39 Market Place)                                         –        (39,953)                        –     (39,953)
Investment properties at 31 March excluding NZ IFRS 16              1,014,900          763,450               195,450        1,973,800
lease adjustments

Investment properties are classified as Level 3 (inputs are unobservable for the asset or liability) under the fair value hierarchy on the
basis that adjustments must be made to observable data of similar properties to determine the fair value of an individual property.

The Group holds the freehold to all investment properties other than 39 Market Place, Viaduct Harbour, Auckland.


                                                                                                              Group              Group
                                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                                              $000s              $000s

Disposal of properties
8 Forge Way, Mount Wellington, Auckland                                                                      35,200                   –
10 Transport Place, East Tamaki, Auckland                                                                           –           37,850
302 Great South Road, Greenlane, Auckland                                                                           –           10,978
308 Great South Road, Greenlane, Auckland                                                                           –            8,879
                                                                                                             35,200             57,707
Sale proceeds of properties disposed of                                                                      35,200             57,900
Net gain/(loss) on disposal                                                                                         –              193

Selling costs                                                                                                    (41)           (1,181)

Total gain/(loss) on disposal                                                                                    (41)             (988)




Argosy Property Limited               Annual Report 2025                                                                                39
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

5. Investment properties (continued)
All investment properties were independently valued as at 31 March 2025 in accordance with the Group's valuation policy. The
valuations were prepared by independent registered valuers Colliers International New Zealand Limited, CBRE Limited and Jones
Lang LaSalle. The total value per valuer was as follows:


                                                                                                                                    Group                 Group
                                                                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                    $000s                 $000s

Colliers International New Zealand Limited                                                                                    1,699,300                  708,750
CBRE Limited                                                                                                                     226,570            1,265,050
Jones Lang LaSalle                                                                                                               183,200                       –
                                                                                                                              2,109,070             1,973,800

Investment properties are stated at fair value by independent valuers supported by market evidence of property sale transactions
and leasing activity. These valuations are reviewed by the Asset Management team within Argosy. The major inputs and
assumptions that are used in the valuation that require judgement include forecasts of the current and expected future market
rentals and growth, maintenance and capital expenditure requirements, an assessment of yields, discount rates, occupancy, leasing
costs and weighted average lease terms.

In deriving a market value under each approach, all assumptions are based, where possible, on market based evidence and
transactions for properties with similar locations, conditions and quality of construction and fitout.

Generally as occupancy and weighted average lease terms increase, yields firm, resulting in increased fair values for investment
properties. A movement in any of these assumptions could result in a significant change in fair value.

Investment property metrics for the year ended 31 March 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                     Industrial              Office Large Format Retail                     Total

Contract yield1                                          - Average                      5.54%               6.32%                     6.89%                6.00%

Market yield1                                            - Average                      6.41%               7.44%                     6.64%                6.85%

Occupancy (rent)                                                                      100.0%                92.8%                   100.0%                 96.5%
Occupancy (net lettable area)                                                         100.0%                88.3%                   100.0%                 97.3%

Weighted average lease term (years)                                                         5.6                 4.5                       5.0                5.1
No. of buildings2                                                                            33                 13                          4                 50

Fair value total ($000s)                                                          1,128,870             775,500                    204,700          2,109,070

1. 224 Neilson Street and 8-14 Mt Richmond Drive have been excluded from the yield metrics as these have been valued on the basis of completion of the
   developments currently underway.
2. Certain titles have been consolidated and treated as one.


Investment property metrics for the year ended 31 March 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                     Industrial              Office Large Format Retail                     Total

Contract yield1                                          - Average                      5.54%               6.51%                     6.86%                6.05%

Market yield1                                            - Average                      6.43%               7.13%                     6.66%                6.73%

Occupancy (rent)                                                                        99.1%               94.0%                   100.0%                 96.7%
Occupancy (net lettable area)                                                           99.1%               92.8%                   100.0%                 97.9%

Weighted average lease term (years)                                                         5.9                 5.1                       2.5                5.2
No. of buildings2                                                                            33                 13                          4                 50

Fair value total ($000s)                                                          1,014,900             763,450                    195,450          1,973,800

1. 224 Neilson Street has been excluded from the yield metrics as it has been valued on the basis of completion of the development currently underway.
2. Certain titles have been consolidated and treated as one.




Argosy Property Limited                    Annual Report 2025                                                                                                   40
6. Financial instruments


   ACCOUNTING POLICY - NON-DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   Non-derivative financial instruments comprise trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, borrowings
   (comprising of interest bearing liabilities and lease liabilities) and trade and other payables.

   Non-derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value plus directly attributable costs. Subsequently these
   instruments are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The carrying values of these financial
   instruments are a reasonable approximation of their fair values.

   The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of
   allocating interest income over the relevant period (including all fees and points paid or received between the parties to
   the contract that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
   through the expected life of the financial instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the
   financial instrument.

   ACCOUNTING POLICY - DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Interest rate swaps are entered into to manage interest rate exposure. For interest rate swaps, the net differential paid or
   received is recognised as a component of interest expense in the profit or loss.

   Interest rate swaps are initially recognised at zero at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are remeasured to their
   fair value at subsequent reporting dates. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately.

   Interest rate swaps are presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument
   is more than 12 months and it is not expected to be realised or settled within 12 months. Other interest rate swaps are
   presented as current assets or current liabilities.




The Group has the following financial instruments:


                                                             Derivatives at
                                                                 fair value    Financial assets               Financial
                                                            through profit/          measured     liabilities measured
                                                                     (loss)   at amortised cost      at amortised cost             Total
Group 2025                                                          $000s               $000s                   $000s             $000s

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                –              1,438                        –            1,438
Derivative financial instruments (current and term)                   874                    –                       –              874
Trade and other receivables                                              –              2,116                        –            2,116
                                                                      874               3,554                        –            4,428

Financial liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities (current and term)                          –                   –             (755,982)        (755,982)
Trade and other payables                                                 –                   –               (18,207)         (18,207)
Derivative financial instruments (current and term)               (20,162)                   –                       –        (20,162)
Lease liabilities (current and term)                                     –                   –               (39,826)         (39,826)
Other current liabilities                                                –                   –                (2,876)          (2,876)
                                                                  (20,162)                   –             (816,891)        (837,053)




Argosy Property Limited                Annual Report 2025                                                                                  41
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

6. Financial instruments (continued)

                                                             Derivatives at
                                                                 fair value    Financial assets                 Financial
                                                            through profit/          measured       liabilities measured
                                                                     (loss)   at amortised cost        at amortised cost           Total
Group 2024                                                          $000s               $000s                     $000s           $000s

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                –               1,829                         –          1,829
Derivative financial instruments (current and term)                 9,856                     –                        –          9,856
Trade and other receivables                                              –               2,070                         –          2,070
                                                                    9,856                3,899                         –         13,755

Financial liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities                                             –                    –               (738,057)       (738,057)
Trade and other payables                                                 –                    –                (14,447)         (14,447)
Derivative financial instruments (current and term)               (30,532)                    –                        –        (30,532)
Lease liabilities (current and term)                                     –                    –                (39,953)         (39,953)
Other current liabilities                                                –                    –                  (4,055)         (4,055)
                                                                  (30,532)                    –               (796,512)       (827,044)

RISK MANAGEMENT
The use of financial instruments exposes the Group to credit, interest rate and liquidity risks. The Group’s overall risk management
programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s
financial performance.

Credit risk
Credit risk relates to the risk that the counterparty to a financial instrument may default on its obligations to the Group, resulting in
financial loss.

The Group's main exposure to credit risk arises from trade receivables and transactions with financial institutions, and is
summarised in the preceding table. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk in specific receivables due to receivables
mainly comprising a large number of tenants in the Group’s property portfolio and the Group policy to limit the amount of credit
exposure to any financial institution.

The Group manages its exposure to credit risk from trade receivables through its credit policy which includes performing credit
evaluations on customers requiring credit. The Group does not hold any collateral in respect of balances past due. Details of
impairment losses relating to trade receivables together with the ageing of receivables is provided in note 8.

The risk from financial institutions is managed by placing cash and deposits with high credit quality financial institutions only. Cash
deposits are placed with ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited.




Argosy Property Limited                Annual Report 2025                                                                                   42
6. Financial instruments (continued)
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk arises from long term borrowings (refer note 14). Variable rate borrowings expose the Group to cash flow interest
rate risk while fixed rate borrowings expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

The Group manages its exposure to interest rate risk through derivatives in the form of both floating-to-fixed and fixed-to-floating
interest rate swaps. These derivatives provide an economic hedge against variability in cash flows as a result of changes in variable
interest rates on borrowings.

The Group’s policy is to maintain a range of approximately 40-100% of its borrowings in fixed interest rate instruments unless
otherwise instructed by the Board of Directors. At year end, 62.6% of borrowings, after the effect of associated swaps, were at fixed
rates (2024: 70.9%).

Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with its financial liabilities that
are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. Liquidity risk mainly arises from the Group’s obligations in respect of long
term borrowings, derivatives and trade and other payables. The Group aims to maintain flexibility in funding by keeping committed
credit lines available (refer note 14).

The expected undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s financial liabilities by remaining contractual maturity at the balance date is
as follows:


                                                      Carrying        Less than
                                                      Amount             1 year         1-2 years         2-3 years   3-4 years   4-5 years    5+ years
Group 2025                                             $000s            $000s             $000s             $000s       $000s       $000s       $000s

Financial liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities1                       (755,982)        (135,239)        (130,031)           (357,033)   (224,883)   (102,249)          –
Trade and other payables                              (18,207)         (18,207)                   –              –           –           –           –
Derivative financial instruments                      (20,162)           (3,145)          (4,077)           (2,582)     (1,135)        (91)         17
Lease liabilities                                     (39,826)           (2,125)          (2,125)           (2,125)     (2,125)     (2,125)   (109,889)
Other current liabilities                               (2,876)          (2,876)                  –              –           –           –           –
                                                    (837,053)        (161,592)        (136,233)           (361,740)   (228,143)   (104,465)   (109,872)

1. The undiscounted cash flows on interest bearing liabilities includes interest, margin and line fees.


                                                      Carrying        Less than
                                                      Amount             1 year         1-2 years         2-3 years   3-4 years   4-5 years    5+ years
Group 2024                                             $000s            $000s             $000s             $000s       $000s       $000s       $000s

Financial liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities1                       (738,057)          (38,997)       (345,926)           (195,988)   (245,596)          –           –
Trade and other payables                              (14,447)         (14,447)                   –              –           –           –           –
Derivative financial instruments                      (30,532)           (6,964)          (6,040)           (4,491)     (2,177)       (514)          –
Lease liabilities                                     (39,953)           (2,125)          (2,125)           (2,125)     (2,125)     (2,125)   (112,014)
Other current liabilities                               (4,055)          (4,055)                  –              –           –           –           –
                                                    (827,044)          (66,588)       (354,091)           (202,604)   (249,898)     (2,639)   (112,014)

1. The undiscounted cash flows on interest bearing liabilities includes interest, margin and line fees.


To manage the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk on variable rate instruments, the Group has implemented a hedging strategy
that uses interest rate swaps that have a range of maturities. At 31 March 2025, the Group had active interest rate derivatives (both
payer and receiver swaps) with a notional contract amount of $700 million (2024: $750 million). The active derivatives mature over
the next 6 years (2024: 4 years). Payer swaps have fixed interest rates ranging from 1.37% to 5.04% (2024: 1.37% to 4.90%). Swaps
with a notional amount of $170 million have been entered into but are not yet effective at 31 March 2025 (2024: $255 million).

Interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and discounted based on applicable yield
curves derived from observable market interest rates. Accepted market best practice valuation methodology using mid-market
interest rates at the balance date is used, provided from sources perceived to be reliable and accurate. Interest rate swaps have been
classified into Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy on the basis that the valuation techniques used to determine the values at balance
date use observable inputs.

The net liability for derivative financial instruments as at 31 March 2025 is $19.3 million (2024: $20.7 million). The mark-to-market
decrease in the liability for derivative financial instruments is a result of the movement in the interest rate curve during the
financial year.



Argosy Property Limited                      Annual Report 2025                                                                                       43
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

6. Financial instruments (continued)
Sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity analysis below details the potential future impact of reasonably possible changes in the observable inputs over the
next financial period. It has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for both derivative and non-derivative financial
instruments at the reporting date.


                                                                                                                                     Group                 Group
                                                                                                                                      2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                Impact on             Impact on
                                                                                                                              Profit & Loss         Profit & Loss
                                                                                                                                     $000s                 $000s

Increase of 100 basis points                                                                                                          4,522                    359
Decrease of 100 basis points                                                                                                         (4,961)                 (498)


7. Other non-current assets


    ACCOUNTING POLICY - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

    All property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
    losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

    At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its assets to determine whether there is
    any indication that those assets have suffered impairment. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
    asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the
    recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which
    the asset belongs.

    An impairment is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                       Group                Group
                                                                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                       $000s                $000s

Property, plant and equipment and software                                                                                                232                  283
Deposit paid on acquisition of investment property1                                                                                    2,941                         –
Total other non-current assets                                                                                                         3,173                   283

1. This relates to the deposit paid and other costs associated with the acquisition of 291 East Tamaki Road, East Tamaki, Auckland. This property is subject to an
   unconditional sale and purchase agreement for $56.0 million. Settlement is expected to take place in August 2025.


There was no impairment in the current year (2024: Nil).




Argosy Property Limited                     Annual Report 2025                                                                                                       44
8. Trade and other receivables


   ACCOUNTING POLICY - TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

   Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
   effective interest method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of trade receivables is established
   to reflect an estimate of amounts that the Group will not be able to collect in accordance with the original terms of the
   receivables. The amount of the provision is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of
   estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate.




                                                                                                            Group              Group
                                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                                            $000s              $000s

Trade receivables                                                                                           2,130              1,717
Loss allowance                                                                                               (135)               (14)
                                                                                                            1,995              1,703

Amount receivable from insurance proceeds                                                                        –                31
Other receivables                                                                                              121              336
Total trade and other receivables                                                                           2,116              2,070

The average credit period on receivables is 3.3 days (2024: 3.1 days). The Group is entitled to charge interest on trade receivables
as determined in each individual lease agreement. Interest is charged on receivables over 90 days on a case by case basis. The
Group has provided for 50% of all receivables over 90 days unless there is information suggesting that particular amounts are
recoverable. This amount increases to 100% of any receivable that is determined as not being recoverable. Trade receivables
less than 90 days are provided for based on estimated non-recoverable amounts, determined by reference to relevant factors,
conditions, and information at reporting date including past default experience.

Aged past due but not impaired trade receivables
                                                                                                             Group             Group
                                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                                             $000s             $000s

0-30 days past due                                                                                             186                64
31-60 days past due                                                                                              44               11
Beyond 60 days past due                                                                                        175                     5
                                                                                                               405                80

Included in the Group's trade receivable balance are debtors with a carrying amount of $405,737 (2024: $79,629), which are past
due at the reporting date, for which the Group has not provided as there has not been a significant change in credit quality and the
amounts are still considered recoverable.

Movement in the loss allowance
                                                                                                             Group             Group
                                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                                             $000s             $000s

Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                             14               50
(Decrease)/increase in allowance recognised in profit or loss                                                  121               (36)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                 135                14


9. Other current assets
                                                                                                             Group             Group
                                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                                             $000s             $000s

Prepayments                                                                                                  4,327             5,348
Other                                                                                                        1,400               648
Total other current assets                                                                                   5,727             5,996



Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                 45
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


10. Property held for sale
No property was subject to an unconditional sale and purchase agreement at balance date (31 March 2024: 8 Forge Way, Panmure,
Auckland ($35.2 million)).


11. Share capital
                                                                                                           Group             Group
                                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                                           $000s             $000s

Balance at the beginning of the period                                                                  820,557           820,069
Issue of shares from Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                                            9,371                   –
Issue costs of shares                                                                                         (28)                 –
Issue of shares from equity settled share based payments                                                        –              488
Total share capital                                                                                     829,900           820,557

The number of shares on issue at 31 March 2025 was 856,546,809 (2024: 847,168,744).

All shares are fully paid and rank equally with one vote attached and carry the right to dividends.


Reconciliation of number of shares                                                                          Group            Group
(in 000s of shares)                                                                                          2025             2024

Balance at the beginning of the period                                                                   847,169          846,724
Issue of shares from Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                                             9,378                  –
Issue of shares from share based payments                                                                        –             445
Total number of shares on issue                                                                          856,547          847,169

Capital risk management
The Group's capital includes shares, reserves and retained earnings with total shareholders' funds equal to $1,307.8 million (2024:
$1,228.9 million restated).

The Group maintains a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain the Group's
future on-going activities and development of the business. The impact of the level of capital on equity holder returns is also
recognised along with the need to maintain a balance between the higher returns that might be possible with greater gearing and the
advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position.

The Board's intention is to maintain the debt-to-total-assets ratio between 30-40% in the medium term. The Group's banking
covenants require that the aggregate principal amount of the loan outstanding does not exceed 50% of the fair value of property at
all times. All banking covenants have been met during the year.

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising
the return to stakeholders through optimisation of debt and equity. The Group's policies in respect of capital management and
allocation are reviewed regularly by the Board of Directors. There have been no material changes in the Group's overall strategy
during the year.




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                              46
12. Share based payments reserve


    ACCOUNTING POLICY - SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

    The fair value of performance share rights (PSRs) are recognised as an expense in the statement of financial performance
    over the vesting period of the rights with a corresponding entry to the share based payments reserve.




PSRs were offered to senior executives, commencing 1 April 2015. Under the scheme, PSRs are issued to participants which give
them the right to receive ordinary shares in the Company after a three year period, subject to certain vesting and other conditions
being met. The vesting of the PSRs is subject to the Company achieving a positive total shareholder return (measured against the
Company's share price on the date of the issue of the PSRs, and including dividends) over a three year measurement period. The
total number which actually vest will be dependent on the relative ranking of the Company's total shareholder returns against a
comparator group of listed entities determined by the Board from the S&P/NZX All Real Estate Gross Index.

The total expense recognised in the year to 31 March 2025, in relation to equity settled share based payments was $57,300 (2024:
$290,405). No PSRs (2024: 444,849) vested during the year.


                                                    Granted         Weighted       Balance at       Vested      Forfeited    Balance at
                                                   during the        average     the beginning     during the   during the   the end of
Grant date                 Vesting date              year1         issue price    of the period1    period1      period1     the period1

2025
1 April 2024                1 April 2027               501,149       $1.13        1,076,938            –        (281,621)2   1,296,466
2024
1 April 2023                1 April 2026               495,473       $1.10        1,026,314        (444,849)       –3        1,076,938
2023
1 April 2022                1 April 2025               299,844       $1.38        1,026,806        (173,293)    (127,043)4   1,026,314
2022
1 April 2021                1 April 2024               281,621       $1.44        1,117,874        (318,573)    (54,116)5    1,026,806

1. This is the number of PSRs.
2. The rights forfeited relate to those issued on 1 April 2021.
3. The rights forfeited relate to those issued on 1 April 2020.
4. The rights forfeited relate to those issued on 1 April 2019.
5. The rights forfeited relate to those issued on 1 April 2018.


13. Retained earnings
                                                                                                                              Restated
                                                                                                                  Group         Group
                                                                                                                   2025          2024
                                                                                                                  $000s         $000s

Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                            407,896       518,726
Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                                      125,856       (54,494)
Dividends to shareholders                                                                                       (56,409)      (56,336)
Total retained earnings                                                                                         477,343       407,896

The annual dividend paid to shareholders was 6.6500 cents per share, paid in four quarterly payments of 1.6625 cents per share
(2024: annual dividend paid was 6.6500 cents per share).

After 31 March 2025, the final dividend was declared. The dividend has not been provided for. Refer to note 27.




Argosy Property Limited                       Annual Report 2025                                                                       47
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


14. Interest bearing liabilities


    ACCOUNTING POLICY - INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES

    All interest bearing liabilities are initially measured at fair value net of transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
    using the effective interest method.

    Borrowing costs are the costs incurred in establishing the bank facility and fixed rate bonds. These costs are amortised over
    the life of the instrument at the effective interest rate.




                                                                                                                                 Group                Group
                                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                 $000s                $000s

Non-current liabilities
Syndicated bank loans                                                                                                         433,271              415,601
Fixed rate green bonds                                                                                                        225,000              325,000
Borrowing costs                                                                                                                 (2,289)              (2,544)
                                                                                                                              655,982              738,057
Current liabilities
Fixed rate green bonds1                                                                                                       100,000                         –
                                                                                                                              100,000                         –

Total interest bearing liabilities                                                                                            755,982              738,057
Weighted average interest rate on interest bearing liabilities
(inclusive of bonds, interest rate swaps, margins and line fees)                                                                 5.11%                5.59%

1. ARG010 fixed rate green bonds are due to mature on 27 March 2026. Given the maturity date is within 12 months the ARG010 bonds have been classified as a
   current liability.These interest bearing liabilities will be refinanced later in the financial year ending 31 March 2026.


                                                                                                                                 Group                Group
                                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                 $000s                $000s

Total interest bearing liabilities at the beginning of the year                                                               738,057              759,991
Drawdowns from syndicated bank loans                                                                                            71,969               49,384
Repayments to syndicated bank loans                                                                                           (54,300)             (71,949)
Additional refinancing fee on interest bearing liabilities                                                                         (813)                (383)
Refinancing fee on interest bearing liabilities amortised during the year                                                        1,069                1,014
Total interest bearing liabilities at the end of the year                                                                     755,982              738,057

Syndicated bank loans

                                                                                                                                  Group                Group
                                                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                  $000s                $000s

ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited                                                                                                    58,271               65,982
Bank of New Zealand                                                                                                             60,000                        –
Commonwealth Bank of Australia                                                                                                  75,000               34,400
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China                                                                                         90,000               90,000
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited                                                                                   –            54,400
Westpac New Zealand Limited                                                                                                    150,000              170,819
Total syndicated bank loans                                                                                                    433,271              415,601




Argosy Property Limited                   Annual Report 2025                                                                                                  48
14. Interest bearing liabilities (continued)
As at 31 March 2025, the Group had a syndicated revolving facility with ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited, Bank of New Zealand,
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China and Westpac New Zealand Limited for $525.0 million
(31 March 2024: $525.0 million) secured by way of mortgage over the investment properties of the Group.


                                Group                                                     Group
                                 2025                                                      2024
                                $000s                                                     $000s

                                 Limit                        Maturity Date                Limit                    Maturity Date
Tranche A                      210,000                        1 October 2027              160,000                    1 April 2025
Tranche B                      215,000                        1 October 2028              60,000                    1 October 2025
Tranche C                            -                              -                     115,000                   1 October 2027
Tranche D                      100,000                        1 October 2029              110,000                   1 October 2026
Tranche I                            -                              -                     80,000                     19 May 2026
                               525,000                                                    525,000

Fixed rate green bonds

                    Value of Issue                                                                                         Fair Value
NZX code               $000s                     Issue Date               Maturity Date             Interest Rate           $000s

ARG010                100,000                 27 March 2019              27 March 2026                 4.00%                    99,179
ARG020                100,000                29 October 2019            29 October 2026                2.90%                    97,214
ARG030                125,000                27 October 2020            27 October 2027                2.20%                  115,924

The fair value of the fixed rate green bonds is based on the listed market price at balance date and is therefore classified as Level 1
in the fair value hierarchy. Interest on ARG010 bonds is payable in equal instalments on a quarterly basis in March, June, September
and December. Interest on ARG020 and ARG030 bonds is payable in equal instalments on a quarterly basis in April, July, October
and January.

The green bonds are secured by way of mortgage over the investment properties of the Group.


15. Trade and other payables


   ACCOUNTING POLICY - TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

   Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
   effective interest method.




                                                                                                                Group               Group
                                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                                                $000s               $000s

GST payable                                                                                                         682             1,354
Other creditors and accruals                                                                                   17,525           13,093
Total trade and other payables                                                                                 18,207           14,447




Argosy Property Limited                  Annual Report 2025                                                                             49
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


16. Other current liabilities


    ACCOUNTING POLICY - EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

    A provision is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in respect of annual leave and long service leave when it is
    probable that settlement will be required and they are capable of being measured reliably.

    Provisions made in respect of employee benefits expected to be settled within 12 months are measured at their nominal
    values using the remuneration rate expected to apply at the time of settlement. Provisions made in respect of employee
    benefits which are not expected to be settled within 12 months are measured as the present value of the estimated future
    outflows to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date.




                                                                                                             Group               Group
                                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                                             $000s               $000s

Employee entitlements                                                                                           397                557
Other liabilities                                                                                             2,479              3,498
Total other current liabilities                                                                               2,876              4,055


17. Administration expenses
                                                                                                             Group              Group
                                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                                             $000s              $000s

Auditor's remuneration:
Audit and review of financial statements                                                                        269               260
Vote scrutineering at annual shareholders' meeting                                                                 5                 6
Greenhouse Gas briefing                                                                                            3                 –
Total other services                                                                                               8                 6
Total fees paid to auditor                                                                                      277               266
Employee benefits                                                                                             7,019              6,800
Other expenses                                                                                                3,986              4,528
Doubtful debts expense/(recovery)                                                                               121                (36)
Bad debts                                                                                                          9               13
Total administration expenses                                                                               11,412              11,571


18. Interest expense


    ACCOUNTING POLICY - INTEREST EXPENSE

    Interest expense on borrowings is recognised using the effective interest method.




                                                                                                             Group              Group
                                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                                             $000s              $000s

Interest expense                                                                                          (42,835)          (43,947)
Interest on ground lease (39 Market Place)                                                                  (1,998)             (2,004)
Less amount capitalised to investment properties                                                             3,234               1,985
Total interest expense                                                                                    (41,599)          (43,966)

Capitalised interest relates to the developments at 101 Carlton Gore Road, Newmarket, Auckland, 224 Neilson Street, Onehunga,
Auckland, and 8-14 Mt Richmond Drive, Mt Wellington, Auckland (2024: Capitalised interest relates to the developments
at 101 Carlton Gore Road, Newmarket, Auckland, 105 Carlton Gore Road, Newmarket, Auckland and 224 Neilson Street,
Onehunga, Auckland).




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                50
19. Taxation


   ACCOUNTING POLICY - TAXATION

   Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in profit or loss except to the
   extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

   Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
   at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.




                                                                                                                         Restated
                                                                                                          Group            Group
                                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                                          $000s            $000s

The taxation charge is made up as follows:
Current tax expense                                                                                       8,552              6,444
Deferred tax expense                                                                                      3,970            (2,648)
Adjustment recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax of prior years                    (238)             (105)
Total taxation expense recognised in profit or loss                                                      12,284              3,691

Reconciliation of accounting profit/(loss) tax expense
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                               138,140           (50,803)
Current tax expense/(credit) at 28%                                                                      38,679          (14,225)
Adjusted for:
Capitalised interest                                                                                       (906)             (556)
Fair value movement in investment properties                                                            (20,346)          31,274
Fair value movement in derivative financial instruments                                                    (388)             (178)
Depreciation                                                                                             (6,435)           (9,358)
Deductible repairs and maintenance expenditure capitalised for accounting purposes                         (903)           (1,368)
Depreciation recovered on disposal of investment properties                                                    –              876
Tax on accounting gain on disposal of investment properties                                                   11              277
Other                                                                                                    (1,160)             (298)
Current taxation expense                                                                                  8,552              6,444

Movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to:
Investment properties                                                                                     3,465            (2,303)
Fair value movement in derivative financial instruments                                                       64              (79)
Other                                                                                                       441              (266)
Deferred tax expense                                                                                      3,970            (2,648)

Prior year adjustment                                                                                      (238)             (105)

Total tax expense recognised in profit or loss                                                           12,284              3,691

There were no imputation credits at 31 March 2025 (2024: Nil).




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                              51
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


20. Deferred tax


   ACCOUNTING POLICY - DEFERRED TAX

   Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the financial
   statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit, and is accounted for using the balance
   sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax
   assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary
   differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or
   from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affect
   neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

   Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the
   asset realised.

   Under NZ IAS 12, the measurement of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets depends on whether an entity expects
   to recover an asset by using it or by selling it and includes a presumption that an investment property is recovered entirely
   through sale unless it will be consumed over its useful life.




The following are the major deferred tax liabilities and (assets) recognised by the Group, and the movements thereon during the
current and prior reporting years:


                                                                        Interest rate     Investment
                                                                              swaps          property            Other          Total
                                                                              $000s            $000s            $000s          $000s

At 1 April 2024 (Restated)                                                   (4,906)         15,103             1,441          11,638
Charge/(credit) to deferred taxation expense for the year                            64       3,465               441           3,970
At 31 March 2025                                                             (4,842)         18,568             1,882          15,608


At 1 April 2023 (Restated)                                                   (4,827)         17,406             1,707          14,286
Charge/(credit) to deferred taxation expense for the year                        (79)        (2,303)             (266)         (2,648)
At 31 March 2024 (Restated)                                                  (4,906)         15,103             1,441          11,638

Deferred tax is provided in respect of depreciation expected to be recovered on the sale of property at fair value. Depreciation is
claimed at Inland Revenue Department approved rates.

Investment properties are valued each year by independent valuers (as outlined in note 5). These values include an allocation of the
valuation between the land and building components. The calculation of deferred tax on depreciation recovered and changes in fair
value relies on the split provided by the valuers.

It is assumed that all fixtures and fittings will be sold at their tax book value.




Argosy Property Limited               Annual Report 2025                                                                               52
21. Reconciliation of profit/(loss) after taxation with cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                                                           Restated
                                                                                                            Group            Group
                                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                                            $000s            $000s

Profit/(loss) after tax                                                                                  125,856           (54,494)

Movements in working capital items relating to investing and financing activities                              (25)           6,468
Non cash items
Movement in deferred tax liability                                                                          3,970            (2,648)
Movement in interest rate swaps                                                                            (1,387)             (637)
Fair value change in investment properties                                                                (72,666)         111,691

Movements in working capital items
Trade and other receivables                                                                                    (46)           3,096
Taxation payable                                                                                              411             1,579
Trade and other payables                                                                                    3,760            (4,349)
Other current assets                                                                                          269              (806)
Other current liabilities                                                                                  (1,179)              285
Net cash from operating activities                                                                         58,963           60,185


22. Earnings/(loss) per share
Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of the Company by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue during the year.


                                                                                                                           Restated
                                                                                                             Group           Group
                                                                                                              2025            2024

Profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders of the Company ($000s)                                         125,856          (54,494)
Weighted average number of shares on issue (000s)                                                         848,491          847,110
Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share (cents)                                                          14.83            (6.43)

Weighted average number of ordinary shares
Issued shares at beginning of period (000s)                                                               847,169          846,724
Issued shares at end of period (000s)                                                                     856,547          847,169
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000s)                                                         848,491          847,110

On 20 May 2025, a final dividend of 1.6625 cents per share was approved by the Board. Continuation of the Dividend Reinvestment
Plan programme will increase the number of shares on issue.




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                               53
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


23. Distributable income and adjusted funds from operations
                                                                                                        Group            Group
                                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                                        $000s            $000s

Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                                      138,140          (50,803)
Adjustments:
Revaluation (gains)/losses on investment property                                                     (72,666)        111,691
Realised (gains)/losses on disposal of investment properties                                               41              988
(Gain)/loss on derivative financial instruments held for trading                                       (1,387)            (637)
Gross distributable income                                                                             64,128          61,239

Tax impact of depreciation recovered on disposal of investment properties                                    –             876
Current tax expense                                                                                    (8,314)          (6,339)
Net distributable income                                                                               55,814          55,776

Weighted average number of ordinary shares (000s)                                                    848,491          847,110

Gross distributable income cents per share                                                               7.56             7.23
Net distributable income cents per share                                                                 6.58             6.58


Net distributable income                                                                               55,814          55,776
Amortisation of tenant incentives and leasing costs                                                     2,068            3,548
Share based payment expense                                                                                57              290
Funds from operations (FFO)                                                                            57,939          59,614

Capitalisation of tenant incentives and leasing costs                                                  (1,390)          (1,304)
Maintenance capital expenditure                                                                        (2,116)          (2,135)
Maintenance capital expenditure recovered through sale                                                    157            2,251
Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO)                                                                  54,590          58,426


FFO cents per share                                                                                      6.83             7.04
AFFO cents per share                                                                                     6.43             6.90
Dividends paid/payable in relation to period                                                             6.65             6.65

Dividend payout ratio to FFO                                                                              97%              94%
Dividend payout ratio to AFFO                                                                            103%              96%

The Company's dividend policy is based on AFFO from the Property Council of Australia Voluntary Best Guidelines for disclosing
FFO and AFFO as interpreted by the Company and amended to include maintenance capital expenditure recovered through sale.

FFO and AFFO are non-GAAP measures and may not be directly comparable with other entities.




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                           54
24. Investment in subsidiaries
The Company has control over the following subsidiaries:


                                                                          Place of        Place of
Name of subsidiary                             Principal activity         incorporation   operation      Holding 2025    Holding 2024

Argosy Property No.1 Limited                   Property investment             NZ             NZ                 100%             100%
Argosy Property Management Limited             Management company              NZ             NZ                 100%             100%
Argosy Cover Limited                           Captive insurer            Cook Islands        NZ                 100%             100%

The subsidiaries have the same reporting date as the Company.


25. Leases


   ACCOUNTING POLICY - LEASES

   The Group as a lessee
   Argosy do not recognise right of use assets or lease liabilities for short term leases or low value leases. Lease payments for
   these leases are recognised as an expense on a straight line basis over the lease term.

   Where Argosy identifies a lease, the following treatment is applied:

   Right of use assets are measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial lease liability, any payments made before the
   commencement of the lease, direct costs and any restoration costs. Right of use assets are disclosed within the same line
   item as that within which the corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned. Some right of use
   assets meet the definition of investment properties. Refer note 5 for policies and disclosure on investment properties.

   Lease liabilities are measured at the net present value of the lease payments. These payments include fixed lease payments,
   amount expected to be payable under residual value guarantees, variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate,
   the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and payments of penalties
   for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.

   These lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the
   lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to
   obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.

   Subsequent to initial measurement, each lease payment is allocated between the principal and finance cost. The finance cost
   is charged to the statement of comprehensive income over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of
   interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

   The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is presented in note 6.

   The Group as a lessor
   Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of
   ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

   The Group has entered into commercial property leases on its investment properties. The Group has determined that
   it retains all significant risks and rewards of ownership of these properties and has thus classified these leases as
   operating leases.

   Rental income from operating leases is recognised in the period to which it relates. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating
   and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and amortised to property expenses
   on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

   In the event that lease incentives are paid to enter into the operating leases, such incentives are recognised as an asset. The
   aggregate cost of incentives is recognised as a reduction of rental revenue on a straight-line basis.

   When a contract includes both lease and non-lease components, consideration is allocated to each component under
   the contract.




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                 55
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

25. Leases (continued)
Lease liabilities
Lease liabilities relate to the ground lease at 39 Market Place, Viaduct Harbour, Auckland.


                                                                                                         Group            Group
                                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                                         $000s            $000s

Opening balance                                                                                        39,953           40,074
Lease liability interest expense                                                                         1,998            2,004
Ground rent paid                                                                                        (2,125)          (2,125)
Total lease liabilities                                                                                39,826           39,953

Non-cancellable operating lease receivable
Operating leases relate to the investment properties owned by the Group with the leases expiring between 2026 and 2038. The
lessee does not have an option to purchase the property at the expiry of the lease.


                                                                                                         Group            Group
                                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                                         $000s            $000s

Within one year                                                                                        129,570          123,717
One year or later and not later than five years                                                        355,084          351,049
Later than five years                                                                                  191,770          202,356
Total operating lease receivable                                                                       676,424          677,122

There were no contingent rents recognised as income during the year.


26. Commitments
Building upgrades and developments
Estimated capital commitments contracted for building projects not yet completed at 31 March 2025 and not provided for were
$48.8 million (2024: $24.0 million).

An unconditional sale and purchase agreement has been entered into to acquire 291 East Tamaki Road, Auckland for $56.0 million.
A deposit of $2.8 million has been paid with the balance due on settlement, which is expected to take place in August 2025.

There were no other commitments as at 31 March 2025 (2024: Nil).

The Company has the following guarantees, which are not expected to be called upon:

As a condition of listing on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX), NZX requires all issuers to provide a bank bond to NZX under
NZX Main Board/Debt Market Listing Rule 2.6.2. The bank bond required from APL for listing on the NZX Main Board is $75,000.

A bank guarantee of $30,000 was provided by Argosy Property No.1 Limited to Auckland Council to allow building consents and LIM
reports to be obtained on account.


27. Subsequent events
On 20 May 2025, a final dividend of 1.6625 cents per share was approved by the Board. The record date for the final dividend
is 11 June 2025 and a payment is scheduled to shareholders on 25 June 2025. Imputation credits of 0.2180 cents per share are
attached to the dividend.




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                           56
28. Related party transactions
Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties of the Company, have been
eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details of transactions between the Group and other related parties
are disclosed below.


                                                                                                            Group            Group
                                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                                            $000s            $000s

Key management and directors compensation
Salaries and other short term employee benefits                                                             1,975             2,010
Share based payments                                                                                             –              488
Directors' fees                                                                                               796               728
Total                                                                                                       2,771             3,226




Argosy Property Limited            Annual Report 2025                                                                                 57
Independent Auditor’s Report


To the Shareholders of Argosy Property Limited


Opinion                          We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Argosy Property Limited and its
                                 subsidiaries (the ‘Group’), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position
                                 as at 31 March 2025, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
                                 statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
                                 notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
                                 information.
                                 In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on pages 32 to 57,
                                 present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as
                                 at 31 March 2025, and its consolidated financial performance and cash flows for the year
                                 then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to IFRS Accounting Standards
                                 (‘NZ IFRS’) as issued by the External Reporting Board and IFRS Accounting Standards
                                 (‘IFRS’) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

Basis for opinion                We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (‘ISAs’)
                                 and International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (‘ISAs (NZ)’). Our responsibilities
                                 under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
                                 of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.
                                 We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
                                 provide a basis for our opinion.
                                 We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
                                 International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International
                                 Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and
                                 Assurance Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’
                                 International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International
                                 Independence Standards), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                                 accordance with these requirements.
                                 Other than in our capacity as auditor, vote scrutineering at the annual shareholders’
                                 meeting, and the provision of a greenhouse gas briefing, we have no relationship with or
                                 interests in the Group. These services have not impaired our independence as auditor of
                                 the Group.

Audit materiality                We consider materiality primarily in terms of the magnitude of misstatement in the
                                 financial statements of the Group that in our judgement would make it probable that the
                                 economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or
                                 influenced (the ‘quantitative’ materiality). In addition, we also assess whether other
                                 matters that come to our attention during the audit would in our judgement change or
                                 influence the decisions of such a person (the ‘qualitative’ materiality). We use materiality
                                 both in planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work.
                                 We determined materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole to be $3.12
                                 million.

Key audit matters                Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most
                                 significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period.
                                 These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
                                 statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                 separate opinion on these matters.




 Argosy Property Limited        Annual Report 2025                                                                           58
 Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Investment property valuations
 As disclosed in note 5 of the consolidated financial             We read the valuation reports for all properties that
 statements, investment properties were valued at $2,149          were subject to revaluation at year end. We checked for
 million as at 31 March 2025. The investment properties are       any limitations of scope in the valuation reports that
 classified into three segments being, Industrial, Office and     would impact the reliability of the valuations. When
 Large Format Retail.                                             considered appropriate, discussions were held with the
                                                                  valuers to confirm the valuation approach used. These
 The methods used for assessing fair values include the
                                                                  discussions related to the general market, as well as
 capitalisation of contract income, capitalisation of market
                                                                  specific properties identified by us.
 income and discounted cash flow methodologies. Fair values
 are calculated using actual and forecasted inputs and            We assessed the valuers’ experience and professional
 assumptions including market rentals and growth,                 accreditations. This included having each of the valuers
 maintenance and capital expenditure requirements, an             confirm their independence, qualifications and that the
 assessment of yields, discount rates, occupancy, leasing         scope of work undertaken was in line with professional
 costs and weighted average lease terms. Adjustments are          valuation standards and financial reporting standards. In
 made to observable market data of similar properties to          addition, we considered the Group’s process for
 reflect the specific nature and location of the individual       reviewing and challenging the valuation reports to
 properties.                                                      ensure that they accurately reflected the individual
                                                                  characteristics of each property.
 The Group’s policy is to engage independent registered
 valuers to perform valuations for each of the properties on      The major inputs to the valuation process were tested
 at least an annual basis. The valuation of investment            across a sample of properties, with a focus on the
 properties is a key audit matter due to the subjective           capitalisation of market rent methodology. For the
 judgements and assumptions in the valuation process.             sample selected, key changes in rental assumptions,
                                                                  capitalisation rates and other adjustments and terms
                                                                  were agreed to underlying supporting information.
                                                                  For a sample of properties, ownership was confirmed
                                                                  through property title searches.
                                                                  Our internal valuation specialists assisted in assessing the
                                                                  appropriateness of the valuation methodology.


Other information                  The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the other information. The other
                                   information comprises the information in the Climate Related Financial Disclosures and in
                                   the Annual Report that accompanies the consolidated financial statements and the audit
                                   report.
                                   Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other
                                   information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
                                   Our responsibility is to read the other information and consider whether it is materially
                                   inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
                                   audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If so, we are required to report that
                                   fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Directors’ responsibilities for    The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair
the consolidated financial         presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and
statements                         IFRS, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                                   preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
                                   misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.




 Argosy Property Limited          Annual Report 2025                                                                        59
                                  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf
                                  of the Group for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
                                  applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
                                  accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                                  operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
audit of the consolidated          financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to
financial statements               fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
                                   assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                                   accordance with ISAs and ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it
                                   exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
                                   individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
                                   economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
                                  A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
                                  statements is located on the External Reporting Board’s website at:
                                  https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-
                                  report-1-1/
                                  This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Restriction on use                This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit has been
                                  undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters we are
                                  required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
                                  extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than
                                  the Company’s shareholders as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
                                  opinions we have formed.




Peter Gulliver
Partner
for Deloitte Limited
Auckland, New Zealand
20 May 2025




 Argosy Property Limited         Annual Report 2025                                                                           60
Corporate Governance

The Company                                                          Attendance of Directors
Argosy is a limited liability company incorporated under the         BOARD MEETINGS ATTENDED
Companies Act 1993. Argosy shares are listed on the NZX Main
Board (NZX code: ARG). Argosy’s constitution is available on its     Director                                             Attendance
website (www.argosy.co.nz) and the New Zealand Companies
                                                                     Jeff Morrison (Chair)                                      7 of 7
Office website (www.companiesoffice.govt.nz).
                                                                     Stuart McLauchlan                                          6 of 7
Corporate Governance Philosophy                                      Chris Gudgeon                                              7 of 7
Ultimate responsibility for corporate governance of the              Mike Pohio                                                 6 of 7
Company resides with the Board of Directors. The Board sees          Rachel Winder                                              7 of 7
strong corporate governance and stewardship as fundamental           Martin Stearne                                             7 of 7
to the strong performance of the Company and, accordingly,           Alex Cutler                                                3 of 3
the Board’s commitment is to the highest standards of
business behaviour and accountability. Outlined below are            Jeff Morrison, Stuart McLauchlan, Chris Gudgeon, Mike Pohio,
the main corporate governance practices in place throughout          Rachel Winder, Martin Stearne and Alex Cutler were Directors
the year. In the Board’s opinion, as at 31 March 2025,               as at 31 March 2025. Brief resumés of Argosy's current
the Company complied with the recommendations set by                 Directors are included in the section headed “Our Leadership
the NZX Corporate Governance Code (31 January 2025),                 & Governance” on pages 26 and 27 of this report.
except as set out in the Company’s Statement on Reporting
Against the NZX Code, which is available on the Company’s            Independent Directors
website (www.argosy.co.nz).                                          The Company recognises that independent directors are
                                                                     important in assuring shareholders that the Board is properly
Ethical Standards
                                                                     fulfilling its role and is diligent in holding management
Argosy’s Code of Conduct and Ethics sets out the ethical and         accountable for its performance.
behavioural standards expected of Argosy’s Directors, Officers
and employees. The purpose of the Code of Conduct and Ethics         In determining whether a Director is independent, the Board
is to uphold the highest ethical standards and ensure Argosy’s       considers whether the Director is independent of management
Directors, Officers and employees are acting in good faith and       and free of any business or other relationship that could
in the best interests of shareholders at all times. The Code of      materially interfere with, or could reasonably be perceived to
Conduct and Ethics outlines the Company’s policies in respect        materially interfere with, the exercise of his or her unfettered
of conflicts of interest, fair dealing, compliance with applicable   and independent judgement. In accordance with Rule 2.6.1 of
laws and regulations, maintaining confidentiality of information,    the NZX Listing Rules, the Board has determined that all of
dealing with company assets and use of company information.          the Directors were, in its view, independent directors as at the
                                                                     balance date as none of them had a disqualifying relationship
Argosy’s Code of Conduct and Ethics forms part of each               with the Company. In making this determination the Board has
employee’s conditions of employment. Failure to comply with          determined that none of the factors referred to in table 2.4 of the
the principles or the spirit of the Code of Conduct and Ethics       NZX Corporate Governance Code apply to Argosy’s Directors.
will be considered a serious breach of Argosy policy and will
be investigated. Disciplinary action for breaches of the Code of
Conduct and Ethics may range from a verbal warning through
to termination of employment. Argosy’s Code of Conduct and
Ethics is available on its website (www.argosy.co.nz).

Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
The group climate statements for Argosy and its subsidiaries
are available on the Company's website (www.argosy.co.nz).

Composition of the Board
Argosy is committed to having a Board whose members have
the capacity to act independently and have the composite
skills to optimise the financial performance of the Company and
returns to shareholders. The Constitution provides for there to
be not fewer than three Directors. All the members of the Board
are independent non-executive Directors. The Board does not
impose a restriction on the tenure of any Director as it considers
that such a restriction may lead to the loss of experience and
expertise from the Board.




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                61
Corporate Governance

Board Skills                                                          for development, renewal and succession. The matrix will be
The skills matrix below presents the Board’s assessments of           reviewed regularly, to ensure the Board’s collective skills and
its skills and experience against criteria identified as necessary    experience are aligned with the needs of Argosy’s business
in the context of Argosy’s business and the wider commercial          and developments in the commercial environment. Beyond
environment in which it operates. It helps guide the assessment       the variety of technical skills and experience listed below, the
of the skills and diversity that the Board has or is looking for,     Board seeks to work as a team with different personalities and
provides an opportunity to identify gaps in skills that the Board     viewpoints, who will respectfully challenge Management and
seeks of current Directors and is part of the Board’s planning        each other to support the long term success of the Company.


 Property Industry Experience                Experience in property including but not limited to investment and                6/7
                                             divestment, leasing, development and management.
 Commercial Experience                       Broad range of commercial/entrepreneurial/business experience.                    7/7

 Financial                                   Qualifications and experience in accounting and/or finance and the                5/7
                                             ability to:
                                             • analyse key financial statements
                                             • critically assess financial feasibility and performance, IRR and cost
                                               of capital
                                             • contribute to strategic financial planning
                                             • oversee budgets and the efficient use of resources
                                             • oversee funding arrangements.
 Legal                                       General experience with legal principles around property, capital raising         3/7
                                             and funds management. Experience in corporate and commercial law,
                                             including major contracts.
 Capital Markets                             Knowledge of capital markets and experience with raising funds via                3/7
                                             the capital markets. Knowledge and awareness of the objectives and
                                             preferences of institutional and retail investors.
 ESG                                         Knowledge and experience of responsible investment.                               3/7
                                             Environmental: Green Buildings and design, climate change, energy,
                                             water and stranded assets.
                                             Social: Ethical procurement, labour standards and community relations.
                                             Governance: Use of best practice policies, procedures, risk and reporting.
 Strategy                                    Business strategy skills, including oversight, development and execution,         5/7
                                             business growth, sustainability, capital allocation and planning.
 Risk and Compliance                         Ability to identify, mitigate and manage key risks to the organisation in a       4/7
                                             wide range of areas including legal, regulatory and operational (including
                                             health and safety).




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                   62
Board and Director Performance                                        Remuneration and Nominations Committee
The Board will, regularly, critically evaluate its own                The Remuneration and Nominations Committee is a standing
performance, and its own processes and procedures to ensure           Committee of the Board responsible for considering the
that they are not unduly complex and are designed to assist           remuneration of Directors and senior executives, administering
the Board in effectively fulfilling its role. The Board also          the Company’s bonus and incentive schemes, succession
regularly reviews and evaluates the performance of each               planning, reviewing Board composition and skills and making
standing Committee to ensure it is operating consistently with        recommendations in respect of Director appointments. As at
its constitution and delegations.                                     31 March 2025 Jeff Morrison (Chairman), Stuart McLauchlan
                                                                      and Martin Stearne were members of the Committee.
Insider Trading and Restricted Persons Trading
Argosy’s Directors, Officers and employees, their families            The Committee’s charter, which sets out its
and related parties must comply with the Insider Trading              responsibilities in more detail, is available on Argosy’s
and Restricted Persons Trading policy. Amongst other                  website (www.argosy.co.nz).
requirements, the policy identifies three ‘black-out periods’         Attendance at Remuneration and
where trading in the Company’s shares is prohibited (with             Nominations Committee
limited exceptions, such as a ‘special circumstances’ trading
                                                                      REMUNERATION COMMITTEE MEETINGS ATTENDED
application). The black-out periods are from the close of trading
on 28 February (or 29 February in a leap year) until the day
following the full year announcement date each year; from the         Director                                              Attendance
close of trading on 31 August until the day following the half year   Jeff Morrison (Chair)                                       4 of 4
announcement date each year; and 30 days prior to release of a        Stuart McLauchlan                                           4 of 4
product disclosure statement for a general public offer of Argosy     Martin Stearne                                              4 of 4
securities. The black-out periods do not affect ongoing fixed
participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP).
                                                                      Environmental, Social & Governance
Trading by Directors, Officers, employees and their associates,       (ESG) Committee
requires pre trade approval (with limited exceptions, such            The ESG Committee is a standing Committee of the Board
as shares acquired under the DRP). Officers and employees             responsible for identifying and considering ESG matters in
must obtain approval from any two Directors or a Director             relation to the Company and its operations, including climate
and the Chief Financial Officer and Directors must obtain             change impacts. As at 31 March 2025 Mike Pohio (Chairman),
pre-trade approval from the Chairman (or in the case of the           Rachel Winder and Alex Culter were members of the Committee.
Chairman, the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee). The
                                                                      The Committee’s charter, which sets out its
holdings of Directors of securities in Argosy are disclosed in the
                                                                      responsibilities in more detail, is available on Argosy’s
section headed 'Directors' Shareholdings and Bondholdings'
                                                                      website (www.argosy.co.nz).
on pages 69 and 70 of this report. Argosy’s Insider Trading
and Restricted Persons Trading Policy is available on its             Attendance at ESG Committee Meetings
website (www.argosy.co.nz).
                                                                      ESG COMMITTEE MEETINGS ATTENDED
Directors and Officers' Indemnification
and Insurance                                                         Director                                              Attendance
In accordance with section 162 of the Companies Act 1993              Mike Pohio (Chair)                                          4 of 4
and the Constitution of the Company, Argosy has indemnified           Rachel Winder                                               4 of 4
and insured its Directors and employees, including Directors          Alex Cutler                                                  1 of 1
and employees of subsidiaries, in respect of liability (including
defence costs) incurred for any act or omission in their capacity
                                                                      Audit and Risk Committee
as a Director or employee. The insurer reimburses the Company
                                                                      The Audit and Risk Committee is a standing Committee of
where it has indemnified the Directors or employees.
                                                                      the Board responsible for overseeing the financial, accounting
Board Committees                                                      and risk management responsibilities of the Company. The
Board Committees assist with the execution of the Board’s             minimum number of members on the Audit and Risk Committee
responsibilities to shareholders. Each Committee operates             is three. All members must be Directors, the majority must
under a Constitution approved by the Board, setting out               be Independent Directors and at least one member who is an
its role, responsibilities, authority, relationship with the          Independent Director must have an adequate accounting or
Board, reporting requirements, composition, structure and             financial background. As at 31 March 2025 Stuart McLauchlan
membership. Argosy’s Board Committee constitutions are                (Chairman), Jeff Morrison, Chris Gudgeon and Martin Stearne
available on its website (www.argosy.co.nz).                          were members of the Committee.

                                                                      The Audit and Risk Committee assists the Board in fulfilling
                                                                      its corporate governance and disclosure responsibilities with
                                                                      particular reference to financial matters, external audit and
                                                                      risk management. The Committee’s charter, which sets out
                                                                      its responsibilities in more detail, is available on Argosy’s
                                                                      website (www.argosy.co.nz).


Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                 63
Corporate Governance

Attendance at Audit and Risk Committee                                not exceeding the average amount then being paid to each non-
AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE MEETINGS ATTENDED                            executive director other than the chairperson.

                                                                      Director remuneration arrangements and outcomes
Director                                           Attendance
                                                                      The Directors’ fees are presently set as follows:
Stuart McLauchlan (Chair)                                3 of 4       Office                               Remuneration         No. of
Jeff Morrison                                            4 of 4                                                                people
Chris Gudgeon                                            4 of 4                                                               holding
Martin Stearne                                           4 of 4                                                                 office

                                                                      Chair                                   $160,000              1
Directors' Remuneration                                               Non-Executive Director                   $97,500              6
Director remuneration policy                                          Chair of Audit and Risk Committee        $20,000              1
The Remuneration and Nominations Committee reviews                    Audit and Risk Committee Member          $12,000              3
Director remuneration annually and makes recommendations              Chair of Remuneration and                 $12,500             1
to the Board. The Board takes advice from independent                 Nominations Committee
remuneration specialists when considering any proposal to             Remuneration and Nominations              $6,000              2
increase the Directors’ fees.                                         Committee Member
                                                                      Chair of ESG Committee                   $15,000              1
DIRECTORS' FEES
                                                                      ESG Committee Member                     $10,000              2
The Company considers it desirable to attract and retain high
performing Directors whose skills and experience are well suited      The approved fee pool includes an unallocated amount of
to the Company’s requirements. To this end, it is important           $100,000 that provides flexibility to remunerate Directors who
that the Directors are remunerated appropriately. The current         assume additional responsibilities (including any one-off project
total Directors’ fee pool approved by ordinary resolution at          work and committee memberships) from time to time beyond
the Company’s 2024 Annual Meeting is $853,000 per annum.              the scope of their usual responsibilities. No such remuneration
Pursuant to Rule 2.11.3 of the NZX Listing Rules, this fee pool       was provided in the year to 31 March 2025 (2024: Nil).
may be increased if a new Director is appointed by an amount

DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION
Remuneration paid to Directors by the Company during the year is as follows:


                                                 Fee for Audit &      Fee for Remuneration &             Fee for
Director                            Fee         Risk Committee        Nomination Committee        ESG Committee        Remuneration

Jeff Morrison (Chair)         $160,000                  $12,000                     $12,500                     -          $184,500
Stuart McLauchlan              $96,420                  $20,000                      $6,000                     -          $122,420
Chris Gudgeon                  $96,420                  $12,000                                                            $108,420
Mike Pohio                     $96,420                            -                         -             $15,000           $111,420
Rachel Winder                  $96,420                            -                         -             $10,000          $106,420
Martin Stearne                 $96,420                  $12,000                      $6,000                     -           $114,420
Alex Cutler                    $44,610                            -                         -             $3,645            $48,255
Total                         $686,710                  $56,000                    $24,500              $28,645            $795,855

No current or former Director received any other benefits from Argosy during the year to 31 March 2025 (2024: Nil).




Argosy Property Limited            Annual Report 2025                                                                                64
Gender Balance                                                     Remuneration Report
As at 31 March 2025, the gender balance statistics for             CHAIRMAN'S INTRODUCTION:
the Company's Directors, Officers and all employees were           The Board has established remuneration policies and practices
as follows:                                                        to attract and retain a high performing management team
GENDER DIVERSITY                                                   to carry on the Company’s property investment business in
                                                                   the interests of shareholders. All permanent staff are paid
                                                                   a mixture of fixed and variable remuneration. The variable
               Directors          Officers        All employees
                                                                   component is designed to link pay of employees to both
Female         2 (2024: 1)      3 (2024: 3)       17 (2024: 15)    individual performance and the success of the Company.
Male          5 (2024: 5)       8 (2024: 10)      18 (2024: 21)
                                                                   During the year the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
Total         7 (2024: 6)       11 (2024: 13)     35 (2024: 36)
                                                                   considered independent external advice and recommended to
                                                                   the Board that the long-term incentive scheme (LTI) for senior
As at 31 March 2025, the age statistics for the Company's
                                                                   executives should be updated. This has resulted in a new
Directors, Officers and all employees were as follows.
                                                                   performance measure which is intended to better incentivise
                                                                   senior executives and reflect developments in market practice,
                Directors           Officers      All employees    since the Company’s LTI scheme was established in 2015. The
Under 30      Nil (2024: Nil)   Nil (2024: Nil)    4 (2024: 3)     new performance measure, which applies for the three year
30-50 yrs      Nil (2024: 2)      4 (2024: 5)      16 (2024: 16)   period commencing on 1 April 2024 is outlined on page 66.
Over 50        7 (2024: 4)        7 (2024: 8)      15 (2024: 17)   The Remuneration and Nominations Committee has reviewed
                                                                   the Company’s remuneration policies and practices as outlined
Argosy’s Diversity Policy is available on its website              below and discussed them with Management. The Board
(www.argosy.co.nz). The Board considers that the diversity         considers that they create the foundation for a high performing
objectives and targets in the Policy are appropriate and that      Management team whose interests are aligned with the
Argosy is making good progress toward meeting them. You            interests of the Company’s shareholders.
can find further information on diversity on page 11 of the 2025
                                                                   Jeff Morrison, Chairman
Sustainability Report.

                                                                   REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
                                                                   The Board’s Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                                                                   oversees the Company’s remuneration policy and framework.
                                                                   These are designed to attract, retain and reward individual
                                                                   employees who deliver high performance aligned to
                                                                   business objectives, strategy, shareholder interests and
                                                                   investment performance.

                                                                   During the year the Board updated the Company’s LTI
                                                                   performance measure for performance share rights (PSRs)
                                                                   awarded during the current year (with a performance period
                                                                   from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2027). The LTI performance
                                                                   measure has been updated to better incentivise senior
                                                                   executives and to reflect developments in market practice
                                                                   based on other similar schemes. The new performance measure
                                                                   is based on a broader range of performance hurdles as
                                                                   summarised in the table on page 66.

                                                                   Each member of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                                                                   is independent and Management only attend Committee
                                                                   meetings by invitation. Further information concerning the
                                                                   composition of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                                                                   (and other Board Committees) is set out on pages 63 to 64.

                                                                   The Remuneration and Nominations Committee operates under
                                                                   a written Constitution and in accordance with the Company’s
                                                                   Remuneration Policy, both of which are available on the
                                                                   Company’s website (www.argosy.co.nz). The main features of
                                                                   the Company’s Remuneration Policy are summarised as follows.




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                          65
Corporate Governance

Remuneration Report (continued)                                    The LTI performance measure for PSRs with a vesting date
EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION                                              during the current year is a relative Total Shareholder Return
                                                                   (TSR) performance hurdle based on a comparison of the
An employee’s remuneration is comprised of the
                                                                   Company’s TSR against the TSR of a comparator group of listed
following components:
                                                                   entities determined by the Board, and requiring non-negative
•   fixed remuneration;                                            TSR performance over the vesting period.
•   variable or ‘at risk’ components.                              •   Comparator entities are chosen from the S&P/NZX All Real
The fixed remuneration component (including salary, KiwiSaver          Estate Gross Index.
contributions, health and disability benefits and private use of   •   TSRs of the entities in the comparison group over the
Company vehicles) is designed to reward employees for their            performance period (which is three years) will be ranked from
skills and experience and the accountability of their role. The        highest to lowest.
variable component is comprised of a short term incentive
                                                                   •   If Argosy’s TSR over the performance period is non-negative
scheme (STI) for all permanent employees and the LTI scheme
                                                                       and exceeds the TSR of the company ranked at the 50th
for eligible senior executives. Each component of remuneration
                                                                       percentile in the comparison group, 50% of the PSRs
is outlined below.
                                                                       will vest.
FIXED REMUNERATION                                                 •   If Argosy’s TSR over the performance period is non-negative
Fixed remuneration is the primary basis for remunerating the           and exceeds the TSR of the company ranked at the 75th
Company’s employees. Each employee’s fixed remuneration                percentile in the comparison group, 100% of the PSRs
is determined based on their responsibilities, capability,             will vest.
performance and market benchmarks. Fixed remuneration for          •   There is a straight-line progression and apportionment
permanent employees is comprised of their base salary and              between these two points.
benefits. Benefits may include:
                                                                   PSRs with a vesting date during the current year had a vesting
•   KiwiSaver employer superannuation contributions;               period from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2024. Although the
•   life and disability insurance;                                 Company’s TSR performance over the performance period
                                                                   exceeded the company ranked at the 75th percentile, the TSR
•   health insurance; and
                                                                   performance was negative and no PSRs vested.
•   private use of a company vehicle.
                                                                   The LTI performance measure for PSRs awarded during the
SHORT TERM INCENTIVE SCHEME (STI)
                                                                   current year (with a performance period from 1 April 2024 to
The STI is a discretionary variable pay scheme for                 31 March 2027) has been updated to better incentivise senior
permanent employees, designed to reward participants for           executives and to reflect developments in market practice
high performance and the Company’s success over the                based on other similar schemes. The new performance measure
financial year.                                                    is based on a broader range of performance hurdles as
•   The STI for all employees other than the CEO is based on       summarised in the table below:
    Company and individual performance measures with stretch
    performance goals.                                             Performance hurdle                    LTI weighting

•   The Company performance measure is based on specific           Relative TSR                          40%
    annual Company targets in relation to net property income,     Absolute TSR                          40%
    AFFO and key performance metrics, which are linked to the      FFO growth                            20%
    Company’s strategy and approved by the Board.
•   Individual goals and performance measures are agreed           External independent advice and references to employee
    between each manager and their direct reports, to              remuneration benchmarks
    encourage outstanding performance.                             In the current year, the Company has received independent
•   Measures and stretch performance goals are reviewed each       and external remuneration advice and considered external
    financial year.                                                employee remuneration benchmarks. The advice related to
•   The STI for the CEO is based solely on                         employee salary levels, the level and formulation of the
    Company performance.                                           employee STI scheme, and hurdles for the senior executive
                                                                   LTI scheme.
LONG TERM INCENTIVE SCHEME (LTI)
The Company has established an LTI scheme to remunerate
senior executives for sustained performance over a three-year
period. Under the LTI scheme (which is subject to Board
discretion), the Company may issue PSRs to eligible employees
each year (during the year to 31 March 2025 these were the CEO
and CFO). Each PSR entitles its holder to one share in Argosy on
its vesting date, subject to meeting LTI performance thresholds.
Each PSR has a vesting date three years after commencement
of the financial year in which it is issued.




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                          66
Remuneration Report (continued)                                            The STI weightings attributed to each area are shown in the
CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S REMUNERATION                                             table below:

The Chief Executive's remuneration for the year ended 31 March
                                                                           Performance hurdle                   STI weighting   Outcome
2025 is outlined below:
                                                                           Financial performance                    36%             36%
Base Salary                                             $677,000           Health and Safety                        11%             11%
Other benefits                                              $73,500        Operations & strategic initiatives       42%             20%
Short term incentive (STI)                              $364,000           Sustainability                           11%             11%
Long term incentive (LTI)                                           -
Total remuneration                                     $1,114,500          The CEO did not receive any remuneration under the
                                                                           Company’s LTI scheme as no PSRs vested during the year to
Base salary and other benefits reflect the CEO’s fixed                     31 March 2025.
remuneration during the year. The base salary remained                     In addition to the total remuneration disclosed above, the CEO
unchanged from the prior year. The CEO’s maximum STI for                   was granted 359,310 PSRs during the year to 31 March 2025
the year is equal to 70% of base salary ($473,900). The                    (which have a three-year vesting period commencing 1 April
proportion of this amount awarded reflects the Remuneration                2024). The grant of PSRs was calculated based on 60% of
and Nominations Committee’s assessment of the CEO’s                        base salary and using the volume weighted average price of
performance during the year measured against agreed                        the shares sold through the NZX over the period of 10 trading
performance hurdles in the following areas:                                days ending on 31 March 2024. The LTI is included in the CEO’s
•   Financial Performance: Targets based on net property                   remuneration in the year that the shares vest.
    income and AFFO.
•   Health and Safety: Targets based on zero serious
    harm injuries.
•   Operations & strategic initiatives: Targets based on leasing,
    portfolio positioning and strategy.
•   Sustainability: Targets based on near term actions in the
    Company’s Sustainability Framework.


                             Granted                 Commencement date                       PSR period                Vesting date

2021 PSRs                    180,005                        1 April 2021                    Three years                   Expired
2022 PSRs                    188,926                        1 April 2022                    Three years               Expected FY26
2023 PSRs                    353,133                        1 April 2023                    Three years               Expected FY27
2024 PSRs                    359,310                        1 April 2024                    Three years               Expected FY28

The CEO’s shareholdings in the Company are disclosed on page
71 of this report.


ESG disclosures
As at 31 March 2025, the CEO’s base salary of $677,000 was
4.7 times (2024: 4.4 times) that of the base salary of the
median employee at $142,600 per annum. The CEO’s total
remuneration, including STI Earned, of $1,114,500 was 5.5
times (2024: 7.4 times) the total remuneration of the median
employee at $203,300.

The Company does not report gender pay gap information as
it has less than 50 employees. The MindTheGap campaign
considers that it is not appropriate for issuers with less than
50 employees to make a gender pay gap disclosure.




Argosy Property Limited                Annual Report 2025                                                                                 67
Corporate Governance

Remuneration Report (continued)
EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION
All employees of the Group are employed by Argosy Property
Management Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. The number of employees or former employees who
received remuneration and any other benefits in their capacity
as employees of $100,000 per annum or more, are set out in the
following table:


                                                       No. of
Amount of Remuneration                               Employees

$100,001 - $110,000                                      4
$130,001 - $140,000                                      2
$140,001 - $150,000                                      2
$150,001 - $160,000                                      1
$170,001 - $180,000                                      3
$180,001 - $190,000                                      1
$190,001 - $200,000                                      2
$200,001 - $210,000                                      2
$240,001 - $250,000                                      2
$250,001 - $260,000                                      1
$280,001 - $290,000                                      1
$290,001 - $300,000                                      2
$300,001 - $310,000                                      1
$310,001 - $320,000                                      2
$320,001 - $330,000                                      1
$330,001 - $340,000                                      1
$360,001 - $370,000                                      1
$420,001 - $430,000                                      1
$430,001 - $440,000                                      1
$490,001 - $500,000                                      1
$860,001 - $870,000                                      1
$1,110,001 - $1,120,000                                  1

The CEO salary included in the table above includes the STI
earned in this financial year, and described further on page 67,
which will be paid in the financial year ending 31 March 2026.

No PSRs vested in the year to 31 March 2025. Employee
remuneration does not include PSRs issued under the
Company’s LTI scheme that have been granted but which have
not vested.




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025             68
Interests Registers
DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS AND BONDHOLDINGS
Equity and debt securities in which each Director and associated person of each Director held a relevant interest as at 31 March 2025
are listed below:


Director                  Holder                                        Trustees                  Interest                  Shares

Chris Gudgeon             Trustees of the Twinrock Trust                CW Gudgeon, JC            Beneficial               18,100
                                                                        Gudgeon and PB Guise      (family trust)
Mike Pohio                Trustees of the Pohio Family Trust            Michael Eric Pohio,       Beneficial               50,000
                                                                        Karen Elizabeth           (family trust)
                                                                        Pohio and Ruby
                                                                        Trustees Limited
Rachel Winder             Rachel Winder                                                           Beneficial               14,000
Martin Stearne            FNZ Custodians Limited for the trustees of    Martin William            Beneficial              200,000
                          the MW and LJ Stearne Family Trust            Stearne and Tobias        (family trust)
                                                                        Edward Groser
Stuart McLauchlan         JBWere (NZ) Nominees Limited                                            Beneficial               78,504
Stuart McLauchlan         1804 Limited                                                            Beneficial               25,000
Jeff Morrison             Investment Custodial Services for the         Jeff Morrison and         Non beneficial          243,790
                          trustees of the Suzanne Fisher Trust          Barry Fisher              (professional
                                                                                                  trustee)
Jeff Morrison             Investment Custodial Services for the         Jeff Morrison and         Non beneficial           21,636
                          trustees of the LJ Fisher Trust               Andrew Spencer            (professional
                                                                                                  trustee)
Jeff Morrison             Trustees of the JM Thompson Trust             Jeff Morrison,            Non beneficial          357,730
                                                                        Robyn Shearer             (professional
                                                                                                  trustee)
Jeff Morrison             Trustees of the Dalbeth Family Trust No.3     William Dalbeth,          Non beneficial          246,640
                                                                        Jeff Morrison             (professional
                                                                                                  trustee)
Jeff Morrison             Trustees of the Dalbeth Family Trust No.4     William Dalbeth and       Non beneficial          334,300
                                                                        Jeff Morrison             (professional
                                                                                                  trustee)
Jeff Morrison             FNZ Custodians Limited for Stephen            Stephen Fisher, Virginia Non beneficial            66,000
                          Fisher, Virginia Fisher and Jeff Morrison     Fisher and Jeff Morrison (professional
                          as trustees of the Stephen and Virginia                                trustee)
                          Fisher Trust
Jeff Morrison             Investment Custodial Services Limited for     Charitable Trust Board    Non beneficial          191,924
                          the Spirit of Adventure Trust Board                                     (professional
                                                                                                  trustee)
Jeff Morrison             Investment Custodial Services Limited for     Jeff Morrison and         Beneficial              302,332
                          Jeff Morrison and Noeline Morrison as         Noeline Morrison          (family trust)
                          trustees of the J&N Morrison Family Trust
Jeff Morrison             Investment Custodial Services Limited for     Charitable Trust Board    Non beneficial          155,531
                          the The Lou and Iris Fisher Charitable                                  (director of
                          Trust Board                                                             trust manager)




Argosy Property Limited            Annual Report 2025                                                                              69
Corporate Governance

Interests Registers (continued)

                                                                                                                      Number of
Director                  Holder                                 Trustees                    Interest                  ARG010
                                                                                                                         Bonds

Jeff Morrison             JM Thompson Charitable Trust           Robyn Maree Shearer and     Non beneficial           300,000
                                                                 Jeff Morrison               (professional trustee)
Jeff Morrison             WT Dalbeth Family Trust No.3           William Thomas Dalbeth &    Non beneficial           200,000
                                                                 Jeff Morrison               (professional trustee)
Jeff Morrison             WT Dalbeth Family Trust No.2           William Thomas Dalbeth &    Non beneficial           200,000
                                                                 Jeff Morrison               (professional trustee)
Jeff Morrison             LJ Fisher Trust                        Andrew Spencer and          Non beneficial             45,000
                                                                 Jeff Morrison               (professional trustee)
Jeff Morrison             Susanne Fisher Trust                   Stephen Fisher and          Non beneficial           200,000
                                                                 Jeff Morrison               (professional trustee)
Jeff Morrison             WT Dalbeth Family Trust No.4           William Thomas Dalbeth &    Non beneficial           300,000
                                                                 Jeff Morrison               (professional trustee)
Jeff Morrison             The Lou and Iris Fisher Charitable                                 Non beneficial           100,000
                          Trust Board                                                        (professional trustee)


                                                                                                                      Number of
Director                  Holder                                 Trustees                    Interest                  ARG020
                                                                                                                         Bonds

Jeff Morrison             Stephen and Virginia Fisher Trust      Stephen Fisher, Virginia    Non beneficial           125,000
                                                                 Fisher and Jeff Morrison    (professional trustee)
Jeff Morrison             Susanne Fisher Trust                   Stephen Fisher and          Non beneficial           200,000
                                                                 Jeff Morrison               (professional trustee)
Jeff Morrison             The Lou and Iris Fisher Charitable                                 Non beneficial           200,000
                          Trust Board                                                        (professional trustee)


                                                                                                                      Number of
Director                  Holder                                 Trustees                    Interest                  ARG030
                                                                                                                         Bonds

Jeff Morrison             FNZ Custodians Limited for Stephen     Stephen Fisher, Virginia    Non beneficial           150,000
                          Barry Fisher, Virginia Jane Fisher     Jane Fisher and             (professional trustee)
                          and Jeff Morrison as trustees of the   Jeff Morrison
                          Stephen and Virginia Fisher Trust
Jeff Morrison             Jeff Morrison, John Sieprath, Jon      Jeff Morrison, John         Non beneficial             60,000
                          Dotchin and Dulcie Dotchin as          Sieprath, Jon Dotchin and   (professional trustee)
                          trustees of the Margaret Claire        Dulcie Dotchin
                          Dotchin-Knight Trust
Jeff Morrison             Jeff Morrison, John Sieprath, Jon      Jeff Morrison, John         Non beneficial             60,000
                          Dotchin and Dulcie Dotchin as          Sieprath, Jon Dotchin and   (professional trustee)
                          trustees of the Joanne Elizabeth       Dulcie Dotchin
                          Dotchin Trust
Jeff Morrison             Jeff Morrison, John Sieprath, Jon      Jeff Morrison, John         Non beneficial             60,000
                          Dotchin and Dulcie Dotchin as          Sieprath, Jon Dotchin and   (professional trustee)
                          trustees of the Jonathan Napier &      Dulcie Dotchin
                          Dulcie Elizabeth Dotchin Trust




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                       70
Senior Managers' Shareholdings
Equity securities in which each Senior Manager and associated persons of each Senior Manager held a relevant interest as at
31 March 2025 are listed below:


Officer                                                                  Holder               Trustees          Interest            No. of shares

Peter Mence                                                              Peter Mence                            2022 PSRs1             188,926
                                                                                                                2023 PSRs1             353,113
                                                                                                                2024 PSRs1             359,310
                                                                         Peter Mence                            Beneficial             744,099
                                                                         Trustees of the Peter Mence,           Non beneficial         416,077
                                                                         Papageno        Stella
                                                                         Trust           McDonald
                                                                         Sharesies            Sharesies         Beneficial             254,437
                                                                         Nominee              Nominee
                                                                         Limited as           Limited
                                                                         nominee for
                                                                         Peter Donald
                                                                         Mence
Dave Fraser                                                              Dave Fraser                            2022 PSRs1             110,918
                                                                                                                2023 PSRs1             142,340
                                                                                                                2024 PSRs1             141,839
                                                                         Dave Fraser                            Beneficial             630,616

1. Performance Share Rights issued under the Company's Long Term Incentive Scheme.


Directors and Senior Managers' Share and Bond dealings
The Directors and Senior Managers disclosed the following                     •      Peter Mence acquired a beneficial interest in 20,576 shares
dealings which relate to the acquisition of shares and bonds in                      in the Company on 27 May 2024 for consideration of $22,016
the Company during the year:                                                         through an on-market acquisition.

•   Dave Fraser acquired a beneficial interest in 27,000 shares               •      Peter Mence acquired a beneficial interest in 25,697 shares
    in the Company on 16 December 2024 for consideration of                          in the Company on 28 May 2024 for consideration of $27,975
    $27,813 through an on-market acquisition.                                        through an on-market acquisition.

•   Dave Fraser disposed of a beneficial interest in 101,616                  •      Stuart McLauchlan acquired a beneficial interest in 25,000
    performance share rights in the Company on 16 July 2024 for                      shares in the Company on 24 June 2024 for consideration of
    nil consideration which expired under the Company’s Long                         $25,750 through an on-market acquisition.
    Term Incentive Scheme. Dave Fraser acquired a beneficial                  •      Stuart McLauchlan acquired a beneficial interest in 830
    interest in 141,839 performance share rights in the Company                      shares in the Company on 18 December 2024 for
    on 16 July 2024 for nil consideration which were granted                         consideration of $854 under the Company’s dividend
    under the Company’s Long Term Incentive Scheme.                                  reinvestment plan.
•   Peter Mence acquired a beneficial interest in 111,374 shares in           •      Stuart McLauchlan acquired a beneficial interest in
    the Company on 11 June 2024 for consideration of $119,975                        25,000 shares in the Company on 24 February 2025 for
    through an on-market acquisition.                                                consideration of $24,625 through an on-market acquisition.
•   Peter Mence acquired a beneficial interest in 11,631 shares               •      Stuart McLauchlan acquired a beneficial interest in 1,318
    in the Company on 18 December 2024 for consideration of                          shares in the Company on 26 March 2025 for consideration
    $11,970 under the Company’s dividend reinvestment plan.                          of $1,283 under the Company’s dividend reinvestment plan.
•   Peter Mence acquired a beneficial interest in 12,497 shares in            •      Jeff Morrison acquired a non-beneficial (professional
    the Company on 26 March 2025 for consideration of $12,163                        trustee) interest in 100,000 shares in the Company on
    under the Company’s dividend reinvestment plan.                                  28 May 2024 for consideration of $92,139 through an on-
•   Peter Mence disposed of a beneficial interest in 180,005                         market acquisition.
    performance share rights in the Company on 16 July 2024 for               •      Jeff Morrison acquired a beneficial interest in 50,000 shares
    nil consideration which expired under the Company’s Long                         in the Company on 25 June 2024 for consideration of
    Term Incentive Scheme. Peter Mence acquired a beneficial                         $51,097 through an on-market acquisition.
    interest in 359,310 performance share rights in the Company               •      Jeff Morrison acquired a beneficial interest in 50,000 shares
    on 16 July 2024 for nil consideration which were granted                         in the Company on 26 July 2024 for consideration of
    under the Company’s Long Term Incentive Scheme.                                  $54,856 through an on-market acquisition.
•   Peter Mence acquired a beneficial interest in 56,051 shares in
    the Company on 24 May 2024 for consideration of $59,975
    through an on-market acquisition.



Argosy Property Limited                 Annual Report 2025                                                                                       71
Corporate Governance

Directors and Senior Managers' Share and Bond                       •   Jeff Morrison disposed of two non-beneficial (professional
dealings (continued)                                                    trustee) interests of 5,000 shares each in the Company on
•   Jeff Morrison disposed of a non-beneficial (professional            2 April 2024 for consideration of $5,600 each through an
    trustee) interest in 91,324 shares in the Company on                on-market disposal.
    22 November 2024 for consideration of $99,500 through an        •   Jeff Morrison acquired a non-beneficial (professional
    on-market disposal.                                                 trustee) interest in 43,668 shares in the Company on
•   Jeff Morrison disposed of a non-beneficial (professional            4 June 2020 for consideration of $53,729 through an on-
    trustee) interest in 9,132 shares in the Company on                 market acquisition.
    22 November 2024 for consideration of $9,950 through an         •   Jeff Morrison acquired a non-beneficial (professional
    on-market disposal.                                                 trustee) interest in 100,000 ARG010 Bonds on 12 December
•   Jeff Morrison acquired a beneficial interest in 30,000 shares       2022 for consideration of $94,929 through an on-
    in the Company on 28 November 2024 for consideration of             market acquisition.
    $32,089 through an on-market acquisition.                       •   Jeff Morrison acquired a non-beneficial (professional
•   Jeff Morrison acquired a non-beneficial (professional               trustee) interest in 100,000 ARG020 bonds on 17 May
    trustee) interest in 28,570 shares in the Company on                2024 for consideration of $92,369 through an on-
    10 December 2024 for consideration of $29,999 through an            market acquisition.
    on-market acquisition.                                          •   Jeff Morrison acquired a non-beneficial (professional
•   Jeff Morrison acquired a non-beneficial (professional               trustee) interest in 100,000 ARG020 bonds on 31 July
    trustee) interest in 45,751 shares in the Company on                2024 for consideration of $93,882 through an on-
    11 November 2021 for consideration of $69,228 through an            market acquisition.
    on-market acquisition.
•   Jeff Morrison acquired a non-beneficial (professional
    trustee) interest in 76,923 shares in the Company on
    28 April 2022 for consideration of $102,820 through an on-
    market acquisition.




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                               72
Directors' Interests
The Directors have declared interests in the entities listed below. Where (R) is included next to the interest, the Director has ceased
to have that interest during the year.


Director                      Position                              Company/Organisation

Stuart McLauchlan             Director                              GS McLauchlan & Co
                              Director                              Scenic Hotel Group Limited
                              Chairman                              Dunedin Casinos Limited
                              Chairman                              Analog Digital Instruments Limited
                              Chairman                              Scott Technology Limited
                              Director                              Ebos Group Limited
                              Chairman                              Skyline Aviation Limited
                              Member (R)                            Marsh Limited Advisory Board
                              Trustee                               South Link Education Trust
Mike Pohio                    Chairman                              Rotoiti 15 Investment Limited Partnership
                              Chairman                              Mana Ahuriri Holdings Limited Partnership
                              Director                              Whakapoungakau 24 Limited
                              Director (R)                          Te Atiawa (Taranaki) Holdings Limited
                              Director                              Kiwi Group Capital Limited
                              Chairman                              Te Pou Tahua
Jeff Morrison (Chair)         Trustee                               Spirit of Adventure Trust
Chris Gudgeon                 Director                              National Infrastructure Funding and Financing Limited
                              Chairman                              Ngati Whatua Orakei Whai Rawa Limited
                              Chairman                              Ngati Whatua Orakei Housing Trustee Limited
                              Chairman                              Whai Rawa GP Limited
                              Chairman                              Whai Rawa Kainga Development Limited
                              Member                                KiwiRail Holdings Limited Property Committee
                              Member (R)                            Niwa Future Property Programme Committee
                              Board advisor                         Dialog Property (NZ) Limited
Rachel Winder                 Director                              Current Trading Company Limited
                              Director                              Auckland Thoroughbred Racing Inc.
                              Director                              Te Atiawa Iwi Holdings Management Limited
                              Director                              Te Atiawa (Taranaki) Holdings Limited
                              Director                              Waikato Regional Airport Limited
                              Director                              Titanium Park Limited
Martin Stearne                Director & Shareholder (100%)         Encore Advisory Limited
                              Director                              Impact Ventures CI Limited
                              Member                                Impact Enterprise Fund Investment Committee
                              Member                                NZX RegCo Advisory Panel
                              Member                                Takeovers Panel
                              Senior Advisor                        Montarne Limited
Alex Cutler                   Director & Shareholder                Urban Constructs (NZ) Limited
Peter Mence                   Director                              Argosy Property No. 1 Limited
                              Director                              Argosy Cover Limited
                              Director                              Argosy Property Management Limited
Dave Fraser                   Director                              Argosy Property No. 1 Limited
                              Director                              Argosy Cover Limited
                              Director                              Argosy Property Management Limited




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                                73
Corporate Governance

Information used by Directors
No Director requested to use information received in his or her       Argosy subsidiaries – Directors
capacity as a Director that would not otherwise be available to       As at 31 March 2025:
the Director.
                                                                      •   Jeff Morrison, Peter Mence and Dave Fraser were the
Indemnities and insurance                                                 Directors of Argosy Property No. 1 Limited;
The Company effected insurance for Directors, Officers and            •   Jeff Morrison, Peter Mence and Dave Fraser were the
employees for liability (including defence costs) arising in              Directors of Argosy Property Management Limited; and
respect of acts or omissions while acting in the capacity of a
                                                                      •   Peter Mence, Dave Fraser and Antony WIll were the Directors
director, officer or employee, and a policy for defence costs.
                                                                          of Argosy Cover Limited
External audit firm guidelines                                        No director of any Argosy subsidiary received additional
In addition to the formal constitution under which the Audit          remuneration or benefits in respect of their directorships other
and Risk Committee operates, the Audit and Risk Committee             than Antony Will who is an independent director of Argosy
also has an External Auditor Independence Policy containing           Cover Limited. Other than the entries set out under the heading
procedures to ensure the independence of the Company’s                “Directors' Interests”, there were no entries made in the
external auditor. Argosy’s External Auditor Independence Policy       Interests Registers of Argosy’s subsidiaries during the year to
is available on its website (www.argosy.co.nz).                       31 March 2025. The directors of Argosy’s subsidiaries who are
                                                                      not also directors of the Company have no interests recorded in
The Audit and Risk Committee is responsible for recommending
                                                                      the interest registers of those companies.
the appointment of the external auditor and maintaining
procedures for the rotation of the external audit lead partner.

Under the External Auditor Independence Policy, the external
audit lead partner must be rotated every 5 years.

The Policy covers provision of non-audit services with the
general principle being that the external auditor should not
have any involvement in the production of financial information
or preparation of financial statements such that they might be
perceived as auditing their own work.

Deloitte is the Company’s current external auditor.

NZX rulings and waivers
The Company did not apply to NZX for, nor rely on, any rulings
or waivers during the year to 31 March 2025.

Donations
The Company paid $70,800 across the following sponsorship
payments during the year to 31 March 2025:


Keystone New Zealand Property
                                                            $23,500
Education Trust
Lyall Bay Surf Life Savings Club Inc                         $7,500
New Zealand Green Building Council                          $5,000
Property Council of New Zealand                              $1,500
Special Children's Events New Zealand Ltd                    $2,200
Spirit of Adventure Trust                                    $6,100
St Clair Surf Lifesaving Club Inc                            $7,500
Taylors Mistake Surf Life Saving Club Inc                    $7,500
Variety – the Children’s Charity Incorporated               $10,000

No other member of the Group made donations in the year to
31 March 2025.




Argosy Property Limited                Annual Report 2025                                                                           74
Risk management
Argosy has a robust risk assessment process. Risk assessment            Argosy generally operates within a medium (M), low (L) to
reviews are carried out by a representative cross-section               very low (VL) overall risk range. Argosy has a low-risk appetite
of Argosy’s management team at least twice a year in                    for risks associated with managing developments, Value Add
accordance with Argosy’s Risk Management Framework. A                   projects and compliance matters. Argosy’s key risks are set out
risk assessment review has three phases: identification of              in the table below:
material risks arising from Argosy’s operation; assessment of
the probability and consequences of the risk and development
of controls to achieve a level of residual risk that is within
Argosy’s risk appetite.


Business risk                              Mitigation                                                                     Residual
                                                                                                                         Risk Rating

Asset Management: Unanticipated            Argosy regularly monitors the quality of its portfolio. This includes
loss of value due to regulatory            monitoring of seismic performance, cladding and environmental
                                                                                                                             M
changes, inherent defects or poorly        hazards. Argosy carries out detailed due diligence prior to acquiring
selected acquisitions.                     any property.
Property Development: Delay, cost          Argosy closely monitors project budgets, prepares standardised
increases or supplier default materially   reporting for developments, conducts project end review meetings for
                                                                                                                              L
impacting forecast profitability of        efficiency improvement, maintains a dedicated development team, and
development activities.                    fosters strong relationships with key contractors to mitigate risk.
Economic downturn: Downturn in             Argosy carries out comprehensive due diligence on new tenants
economy leading to tenant distress         and has a diverse base of tenants which provides resilience in an
and reduced leasing demand.                economic downturn. Tenant arrears are reviewed fortnightly and non-
                                           payment is prioritised and addressed with tenants promptly. Our
                                                                                                                             M
                                           portfolio diversification across sectors and geographies, and exposure
                                           to Government tenants, reduces the risk of distressed tenants. Argosy's
                                           weighted average lease term of 5.1 years also limits exposure to reduced
                                           demand during downturns in the business cycle.
Insurance: Failure to adequately           Argosy engages reputable insurance brokers and carries out regular
insure resulting in uninsured losses.      insurance valuations to ensure properties are adequately insured. We
                                           seek to reduce risk by both maintaining strong relationships with
                                           local insurers and by accessing offshore insurers in London. Argosy
                                                                                                                             VL
                                           has established an insurance captive to improve access to overseas
                                           reinsurance markets thereby reducing risks in relation to securing
                                           adequate insurance cover at reasonable cost, particularly in relation to
                                           Wellington earthquake risk.
Health and safety: Non-compliance          Argosy has a health and safety framework to manage health and safety
with health and safety legislation         risk. Health and safety is overseen at a management level by the Health
by Argosy or its contractors leading       and Safety Committee, and health and safety is a standing agenda item
to preventable health and safety           with routine reporting at Board meetings. Our health and safety systems           VL
incidents resulting in serious injury      are independently reviewed on a three-yearly cycle. We collaborate with
or death.                                  contractors and tenants to promote high standards of health and safety
                                           at Argosy sites.
Disruption to business continuity:         Argosy maintains a business continuity plan under which each
Interruption to business as usual          employee can work from home and Argosy's business as usual
operations at Argosy's corporate           operations can be carried out away from its corporate offices.
                                                                                                                             VL
premises due to natural disaster or        Information technology systems are cloud-based and backed up
other events impacting Argosy's staff,     locally and overseas ensuring the security and accessibility of
property or systems.                       business records.




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                                75
Corporate Governance

Business risk                              Mitigation                                                                   Residual
                                                                                                                       Risk Rating

Cyber crime: Financial loss, loss of       Argosy staff undertake regular cyber security training to prevent
business records, or unauthorised          unauthorised access to Argosy's computer network and systems.
disclosure of sensitive information        Argosy systems incorporate security features such as disk encryption,
due to criminal activity involving         strong passwords, multi-factor authentication, anti-spam technologies,
the use of a computer, network, or         monitoring tools to pre-emptively detect incidents, and analysis tools
networked device.                          to identify incidents as they happen or after they occur. There are
                                           also strong controls to prevent fraud-induced payments. Argosy's
                                           information technology systems are cloud-based, with multiple backups           L
                                           locally and overseas by reputable providers to ensure the security
                                           and accessibility of business records. Were Argosy's business records
                                           to become inaccessible due to a cyber event, many key records
                                           could be reconstructed from hard copy documentation and third party
                                           information (such as lease documentation and bank records) and
                                           monthly automatic lease payments would continue to be received
                                           from tenants
Interest rates and liquidity:              Argosy follows a hedging policy under which it operates within hedging
Unexpected interest rates rises or         bands recommended by independent treasury advisors. Bank funding is
rapid and unexpected appreciation          confirmed until at least October 2027, and there is added diversification
of funding margins leading to              and tenor from Argosy's Green Bonds. The average duration of Argosy's           M
increased costs; or limited capacity       total funding is 2.7 years.
or rationed lending restricts access to
debt funding.
Breach of bank covenants:                  Argosy operates under a capital management framework which ensures
Reduction in property values or            regular monitoring of bank covenants. Argosy maintains significant
increase in interest costs causes          headroom in its facilities and fosters strong relationships with its
                                                                                                                           L
Argosy to breach bank covenants            banking syndicate. Regular monitoring includes forecasts of key ratios
                                           (and associated sensitivity analysis) and takes into account the impact
                                           of material transactions.




Argosy Property Limited                Annual Report 2025                                                                            76
Investor Statistics

20 LARGEST REGISTERED FINANCIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
Rank Name                                                                                                     Units            % Units

  1     Accident Compensation Corporation                                                              83,301,296                9.73
  2     FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                         66,770,343                7.80
  3     HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                                            55,326,262                6.46
  4     BNP Paribas Nominees (NZ) Limited                                                              50,457,212                5.89
  5     New Zealand Depository Nominee Limited                                                         32,721,588                3.82
  6     Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                                32,605,576                3.81
  7     Citibank Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                                        31,935,544                3.73
  8     Tea Custodians Limited Client Property Trust Account                                           29,718,706                3.47
  9     Investment Custodial Services Limited                                                          25,219,318                2.94
 10     HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited A/C State Street                                           23,963,184                2.80
 11     JPMorgan Chase Bank Na NZ Branch-Segregated Clients Acct                                       23,641,577                2.76
 12     Custodial Services Limited                                                                     13,449,423                1.57
 13     Adminis Custodial Nominees Limited                                                             13,337,001                1.56
 14     Simplicity Nominees Limited                                                                    10,870,420                1.27
 15     JBWere (NZ) Nominees Limited                                                                   10,706,476                1.25
 16     PT (Booster Investments) Nominees Limited                                                       9,548,257                1.11
 17     Christine Anne Mansell & Harvan Trustees Limited                                                7,547,500                0.88
 18     Jarden Custodians Limited                                                                       6,926,319                0.81
 19     NZX WT Nominees Limited                                                                         5,854,721                0.68
 20     Peter John Whiting & Janet Graham Whiting & Peter Austin Gowing                                 5,843,340                0.68

SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
                                                                              Date notice filed       No of shares    % of total shares

Accident Compensation Corporation                                            30 October 2023          78,916,213                9.32%
FirstCape Group Limited                                                           1 May 2024          69,597,744                8.21%
Salt Funds Management                                                           2 March 2023          44,429,493                5.25%

The total number of shares on issue in the Company as at 31 March 2025 was 856,546,809. The only class of shares on issue as at
31 March 2025 were ordinary shares. The number and percentage of shares shown are as advised in the substantial security holder
notice to the Company disclosed by 31 March 2025 and may not be that substantial holder's current relevant interest.

DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
                                                                                                                             Holding
Holding Range                                                  Holder Count Holder Count %        Holding Quantity         Quantity %

1 to 4,999                                                          1,198             17.63            2,915,104                 0.34
5,000 to 9,999                                                      1,223             17.99            8,845,536                 1.03
10,000 to 49,999                                                    3,232             47.55          71,591,637                  8.36
50,000 to 99,999                                                      632              9.30          42,081,412                  4.91
100,000 to 499,999                                                    435              6.40          79,915,973                  9.33
500,000 to 999,999                                                      35             0.51          24,476,418                  2.86
≥1,000,000                                                              42             0.62         626,720,729                 73.17
Total                                                               6,797               100         856,546,809                   100




Argosy Property Limited              Annual Report 2025                                                                               77
Investor Statistics

20 LARGEST REGISTERED HOLDERS OF ARG010 BONDS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
Rank    Name                                                                                        Units          % Units

  1     FNZ Custodians Limited                                                               18,244,000             18.24
  2     Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                      15,843,000             15.84
  3     Custodial Services Limited                                                           14,047,000             14.05
  4     HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                                  11,236,000             11.24
  5     Investment Custodial Services Limited                                                 5,603,000               5.60
  6     PT (Booster Investments) Nominees Limited - Retail                                    5,339,000               5.34
  7     FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                3,109,000               3.11
  8     Commonwealth Bank of Australia                                                        2,761,000               2.76
  9     Bank of New Zealand - Treasury Support                                                2,358,000               2.36
  10    ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited                                                          1,933,000               1.93
  11    Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                       1,418,000               1.42
  12    NZX WT Nominees Limited                                                               1,174,000               1.17
  13    Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                         835,000               0.84
  14    Tea Custodians Limited Client Property Trust Account                                    822,000               0.82
  15    Westpac Banking Corporate NZ Financial Markets Group                                    605,000               0.61
  16    Andrew Patrick Cunningham & Elizabeth Anne Cunningham                                   500,000               0.50
  16    Hugh McCracken Ensor                                                                    500,000               0.50
  18    Craig Paul Werner & Lea Lynn Werner                                                     380,000               0.38
  19    Frimley Foundation                                                                      350,000               0.35
  19    JN & HB Williams Foundation                                                             350,000               0.35

DISTRIBUTION OF ARG010 BONDHOLDERS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
Holding Range                                           Holder Count   Holder Count % Holding Quantity   Holding Quantity %

5,000 to 9,999                                                   53            12.80         294,000                  0.29
10,000 to 49,999                                                266            64.25       5,322,000                  5.32
50,000 to 99,999                                                 56            13.53       3,048,000                  3.05
100,000 to 499,999                                               28             6.76       4,939,000                  4.94
500,000 to 999,999                                                3             0.72       1,835,000                  1.84
≥1,000,000                                                        8             1.94      84,562,000                84.56
Total                                                           414             100      100,000,000                  100




Argosy Property Limited          Annual Report 2025                                                                       78
20 LARGEST REGISTERED HOLDERS OF ARG020 BONDS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
Rank    Name                                                                                        Units          % Units

  1     Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                      18,406,000             18.41
  2     Custodial Services Limited                                                           12,862,000             12.86
  3     FNZ Custodians Limited                                                               12,765,000             12.77
  4     HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                                  12,250,000             12.25
  5     Tea Custodians Limited Client Property Trust Account                                  7,564,000               7.56
  6     Investment Custodial Services Limited                                                 6,925,000               6.93
  7     Westpac Banking Corporate NZ Financial Markets Group                                  5,419,000               5.42
  8     PT (Booster Investments) Nominees Limited - Retail                                    5,416,000               5.42
  9     ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited                                                          2,943,000               2.94
  10    Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                       2,266,000               2.27
  11    ANZ Custodial Services New Zealand Limited                                            1,584,000               1.58
  12    Commonwealth Bank of Australia                                                          867,000               0.87
  13    Bank of New Zealand - Treasury Support                                                  715,000               0.72
  14    Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                         560,000               0.56
  15    FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                  545,000               0.55
  16    Henry & William Williams Memorial Trust Incorporated                                    534,000               0.53
  17    Citibank Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                                 510,000               0.51
  18    Craig Paul Werner & Lea Lynn Werner                                                     464,000               0.46
  19    Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                         377,000               0.38
  20    Frimley Foundation                                                                      300,000               0.30
  20    JN & HB Williams Foundation                                                             300,000               0.30

DISTRIBUTION OF ARG020 BONDHOLDERS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
Holding Range                                           Holder Count   Holder Count % Holding Quantity   Holding Quantity %

5,000 to 9,999                                                   15             9.62          84,000                  0.08
10,000 to 49,999                                                 84            53.85       1,778,000                  1.78
50,000 to 99,999                                                 22            14.10       1,340,000                  1.34
100,000 to 499,999                                               26            16.67       4,567,000                  4.57
500,000 to 999,999                                                3             1.92       1,639,000                  1.64
≥1,000,000                                                        6             3.84      90,592,000                90.59
Total                                                           156             100      100,000,000                  100




Argosy Property Limited          Annual Report 2025                                                                       79
Investor Statistics

20 LARGEST REGISTERED HOLDERS OF ARG030 BONDS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
Rank       Name                                                                                             Units           % Units

  1        Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                           26,962,000              21.57
  2        Custodial Services Limited                                                                19,185,000              15.35
  3        FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                    18,759,000              15.01
  4        Tea Custodians Limited Client Property Trust Account                                      10,337,000                8.27
  5        HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited A/C State Street                                       9,326,000                7.46
  6        NZX WT Nominees Limited                                                                    4,292,000                3.43
  7        Pin Twenty Limited                                                                         3,000,000                2.40
  8        Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                            2,797,000                2.24
  9        JBWere (NZ) Nominees Limited                                                               2,701,000                2.16
  10       Generate Kiwisaver Public Trust Nominees Limited                                           2,525,000                2.02
  11       Investment Custodial Services Limited                                                      2,022,000                1.62
  12       NZPT Custodians (Grosvenor) Limited                                                        2,000,000                1.60
  13       BNP Paribas Nominees (NZ) Limited                                                          1,800,000                1.44
  14       PT (Booster Investments) Nominees Limited - Retail                                         1,672,000                1.34
  15       Public Trust Class 10 Nominees Limited                                                     1,599,000                1.28
  16       FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                     1,264,000                1.01
  17       ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited                                                                 912,000                0.73
  18       Sandore Limited                                                                              800,000                0.64
  19       Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                              643,000                0.51
  20       ANZ Custodial Services New Zealand Limited                                                   576,000                0.46

DISTRIBUTION OF ARG030 BONDHOLDERS AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
Holding Range                                              Holder Count    Holder Count % Holding Quantity       Holding Quantity %

5,000 to 9,999                                                       27             10.63            148,000                   0.12
10,000 to 49,999                                                   158              62.20           3,139,000                  2.51
50,000 to 99,999                                                     25               9.84          1,445,000                  1.16
100,000 to 499,999                                                   28             11.02           4,928,000                  3.94
500,000 to 999,999                                                    6               2.36          3,551,000                  2.84
≥1,000,000                                                           10               3.95     111,789,000                   89.43
Total                                                              254                100      125,000,000                     100

HOLDINGS OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AS AT 31 MARCH 2025
                                                                                   No. of shares      No. of shares    No. of bonds
Director                                                                         (non beneficial)      (beneficial) (non beneficial)

Stuart McLauchlan                                                                                        103,504
Chris Gudgeon                                                                                             18,100
Martin Stearne                                                                                           200,000
Mike Pohio                                                                                                50,000
Rachel Winder                                                                                             14,000
Jeff Morrison                                                                        1,617,551           302,332        2,200,000
Alex Cutler


Directors' Statement
The Board is responsible for preparing the Annual Report. This report is dated 20 May 2025 and is signed on behalf of the Board of
Argosy Property Limited by Jeff Morrison, Chairman and Stuart McLauchlan, Director.




Jeff Morrison                                  Stuart McLauchlan
Chairman                                       Director




Argosy Property Limited             Annual Report 2025                                                                               80
Directory

Directors                                              RUSSELL MCVEAGH
ARGOSY PROPERTY LIMITED                                Vero Centre
Chris Gudgeon, Auckland                                48 Shortland Street
Stuart McLauchlan, Dunedin                             Auckland
Jeff Morrison, Auckland                                Telephone: (09) 367 8000
Mike Pohio, Christchurch                               Bankers to the Company
Rachel Winder, Auckland
                                                       ANZ BANK NEW ZEALAND LIMITED
Martin Stearne, Auckland
Alex Cutler, Auckland                                  ANZ House
                                                       23–29 Albert Street
MANAGEMENT                                             Auckland
Peter Mence, Chief Executive Officer
                                                       BANK OF NEW ZEALAND LIMITED
Dave Fraser, Chief Financial Officer
                                                       80 Queen Street
                                                       Auckland
Registered Office
                                                       COMMONWEALTH BANK OF AUSTRALIA
39 Market Place
Auckland 1010                                          ASB North Wharf
PO Box 90214                                           12 Jellicoe Street
Victoria Street West                                   Auckland
Auckland 1142                                          WESTPAC NEW ZEALAND LIMITED
Telephone: (09) 304 3400
                                                       16 Takutai Square
                                                       Auckland
Registrar                                              INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL BANK OF CHINA (NEW
COMPUTERSHARE INVESTOR SERVICES LIMITED                ZEALAND) LIMITED
159 Hurstmere Road                                     188 Quay Street
Takapuna                                               Auckland
Private Bag 92119
Auckland 1142
Telephone: (09) 488 8700                               Bond supervisor
Facsimile: (09) 488 8787                               THE NEW ZEALAND GUARDIAN TRUST
                                                       COMPANY LIMITED
Auditor
                                                       191 Queen Street
DELOITTE
                                                       Auckland
Deloitte Centre
1 Queen Street
Private Bag 115003
Shortland Street
Auckland 1010
Telephone: (09) 303 0700

Legal Advisors
HARMOS HORTON LUSK LIMITED
Vero Centre
48 Shortland Street
Auckland
Telephone: (09) 921 4300




Argosy Property Limited           Annual Report 2025                                             81
39 Market Place
PO Box 90214
Victoria Street West
Auckland 1142
P / 09 304 3400




argosy.co.nz
