CONTENTS

 2    Corporate Information

 4    Financial and Business Highlights

 15   Management Discussion and Analysis

 43   Corporate Governance and Other Information

 59   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

 60   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

 61   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
      Comprehensive Income

 62   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

 64   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 66   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 67   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report

 79   Definitions
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                 AUDIT COMMITTEE
    Chairman of the Board and Non-executive Director   Dr. LI Yuedong (李越冬) (Chairperson)
                                                       Dr. TU Wenwei (涂文偉)
    Mr. LIU Gexin (劉革新)
                                                       Dr. ZHENG Qiang (鄭強)

    Executive Director
                                                       REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Dr. GE Junyou (葛均友)
                                                       Dr. ZHENG Qiang (鄭強) (Chairperson)
    Non-executive Directors                            Mr. LIU Sichuan (劉思川)
                                                       Dr. JIN Jinping (金錦萍)
    Mr. LIU Sichuan (劉思川)
    Mr. LAI Degui (賴德貴)
                                                       NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. FENG Hao (馮昊)
    Ms. LIAO Yihong (廖益虹)                              Mr. LIU Gexin (劉革新) (Chairperson)
    Mr. ZENG Xuebo (曾學波)                               Dr. TU Wenwei (涂文偉)
                                                       Dr. JIN Jinping (金錦萍)
    Independent Non-executive Directors

    Dr. ZHENG Qiang (鄭強)                               AUDITOR
    Dr. TU Wenwei (涂文偉)                                KPMG
    Dr. JIN Jinping (金錦萍)                              Public Interest Entity Auditor registered
    Dr. LI Yuedong (李越冬)                                   in accordance with the Accounting and
                                                           Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                          8/F, Prince’s Building
                                                       10 Chater Road
    Mr. ZHOU Zejian (周澤劍)
                                                       Central
    Mr. CHUNG Ming Fai (鍾明輝)
                                                       Hong Kong

    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                       REGISTERED OFFICE, HEADQUARTERS
    Dr. GE Junyou (葛均友)                                AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. CHUNG Ming Fai (鍾明輝)                           THE PRC
                                                       No. 666 Xinhua Avenue
    SUPERVISORS (From the beginning of the
                                                       Chengdu Cross-Strait Science and
    Reporting Period until the abolishment of
                                                       Technology Industry Development Park
    the Supervisory Committee on June 20,
                                                       Wenjiang District, Chengdu
    2025)
                                                       Sichuan Province, PRC
    Ms. LIAO Yihong (廖益虹)
    Dr. SONG Hongmei (宋宏梅)                             PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
    Ms. YANG Qiuyan (楊秋艷)                              KONG
    Dr. QING Yan (卿燕)
                                                       40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
                                                       No. 248 Queen’s Road East
                                                       Wanchai
                                                       Hong Kong




2      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL BANKS
Bank of China Limited
Chengdu Wenjiang Sub Branch


Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
Chengdu Wenjiang Sub Branch


China CITIC Bank Corporation Ltd.
Chengdu Yingbin Avenue Sub Branch


China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Chengdu Wenjiang Sub Branch


HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISERS
Sullivan & Cromwell (Hong Kong) LLP


H SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong


STOCK CODE
H Share: 06990


COMPANY’S WEBSITE
https://kelun-biotech.com




                                               2025 INTERIM REPORT   3
    FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
    The independent auditor of the Company has carried out a review of the interim financial information in accordance
    with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the
    Independent Auditor of the Entity”, issued by the HKICPA.


                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                     2025                     2024                 Period to
                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000             period change
                                                                            (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

    Revenue                                                                      950,445                 1,382,791                   -31.3%
    Research and development expenses                                            (611,539)                (652,337)                    -6.3%
    (Loss)/profit for the period                                                 (145,175)                 310,226                  -146.8%
    Adjusted (loss)/profit for the period(1)                                      (69,398)                 385,636                  -118.0%


                                                                                     As at                     As at
                                                                                June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                     2025                     2024

    Cash and financial assets(2)                                               4,527,814                 3,075,651                    47.2%
    Total Equity                                                               5,014,290                 3,308,661                    51.6%


    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
    Since the beginning of 2025, we have made encouraging progress in our business:


    •        Key developments of our ADC and novel DC assets:

             o       We have more than 10 ADC and novel DC assets at clinical stage or above, including sac-TMT (佳泰萊®)
                     which has received marketing authorization for two indications, and trastuzumab botidotin (舒泰萊 ®)(3)
                     which has reached NDA stage for HER2+ BC.




    Notes:


    (1)      Calculated by deducting equity-settled share-based payment from profit/(loss) for the period. The equity-settled share-based
             payment was RMB75.8 million and RMB75.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.


    (2)      Comprises cash and cash equivalents, restricted deposits, financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, financial
             assets measured at amortized cost and financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.


    (3)      Trade name to be approved by NMPA.




4         SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                         FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


o   Sac-TMT has received the following marketing authorizations in China from the NMPA, and we have
    commenced their commercialization:


         Sac-TMT in adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC who have
          received at least two prior systemic therapies (at least one of them for advanced or metastatic
          setting); and


         Sac-TMT in treatment of adult patients with EGFR mutant-positive locally advanced or metastatic
          non-squamous NSCLC following progression on EGFR-TKI therapy and platinum-based
          chemotherapy. This is the first TROP2 ADC drug approved for marketing in LC globally.


o   Our Core Product sac-TMT (sacituzumab tirumotecan, TROP2 ADC) (also known as SKB264/
    MK-2870) (佳泰萊 ® ):


    o     TNBC. In November 2024, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA for sac-
          TMT in adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC who have received
          at least two prior systemic therapies (at least one of them for advanced or metastatic setting).
          Sac-TMT is the first domestically developed ADC with global intellectual property rights to receive
          complete marketing authorization in China.


          Our results from the Phase 3 study of sac-TMT in patients with previously treated locally recurrent
          or metastatic TNBC were presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in May 2024. Sac-TMT
          demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS and OS. The
          median PFS, as assessed by BICR, was 6.7 months (95% CI: 5.5, 8.0) with sac-TMT and 2.5
          months (95% CI: 1.7, 2.7) with chemotherapy, and HR was 0.32 (95% CI: 0.24, 0.44, p<0.00001),
          and the risk of disease progression or death was reduced by 68%. The median OS was not
          reached with sac-TMT (95% CI: 11.2, NE) and 9.4 months with chemotherapy (95% CI: 8.5, 11.7),
          HR was 0.53 (95% CI: 0.36, 0.78, p=0.0005), and the risk of death was reduced by 47%. ORR
          was 45.4% with sac-TMT compared to 12% with chemotherapy. The subset of patients with high
          TROP2 expression (H-score>200) had a higher median PFS (8.3 months) and ORR (52.1%) with
          sac-TMT.


          We have initiated a Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT monotherapy versus investigator-
          choice chemotherapy for 1L advanced TNBC.


    o     HR+/HER2- BC. In May 2025, the NDA for sac-TMT for the treatment of adult patients with
          unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2- BC who have received prior ET and other
          systemic treatments in the advanced or metastatic setting was accepted by the NMPA, and was
          included in the priority review and approval process. A Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT
          versus investigator’s choice of chemotherapy for treatment of patients with unresectable locally
          advanced, recurrent or metastatic HR+/HER2- BC who received prior ET is in progress.




                                                                                  2025 INTERIM REPORT           5
    FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


                    o      EGFR-mutant NSCLC. In March 2025, we received marketing authorization in China from the
                           NMPA for sac-TMT for the treatment of adult patients with EGFR mutant-positive locally advanced
                           or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC following progression on EGFR-TKI therapy and platinum-
                           based chemotherapy. Sac-TMT monotherapy demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically
                           meaningful improvement in ORR, PFS and OS compared with docetaxel. This is the first TROP2
                           ADC drug approved for marketing in LC globally.


                           Our results from the pivotal study of sac-TMT in patients with previously treated advanced EGFR-
                           mutant NSCLC were presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in June 2025. Sac-TMT achieved
                           statistically significant clinical outcomes compared to docetaxel: confirmed ORR (BIRC: 45.1%
                           vs 15.6%, one-sided p=0.0004); PFS (BIRC: median 6.9 vs 2.8 months, HR=0.30, one-sided
                           p<0.0001; INV: median 7.9 vs 2.8 months, HR=0.23); with 36.4% of patients in docetaxel group
                           crossed over to receive sac-TMT, median OS was NR for both groups (HR=0.49, one-sided
                           p=0.007). The median OS analysed by pre-specified RPSFT model adjusted for crossover was 9.3
                           months for docetaxel and NR for sac-TMT (HR=0.36).


                           In addition, a Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT combined with osimertinib as first-line
                           treatment of locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous EGFR-mutant NSCLC is in progress.


                    o      EGFR-wild type NSCLC. Two Phase 3 registrational studies of sac-TMT, namely (i) sac-TMT in
                           combination with pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA®)(4) versus pembrolizumab for first-line treatment
                           of patients with PD-L1 positive locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, and (ii) sac-TMT in
                           combination with pembrolizumab versus chemotherapy combined with pembrolizumab as first-line
                           treatment for patients with PD-L1 negative locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC
                           are in progress.


                           In June 2025, sac-TMT in combination with tagitanlimab was granted Breakthrough Therapy
                           Designation by the NMPA for the first-line treatment of locally advanced or metastatic non-
                           squamous NSCLC without actionable genomic alterations.


                    o      Other indications. We are actively exploring the potential of sac-TMT both as a monotherapy and
                           in combination with other therapies for treating other solid tumors, including GC, EC, CC, OC, UC,
                           CRPC and HNSCC.


                    o      Global clinical development. In May 2022, we licensed to MSD the exclusive rights to develop,
                           use, manufacture and commercialize sac-TMT in all territories outside of Greater China (which
                           includes Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan). As at the date of this Interim Report,
                           MSD is progressing 14 ongoing Phase 3 global, multi-center clinical studies for sac-TMT for several
                           types of cancer including BC, LC, gynecological cancer and GI cancer. We are also collaborating
                           with MSD on several global Phase 2 basket studies for sac-TMT as monotherapy or in combination
                           with other agents for multiple solid tumors and those studies are ongoing.


    Notes:


    (4)      Pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA®) is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.,
             Rahway, NJ, USA.


6         SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                  FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


o   Clinical data readout. We presented clinical data on studies of sac-TMT at various academic
    conferences and published in journals, such as:


          2025 ASCO GU Cancers Symposium.


           •      Efficacy and safety results from the Phase 1/2 KL 264-01/MK-2870-001 study
                  (NCT04152499) of sac-TMT monotherapy in patients with unresectable, locally
                  advanced or metastatic UC who progressed on or after prior anti-cancer therapies;


          2025 ASCO Annual Meeting.


           •      Sac-TMT in patients with previously treated advanced EGFR-mutated NSCLC:
                  Results from the randomized OptiTROP-Lung03 study;


           •      Sac-TMT as first-line treatment for unresectable locally advanced/metastatic TNBC:
                  Initial results from the Phase 2 OptiTROP-Breast05 study;


           •      Sac-TMT in combination with tagitanlimab (anti-PD-L1) in first-line advanced
                  NSCLC: Non-squamous cohort from the Phase 2 OptiTROP-Lung01 study;


           •      Sac-TMT in patients with previously treated locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC
                  harboring uncommon EGFR mutations: Preliminary results from a Phase 2 Study;


          The British Medical Journal.


           •      Sac-TMT versus docetaxel for previously treated EGFR-mutated advanced NSCLC:
                  multicentre, open label, randomised controlled trial (OptiTROP-Lung03);


          Nature Medicine.


           •      Sac-TMT in previously treated metastatic TNBC: a randomized Phase 3 trial
                  (OptiTROP-Breast01);


           •      Sac-TMT in advanced NSCLC with or without EGFR mutations: Phase 1/2 and
                  Phase 2 trials; and


          Journal of Hematology & Oncology.


           •      Results of a phase 1/2 study of sac-TMT in patients with unresectable locally
                  advanced or metastatic solid tumors refractory to standard therapies.


    In addition, we will present results from a few clinical studies of sac-TMT at 2025 ESMO Congress
    to be held in Berlin, Germany from October 17 to 21, 2025, local time.




                                                                              2025 INTERIM REPORT     7
    FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


             o      Our Core Product trastuzumab botidotin (HER2 ADC, also known as A166) (舒泰萊 ® )(5):


                          In January 2025, an NDA for the treatment of adult patients with HER2+ unresectable or metastatic
                           BC who have received at least one prior anti-HER2 therapy was accepted by the CDE of the
                           NMPA. At a pre-specified interim analysis, trastuzumab botidotin monotherapy demonstrated a
                           statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in the primary endpoint of PFS as
                           assessed by the BICR compared with T-DM1.


                          Trastuzumab botidotin has met the primary endpoints of its pivotal Phase 2 trial for 3L+ advanced
                           HER2+ BC based on results from the primary analysis, which we used to submit an NDA to the
                           NMPA.


                          We have also initiated an open, multicenter Phase 2 clinical study of trastuzumab botidotin in the
                           treatment of HER2+ unresectable or metastatic BC that previously received a topoisomerase
                           inhibitor ADC.


             o      Others:


                          SKB315 (CLDN18.2 ADC). The early-stage clinical data of SKB315 demonstrates promising
                           efficacy and acceptable safety profile in GC with mid and high CLDN18.2 expression. We are
                           conducting a Phase 1b clinical trial of SKB315 and have initiated the exploration in combination
                           with immunotherapy for the treatment of GC/GEJC. Results of a Phase 1 study of SKB315 will be
                           presented at 2025 ESMO Congress in October 2025.


                          SKB410/MK-3120 (Nectin-4 ADC). SKB410 has shown promising Phase 1 clinical data. MSD, as
                           the sponsor, has launched the global Phase 1/2 clinical trial of SKB410/MK-3120.


                          SKB571/MK-2750. SKB571 is a novel bsADC that primarily targets various solid tumors such as
                           LC and CRC etc. being developed in collaboration with MSD. The Phase 2 clinical trial in China is
                           to be initiated.


                          SKB518, SKB535/MK-6204 and SKB445. SKB518, SKB535 and SKB445 are novel ADC
                           drugs with potential FIC targets. The Phase 2 clinical trial for SKB518 and the Phase 1 clinical
                           trials for SKB535 and SKB445 are ongoing in China. The Company has entered into a license and
                           collaboration agreement with MSD to develop SKB535.


                          SKB500 and SKB501. SKB500 and SKB501 are novel ADC drugs with verified targets but
                           differentiated payload-linker strategies. In November and December 2024, we received a clinical
                           trial notice approving the IND application of SKB501 and SKB500, respectively, for advanced solid
                           tumors from the NMPA.




    Notes:


    (5)      Trade name to be approved by NMPA.


8         SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


                SKB107. SKB107 is a RDC drug jointly developed by us and the Affiliated Hospital of Southwest
                 Medical University (西南醫科大學附屬醫院) targeting bone metastases in solid tumors. In March
                 2025, an IND application for SKB107 was approved by the NMPA and the Phase 1 study is
                 ongoing.


•   Key developments of our non-DC assets:

    o     We have received the following marketing authorizations in China from the NMPA for tagitanlimab and
          Cetuximab N01:


                Tagitanlimab (科泰萊 ®) . (1) Tagitanlimab for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic
                 NPC who have failed after prior 2L+ chemotherapy, and (2) tagitanlimab used in combination with
                 cisplatin and gemcitabine for the first-line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC;
                 and


                Cetuximab N01 (達泰萊 ®) . Cetuximab N01 Injection used in combination with FOLFOX or FOLFIRI
                 regimens for first-line treatment of RAS wild-type mCRC.


    o     Tagitanlimab (PD-L1 mAb, also known as A167) (科泰萊®). In December 2024, we received marketing
          authorization of tagitanlimab in China from NMPA for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic
          NPC who have failed after prior 2L+ chemotherapy. In January 2025, we received marketing authorization
          of tagitanlimab used in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the first-line treatment of patients
          with recurrent or metastatic NPC in China from NMPA. Tagitanlimab is the first PD-L1 mAb globally to
          receive authorization for the first-line treatment of NPC.


          Based on a randomized, double-blinded, placebo controlled, multi-center, Phase 3 clinical study which
          evaluates the efficacy and safety results of tagitanlimab in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine
          versus placebo in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic
          NPC, as presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in May 2025, tagitanlimab used in combination with
          cisplatin and gemcitabine for the first-line treatment of recurrent or metastatic NPC has better PFS, higher
          ORR and extended DoR compared with chemotherapy, and has benefitted all patients regardless of
          PD-L1 expression. The median PFS for tagitanlimab in combination with chemotherapy is not reached
          compared to 7.9 months for placebo in combination with chemotherapy (HR=0.47, 95% CI: 0.33-0.66,
          p<0.0001), and the risk of disease progression and death is reduced by 53%; ORR is 81.7% vs 74.5%;
          median DoR is 11.7 vs 5.8 months (HR=0.48, 95% CI: 0.32-0.70), which is nearly double compared to
          the placebo arm; the beneficial trend for OS of tagitanlimab in combination with chemotherapy has already
          been observed (HR=0.62, 95% CI: 0.32-1.22), and its risk of death is reduced by 38%.




                                                                                           2025 INTERIM REPORT           9
 FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


          o      Cetuximab N01 (EGFR mAb, also known as A140) (達泰萊®). In February 2025, we received marketing
                 authorization in China from the NMPA for Cetuximab N01 Injection used in combination with FOLFOX
                 or FOLFIRI regimens for first-line treatment of RAS wild-type mCRC. As demonstrated by a large-scale
                 domestic Phase 3 clinical study conducting a head-to-head comparison of Cetuximab N01 Injection with
                 Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux®), the Cetuximab N01 combination chemotherapy was clinical
                 equivalent in ORR (Cetuximab N01 vs Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux®): 71.0% vs 77.5%; ORR
                 ratio is 0.93 (95% CI: 0.87, 0.99)), and Cetuximab N01 did not demonstrate any clinically meaningful or
                 statistically significant differences in DoR and PFS compared with Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux®)
                 (median PFS: 10.9 months vs 10.8 months, HR: 1.03 (95% CI: 0.83, 1.28); median DoR: 10.2 months
                 vs 9.5 months). As for safety, this study has sufficiently proven that the Cetuximab N01 combination
                 chemotherapy is comparable in terms of safety, tolerance and immunogenicity to the Cetuximab Solution
                 for Injection (Erbitux®) combination chemotherapy.


          o      A400/EP0031 (RET inhibitor). We are currently conducting pivotal clinical studies for 1L & 2L+ advanced
                 RET+ NSCLC as well as a Phase 1b/2 clinical study for RET+ MTC and solid tumor in China. Through our
                 collaboration and license agreement, Ellipses Pharma is progressing their phase 2 clinical study globally
                 outside of China.


                 Our results from the Phase 1 study of A400 in patients with advanced RET-mutant MTC were presented
                 at the ASCO Annual Meeting in May 2025. The confirmed ORR was 63.0% and the DCR was 100% for
                 overall population. The confirmed ORR was 56.3% (9/16) and 62.5% (5/8) in patients with prior MKI or
                 treatment naïve, respectively. Median DoR was not reached, with the longest duration still ongoing at 25.8
                 months. Similarly, median PFS was not reached, with the 24-month PFS rate of 77.8%.


          o      SKB378/WIN378 (TSLP mAb). We completed Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy subjects in China. In
                 January 2025, an IND application for SKB378 for the treatment of COPD was approved by the NMPA.
                 Our collaboration partner, Windward Bio, has launched the Phase 2 POLARIS trial in patients with asthma.


          o      SKB336 (FXI/FXIa mAb). We completed Phase 1 clinical trial in China.


          o      A296 (STING agonist). We are carrying out a Phase 1 trial in China.


 •        Commercialization. We have received marketing authorization for sac-TMT (佳泰萊®), tagitanlimab (科泰萊®)
          and Cetuximab N01 (達泰萊®) and have commenced their commercialization. Based on the expected approval
          timeline of each late-stage project in our pipeline, subject to regulatory communications and marketing approval,
          we expect to launch trastuzumab botidotin (舒泰萊®)(6) in the China market and file an NDA for A400 in the second
          half of 2025.


          The total commercial sales reached RMB309.8 million for the first half of 2025. Among them, the sales of sac-
          TMT (佳泰萊®) accounted for 97.6%. At the same time, all accounts receivables from sales of pharmaceutical
          products were collected within the payment period, ensuring efficient and stable cash flow.



 Notes:


 (6)      Trade name to be approved by NMPA.


10     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                             FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


Currently, our businesses have covered 30 provinces, over 300 prefectures and over 2,000 hospitals, where
over 1,000 hospitals generated sales, and reached tens of thousands of healthcare professionals through
various types of marketing campaigns to convey product and medical professional information. In addition, we
have obtained authoritative endorsement for our products from experts in clinical guidelines, such as “CSCO
Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Breast Cancer (2025 edition) (CSCO 乳腺癌診療指南(2025年版))”, “CSCO
Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (2025 edition) (CSCO非小細胞肺癌診療指
南(2025年版))”, “CBCS&CSOBO Guidelines for Breast Cancer Diagnosis and Treatment (2025 Concise Edition)
(CBCS&CSOBO乳腺癌診治指南與規範(2025年精要本))”, “Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Advanced
Breast Cancer in China (2024 edition) (中國晚期乳腺癌規範診療指南(2024版))” and “Chinese Medical Association
Clinical Practice Guidelines for Lung Cancer (中華醫學會肺癌臨床診療指南(2025版))”, providing further support
for the commercialization process.


We have established a fully-fledged marketing team of over 350 people, dedicated to preparing and implementing
the marketing and commercialization of our strategic products. Within the marketing team, we have established
a departmental structure that includes marketing, sales, medical affairs, strategic planning and commercial
excellence as well as marketing compliance functions. The commercialization team will continue to expand to
capture more market opportunities in the future as more products and indications are launched and are included
in the medical insurance. Currently, among the commercialized products and therapeutic areas, the business
team is divided into breast cancer, lung cancer, and other tumors based on indications, and the synergy of
the indications of commercialized products are conducive to the implementation of marketing and promotional
activities.


In the first half of 2025, our products were promoted through our self-built marketing teams and sold primarily
through DTP pharmacies. We have established stable relationships with multiple leading commercial and
distribution groups, including 60+ Tier 1 distributors and 400+ DTP pharmacies. A hierarchical management
system for pharmacy retail has been adopted and trainings have been provided to around 4,500 pharmacists in
the first half of 2025. By organizing nationwide pharmacy trainings, the company has significantly enhanced the
professionalism of terminal services and improved the ability to provide patients with medication guidance.


The Company has actively optimized its network strategy. In the first half of 2025, sac-TMT (佳泰萊 ®), tagitanlimab
(科泰萊®) and Cetuximab N01 (達泰萊®) have been included in 29, 25 and 15 provincial networks, respectively,
ensuring rapid market access through provincial procurement channels. We have been actively advancing the
preparation work for the National Reimbursement Drug List (國家醫保藥品目錄) access of the relevant strategic
products, including preparing for the value dossier and application materials of the relevant products. All of our
commercialized products, including sac-TMT (佳泰萊®), tagitanlimab (科泰萊®) and Cetuximab N01 (達泰萊®),
have passed the preliminary formal examination of National Reimbursement Drug List.


Meanwhile, to further reduce the burden of patients and implement the concept of inclusive healthcare, we have
been proactively facilitating the enrollment of sac-TMT (佳泰萊®) in provincial and prefecture city level Inclusive
Insurance (惠民保). As at the end of the Reporting Period, sac-TMT (佳泰萊®) has been enrolled in more than 7
provinces and 20 cities.


Globally, we will continue to pursue a flexible strategy to capture the commercial value in major international
markets, through forging synergistic license and collaboration opportunities worldwide.




                                                                                          2025 INTERIM REPORT        11
 FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


 •      Highlights of our License and Collaboration Arrangements.

        o     Collaboration with MSD. We have entered into license and collaboration agreements with MSD to
              develop multiple ADC assets for cancer treatment.


                    Sac-TMT: We have granted MSD an exclusive, royalty-bearing and sub-licensable license to
                     develop, use, manufacture and commercialize sac-TMT outside Greater China. We retain the right
                     to develop and commercialize sac-TMT within Greater China. As at the date of this Interim Report,
                     MSD has initiated 14 ongoing Phase 3 global clinical studies of sac-TMT as a monotherapy or with
                     pembrolizumab or other agents for several types of cancer. The following studies are sponsored
                     and led by MSD:


                     ➢      BC.


                            o      Adjuvant sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab versus TPC in TNBC who received
                                   neoadjuvant pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy and did not achieve a pCR at
                                   surgery;


                            o      Sac-TMT as a monotherapy and in combination with pembrolizumab versus TPC
                                   in participants with previously untreated locally recurrent unresectable or metastatic
                                   TNBC expressing PD-L1 at CPS<10;


                            o      Sac-TMT as a single agent and in combination with pembrolizumab versus TPC in
                                   participants with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2- BC (after
                                   one or more lines of ET);


                            o      Sac-TMT followed by carboplatin/paclitaxel versus chemotherapy, both in
                                   combination with pembrolizumab as neoadjuvant therapy for high-risk, early-stage
                                   TNBC or HR-low positive/HER2-negative BC;


                     ➢      LC.


                            o      Adjuvant sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab in adult participants
                                   with resectable NSCLC not achieving a pCR after receiving neoadjuvant
                                   pembrolizumab with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy followed by surgery;


                            o      Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab monotherapy
                                   in the first-line treatment of participants with metastatic NSCLC expressing PD-L1
                                   greater than or equal to 50 percent;


                            o      Sac-TMT monotherapy versus standard chemotherapy for the treatment of
                                   previously treated advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR mutations or other
                                   genomic alterations (after 1 or 2 prior lines of EGFR-TKI and 1 platinum-based
                                   therapy after progression on or after EGFR-TKI);




12   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                     FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


           o       Sac-TMT versus pemetrexed and carboplatin combination therapy in participants
                   with EGFR-mutated, advanced non-squamous NSCLC who have progressed on
                   prior EGFR-TKI;


           o       Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab as
                   maintenance treatment in the first-line treatment of metastatic squamous NSCLC
                   after induction treatment with pembrolizumab plus carboplatin and paclitaxel or nab-
                   paclitaxel;


    ➢      Gynecological cancer.


           o       Sac-TMT monotherapy versus chemotherapy for the treatment of EC who have
                   received prior platinum-based chemotherapy and immunotherapy;


           o       Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab alone as
                   treatment in participants with mismatch repair proficient EC;


           o       Sac-TMT monotherapy versus TPC as second-line treatment for participants with
                   recurrent or metastatic CC;


           o       Sac-TMT in patients with platinum-sensitive recurrent OC who have received 2L
                   chemotherapy; and


    ➢      GI cancer. Sac-TMT in 3L+ advanced/metastatic GEA.


    We are also collaborating with MSD on several global Phase 2 basket studies for sac-TMT as
    monotherapy or in combination with other agents for multiple solid tumors and those studies are
    ongoing.


   Other ADC assets: In addition to sac-TMT, we are also collaborating with MSD on certain ADC
    assets including SKB410/MK-3120, SKB571/MK-2750, SKB535/MK-6204, etc. to continuously
    explore favorable ADC pipeline portfolios. Through our ADC pipelines, we aim to cover a wide
    range of tumor indications via different targets, to apply differentiated payload-linker strategies for
    ADC assets with different targets to achieve better efficacy and/or differentiated safety profiles,
    and, through various strategies, to explore ADCs in combination. We have granted MSD exclusive
    global licenses to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize multiple ADC assets and
    exclusive options to obtain additional licenses to certain other ADC assets. We retain the right to
    research, develop, manufacture and commercialize certain licenses and option ADCs for mainland
    China, Hong Kong and Macau.




                                                                               2025 INTERIM REPORT        13
 FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


            o      Collaboration with Ellipses Pharma. In March 2021, we have entered into a collaboration and license
                   agreement with Ellipses Pharma, under which we granted Ellipses Pharma an exclusive, revenue sharing,
                   royalty-bearing, sublicensable license to develop, manufacture and commercialize A400 (known as
                   EP0031 by Ellipses Pharma). In March 2024, it was announced that A400/EP0031 was granted Fast Track
                   designation by the FDA for the treatment of RET-fusion positive NSCLC. In April 2024, A400/EP0031
                   was cleared by the FDA to progress into Phase 2 clinical development. As at June 30, 2025, a total of 36
                   clinical sites in the United States, Europe and UAE were set up for EP0031.


            o      Collaboration with Windward Bio. In January 2025, it was announced that we and Harbour BioMed
                   had entered into an exclusive license agreement with Windward Bio, under which we and Harbour
                   BioMed granted Windward Bio an exclusive license for the research, development, manufacturing and
                   commercialization of SKB378/WIN378 globally (excluding Greater China and several Southeast and West
                   Asian countries).


                   In return, we and Harbour BioMed are eligible to receive a total of up to US$970 million upfront and
                   milestone payments as well as single to double-digit tiered royalties on net sales of SKB378/WIN378.
                   Subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement, we and Harbour BioMed are also eligible to
                   receive additional payment from Windward Bio if Windward Bio undergoes a near-term change of control
                   or enters into a sublicense agreement with a third party. The payments to be made by Windward Bio
                   under the license agreement shall be paid in equal amounts to us and Harbour BioMed.


                   In May 2025, it was announced that the Company had received an upfront payment from Windward Bio in
                   line with the terms of the license agreement including: (i) a cash payment, which was received in February
                   2025, and (ii) an equity interest in the parent company of Windward Bio, which was settled in May 2025
                   upon satisfaction of relevant regulatory approvals in mainland China and other closing conditions.


     •      ESG. We have established a comprehensive three-tier ESG governance structure consisting of the Board of
            Directors, ESG Working Group and ESG Executive Body. Among them, the Board of Directors serves as the
            highest responsible and decision-making body for ESG management and information disclosure, guiding and
            supervising the Company’s ESG development. Through the establishment and continuous improvement of the
            ESG governance structure, the Company comprehensively enhances ESG performance ability and ensures the
            Company’s sustainable development. In May, 2025, the company was awarded “Best ESG” by Extel (formerly
            Institutional Investor Research) (前稱“機構投資者”).


     •      Placing of New H Shares. On June 12, 2025, the placing of 5,918,000 H Shares to not less than six placees
            at the placing price of HK$331.80 per Share was completed. The net proceeds from the Placing amounted to
            approximately HK$1,943.0 million.




14       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

I.   BUSINESS REVIEW

     OVERVIEW
     We are a biopharmaceutical company committed to the research and development (R&D), manufacturing and
     commercialization of novel drugs in oncology, immunology and other therapeutic areas. We have two ADC drugs as
     our Core Products, namely, sac-TMT and trastuzumab botidotin. Sac-TMT is a novel TROP2 ADC positioned as a
     monotherapy and part of combination therapies. Trastuzumab botidotin is a differentiated HER2 ADC positioned as
     a monotherapy to treat advanced HER2+ solid tumors. As at the date of this Interim Report, we were developing
     more than 30 candidates in our pipeline, including our Core Product, sac-TMT, tagitanlimab and Cetuximab
     N01, which have received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA. With the recognition of projects with
     competitive advantages and market value, and the aim to allocate our existing R&D resources to such projects,
     our pipeline mainly consists of oncology drug candidates as well as drug candidates for non-oncology diseases
     and conditions such as autoimmune, metabolism and other disease areas.


     Supported by three in-house developed technology platforms with proprietary know-how in ADCs and novel
     DCs, biologics (mAbs and bsAbs) and small molecule drugs and validated by our clinical-stage drug candidates,
     our pipeline is diverse and synergistic in drug modalities, mechanisms, and indication coverage. Notably, we
     are one of the first movers in the development of ADCs, with over a decade of accumulated experience in ADC
     development. We are one of the first biopharmaceutical companies in China, and one of the few globally, to
     establish an in-house developed ADC and novel DC platform, OptiDC™. Our drug development capabilities
     are further bolstered by cGMP-compliant, end-to-end manufacturing capabilities and a comprehensive quality
     management system. Furthermore, we are well-positioned to expand our commercialization infrastructure and
     market access, leveraging our Controlling Shareholder Kelun Pharmaceutical’s decades-long experience, industry
     connections and extensive network.


     The clinical value of our pipeline and our drug development capabilities are recognized by the strategic
     partnerships we have forged worldwide to unlock the global market potential of key assets. We have entered into
     license and collaboration agreements with MSD to develop multiple ADC assets for cancer treatment. According
     to Frost & Sullivan, we are the first China-based company to license internally discovered and developed ADC
     candidates to a top-ten biopharmaceutical multinational corporation. We have also entered into collaboration and
     license agreements with other partners, such as Ellipses Pharma and Windward Bio. Our strategic partnerships
     are not only testaments to our R&D and business development capabilities, but also key drivers of our continued
     innovation, global influence and long-term growth.


     OUR PIPELINE
     Our pipeline targets the world’s prevalent or hard-to-treat cancers, such as BC, NSCLC, GI cancers (including
     GC and CRC) and gynecological tumors, as well as non-oncology diseases and conditions affecting a large
     and underserved population. As at the date of this Interim Report, we had established a pipeline of over 30
     candidates, including sac-TMT, tagitanlimab and Cetuximab N01 which have received marketing authorization in
     China from the NMPA, and over 10 clinical-stage drug candidates. We have also assembled a diverse portfolio of
     preclinical assets to further enrich our expanding pipeline targeting medical needs.



                                                                                            2025 INTERIM REPORT        15
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Our oncology franchise

          Our oncology franchise features diversified treatment modalities and targets different mechanisms to
          comprehensively treat prevalent or hard-to-treat cancers in China and worldwide, anchored by the following
          clinical-stage assets:


          •      ADC and novel DC:

                 o       Sac-TMT (sacituzumab tirumotecan) (also known as SKB264/MK-2870) (佳泰萊 ® ), one of
                         our Core Products, a novel TROP2 ADC with differentiated payload-linker strategy;


                 o       Trastuzumab botidotin (also known as A166) (舒泰萊 ® ) (1) , another Core Product, a
                         differentiated HER2 ADC in NDA registration stage to treat advanced HER2+ solid tumors;


                 o       SKB315, a novel CLDN18.2 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors;


                 o       SKB410/MK-3120, a novel Nectin-4 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors;


                 o       SKB571/MK-2750, a novel bsADC primarily targeting various solid tumors such as LC and CRC
                         etc.;


                 o       SKB518, SKB535/MK-6204 and SKB445, novel ADC drugs with potential FIC targets;


                 o       SKB500 and SKB501, novel ADC drugs with verified targets but differentiated payload-linker
                         strategies; and


                 o       SKB107, a RDC targeting bone metastases in solid tumors.


          •      Other modalities (Immunotherapies and Targeted Therapies):

                 o       Tagitanlimab (also known as A167) (科泰萊 ® ), our PD-L1 mAb, the backbone of our
                         immunotherapy franchise;


                 o       Cetuximab N01 (also known as A140) (達泰萊 ® ), a recombinant EGFR human-mouse chimeric
                         mAb that can inhibit the growth and survival of EGFR-expressing tumor cells;


                 o       A400, a novel next-generation selective RET inhibitor for NSCLC, MTC and other solid tumors with
                         a high prevalence of RET alterations; and


                 o       A296, a novel second-generation small molecule STING agonist with a differentiating molecular
                         design, and is positioned as a combination therapy to be used with our other immunotherapy assets.




 Notes:


 (1)      Trade name to be approved by NMPA.


16     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Sac-TMT (sacituzumab tirumotecan, TROP2 ADC) (also known as SKB264/MK-2870) (佳泰萊 ® )

Sac-TMT, one of our Core Products, is a novel TROP2 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors in which we have
proprietary intellectual property rights. TROP2 is frequently overexpressed across a broad spectrum of cancers,
especially in highly prevalent or hard-to-treat cancers such as BC, NSCLC, GI cancer, gynecological cancer and
many other solid tumor types. Being the first domestically developed TROP2 ADC in China, sac-TMT utilizes
a differentiated drug design to improve ADC stability and maintain ADC bioactivity, thus enhancing its tumor
targeting ability and reducing its off-target and on-target off-tumor toxicity, potentially leading to a broader
therapeutic window.


Sac-TMT is developed with a novel linker to conjugate the payload, a belotecan-derivative topoisomerase I
inhibitor with a DAR of 7.4. Sac-TMT specifically recognizes TROP2 on the surface of tumor cells by recombinant
anti-TROP2 humanized monoclonal antibodies, which is then endocytosed by tumor cells and releases KL610023
intracellularly. KL610023, as a topoisomerase I inhibitor, induces DNA damage to tumor cells, which in turn leads
to cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis. In addition, it also releases KL610023 in the tumor microenvironment. Given
that KL610023 is membrane permeable, it can enable a bystander effect, or in other words kill adjacent tumor
cells. The design was to achieve a more effective balance between stability in circulation and targeted-release of
the ADC payload in tumor cells.


We are actively advancing a multi-strategy clinical development plan to explore sac-TMT’s potential as a
monotherapy and combination therapies to treat various types of advanced solid tumors in Greater China.
Meanwhile, MSD is advancing the global clinical development of sac-TMT outside of Greater China.


Within Greater China
Based on our retained rights to develop and commercialize sac-TMT and other TROP2 ADCs within Greater
China, we have continued to advance our clinical development plan for sac-TMT in Greater China.


TNBC. In November 2024, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA for sac-TMT in adult
patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC who have received at least two prior systemic
therapies (at least one of them for advanced or metastatic setting). Sac-TMT is the first domestically developed
ADC with global intellectual property rights to receive complete marketing authorization in China.


Our results from the Phase 3 study of sac-TMT in patients with previously treated locally recurrent or metastatic
TNBC were presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in May 2024. Sac-TMT demonstrated a statistically significant
and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS and OS. The median PFS, as assessed by BICR, was 6.7 months
(95% CI: 5.5, 8.0) with sac-TMT and 2.5 months (95% CI: 1.7, 2.7) with chemotherapy, and HR was 0.32 (95%
CI: 0.24, 0.44, p<0.00001), and the risk of disease progression or death was reduced by 68%. The median OS
was not reached with sac-TMT (95% CI: 11.2, NE) and 9.4 months with chemotherapy (95% CI: 8.5, 11.7), HR
was 0.53 (95% CI: 0.36, 0.78, p=0.0005), and the risk of death was reduced by 47%. ORR was 45.4% with sac-
TMT compared to 12% with chemotherapy. The subset of patients with high TROP2 expression (H-score>200)
had a higher median PFS (8.3 months) and ORR (52.1%) with sac-TMT.


We have initiated a Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT monotherapy versus investigator-choice
chemotherapy for 1L advanced TNBC.




                                                                                        2025 INTERIM REPORT          17
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          HR+/HER2- BC. In May 2025, the NDA for sac-TMT for the treatment of adult patients with unresectable locally
          advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2- BC who have received prior ET and other systemic treatments in the
          advanced or metastatic setting was accepted by the NMPA, and was included in the priority review and approval
          process. A Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT versus investigator’s choice of chemotherapy for treatment of
          patients with unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic HR+/HER2- BC who received prior ET is in
          progress.

          EGFR-mutant NSCLC. In March 2025, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA for sac-
          TMT for the treatment of adult patients with EGFR mutant-positive locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous
          NSCLC following progression on EGFR-TKI therapy and platinum-based chemotherapy. Sac-TMT monotherapy
          demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in ORR, PFS and OS compared with
          docetaxel. This is the first TROP2 ADC drug approved for marketing in LC globally.

          Our results from the pivotal study of sac-TMT in patients with previously treated advanced EGFR-mutant NSCLC
          were presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in June 2025. Sac-TMT achieved statistically significant clinical
          outcomes compared to docetaxel: confirmed ORR (BIRC: 45.1% vs 15.6%, one-sided p=0.0004); PFS (BIRC:
          median 6.9 vs 2.8 months, HR=0.30, one-sided p<0.0001; INV: median 7.9 vs 2.8 months, HR=0.23); with
          36.4% of patients in docetaxel group crossed over to receive sac-TMT, median OS was NR for both groups
          (HR=0.49, one-sided p=0.007). The median OS analysed by pre-specified RPSFT model adjusted for crossover
          was 9.3 months for docetaxel and NR for sac-TMT (HR=0.36).

          In addition, a Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT combined with osimertinib as first-line treatment of locally
          advanced or metastatic non-squamous EGFR-mutant NSCLC is in progress.

          EGFR-wild type NSCLC. Two Phase 3 registrational studies of sac-TMT, namely (i) sac-TMT in combination
          with pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA®)(2) versus pembrolizumab for first-line treatment of patients with PD-L1
          positive locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, and (ii) sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus
          chemotherapy combined with pembrolizumab as first-line treatment for patients with PD-L1 negative locally
          advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC are in progress.

          In June 2025, sac-TMT in combination with tagitanlimab was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the
          NMPA for the first-line treatment of locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC without actionable
          genomic alterations.

          Other indications. We are actively exploring the potential of sac-TMT both as a monotherapy and in combination
          with other therapies for treating other solid tumors, including GC, EC, CC, OC, UC, CRPC and HNSCC.

          Global clinical development
          In May 2022, we licensed to MSD the exclusive rights to develop, use, manufacture and commercialize sac-TMT
          in all territories outside of Greater China (which includes Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan). As
          at the date of this Interim Report, MSD is progressing 14 ongoing Phase 3 global, multi-center clinical studies
          for sac-TMT for several types of cancer including BC, LC, gynecological cancer and GI cancer. We are also
          collaborating with MSD on several global Phase 2 basket studies for sac-TMT as monotherapy or in combination
          with other agents for multiple solid tumors and those studies are ongoing.


 Notes:


 (2)      Pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA®) is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.,
          Rahway, NJ, USA.



18     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Clinical data readout
We presented clinical data on studies of sac-TMT at various academic conferences and published in journals,
such as:


•      2025 ASCO GU Cancers Symposium.


       o       Efficacy and safety results from the Phase 1/2 KL264-01/MK-2870-001 study (NCT04152499)
               of sac-TMT monotherapy in patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic UC who
               progressed on or after prior anti-cancer therapies;


•      2025 ASCO Annual Meeting.


       o       Sac-TMT in patients with previously treated advanced EGFR-mutated NSCLC: Results from the
               randomized OptiTROP-Lung03 study;


       o       Sac-TMT as first-line treatment for unresectable locally advanced/metastatic TNBC: Initial results
               from the Phase 2 OptiTROP-Breast05 study;


       o       Sac-TMT in combination with tagitanlimab (anti-PD-L1) in first-line advanced NSCLC: Non-
               squamous cohort from the Phase 2 OptiTROP-Lung01 study;


       o       Sac-TMT in patients with previously treated locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC harboring
               uncommon EGFR mutations: Preliminary results from a Phase 2 Study;


•      The British Medical Journal.


       o       Sac-TMT versus docetaxel for previously treated EGFR-mutated advanced NSCLC: multicentre,
               open label, randomised controlled trial (OptiTROP-Lung03);


•      Nature Medicine.


       o       Sac-TMT in previously treated metastatic TNBC: a randomized Phase 3 trial (OptiTROP-Breast01);


       o       Sac-TMT in advanced NSCLC with or without EGFR mutations: Phase 1/2 and Phase 2 trials; and


•      Journal of Hematology& Oncology.


       o       Results of a phase 1/2 study of sac-TMT in patients with unresectable locally advanced or
               metastatic solid tumors refractory to standard therapies.


In addition, we will present results from a few clinical studies of sac-TMT at 2025 ESMO Congress to be held in
Berlin, Germany from October 17 to 21, 2025, local time.




                                                                                      2025 INTERIM REPORT           19
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          SACITUZUMAB TIRUMOTECAN (SAC-TMT) FOR THE TREATMENT OF OTHER INDICATIONS NOT YET
          APPROVED MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.


          Trastuzumab Botidotin (HER2 ADC, also known as A166) (舒泰萊 ® )(3)

          Trastuzumab botidotin, another of our Core Products, is a differentiated HER2 ADC in NDA registration stage to
          treat advanced HER2+ solid tumors. It is positioned to target multiple cancer indications with high prevalence and
          medical needs, including BC, with the potential to be one of the first domestically developed ADCs for HER2+ BC
          in China.


          Trastuzumab botidotin is an innovative HER2 ADC developed by the Company, which conjugates a novel,
          monomethyl auristatin F (MMAF) derivative (a highly cytotoxic tubulin inhibitor, Duo-5) via a stable, enzyme-
          cleavable linker to a HER2 monoclonal antibody with a DAR of 2. Trastuzumab botidotin specifically binds to
          HER2 on the surface of tumor cells and is internalized by tumor cells, releasing the toxin molecule Duo-5 inside
          the cell. Duo-5 induces tumor cell cycle arrest in the G2/M Phase, leading to tumor cell apoptosis. After targeting
          HER2, trastuzumab botidotin can also inhibit the HER2 signaling pathway; it has ADCC activity.


          Trastuzumab botidotin has met the primary endpoints of its pivotal Phase 2 trial for 3L+ advanced HER2+ BC
          based on results from the primary analysis, which we used to submit an NDA to the NMPA. In January 2025,
          an NDA for the treatment of adult patients with HER2+ unresectable or metastatic BC who have received at
          least one prior anti-HER2 therapy was accepted by the CDE of the NMPA. At a pre-specified interim analysis,
          trastuzumab botidotin monotherapy demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement
          in the primary endpoint of PFS as assessed by the BICR compared with T-DM1. We have also initiated an open,
          multi-center Phase 2 clinical study of trastuzumab botidotin in the treatment of HER2+ unresectable or metastatic
          BC that previously received a topoisomerase inhibitor ADC.


          TRASTUZUMAB BOTIDOTIN MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND
          COMMERCIALIZED.


          SKB315 (CLDN18.2 ADC)

          SKB315 is configured with a proprietary, in-house developed humanized CLDN18.2 mAb and a differentiated
          payload-linker design. The early-stage clinical data of SKB315 demonstrates promising efficacy and acceptable
          safety profile in GC with mid and high CLDN18.2 expression. We are conducting a Phase 1b clinical trial of
          SKB315 and have initiated the exploration in combination with immunotherapy for the treatment of GC/GEJC.
          Results of a Phase 1 study of SKB315 will be presented at 2025 ESMO Congress in October 2025.


          SKB410/MK-3120 (Nectin-4 ADC)

          SKB410 is a novel Nectin-4 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors and utilizing a differentiated payload-linker
          strategy. SKB410 has shown promising Phase 1 clinical data. MSD, as the sponsor, has launched the global
          Phase 1/2 clinical trial of SKB410/MK-3120.



 Notes:


 (3)      Trade name to be approved by NMPA.




20     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SKB571/MK-2750

SKB571 is a novel bsADC that primarily targets various solid tumors such as LC and CRC etc. being developed
in collaboration with MSD. The Phase 2 clinical trial in China is to be initiated.


SKB518, SKB535/MK-6204 and SKB445

SKB518, SKB535 and SKB445 are novel ADC drugs with potential FIC targets. The Phase 2 clinical trial for
SKB518 and the Phase 1 clinical trials for SKB535 and SKB445 are ongoing in China. The Company has entered
into a license and collaboration agreement with MSD to develop SKB535.


SKB500 and SKB501

SKB500 and SKB501 are novel ADC drugs with verified targets but differentiated payload-linker strategies. In
November and December 2024, we received a clinical trial notice approving the IND application of SKB501 and
SKB500, respectively, for advanced solid tumors from the NMPA.


SKB107

SKB107 is a RDC drug jointly developed by us and the Affiliated Hospital of Southwest Medical University (西南醫
科大學附屬醫院) targeting bone metastases in solid tumors. In March 2025, an IND application for SKB107 was
approved by the NMPA and the Phase 1 study is ongoing.


SKB315, SKB410/MK-3120, SKB571/MK-2750, SKB518, SKB535/MK-6204, SKB445, SKB500, SKB501
AND SKB107 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.


Tagitanlimab (PD-L1 mAb, also known as A167) (科泰萊 ® )

Tagitanlimab is a humanized mAb that targets PD-L1, an important immune checkpoint protein. Targeting PD-L1
and its receptor PD-1 have become the cornerstone of cancer immunotherapy, with PD-(L)1 mAbs now widely
recognised as a front-line cancer immunotherapy agent. To further elicit the anti-tumor activity of PD-(L)1 mAbs,
the market has witnessed encouraging clinical development advancement of PD-(L)1 mAbs-based combination
strategies in recent years, with an aim to achieve synergistic efficacies, boost response rates, overcome
heterogeneity across patients, and relieve treatment resistance.


We have developed tagitanlimab as the backbone of our immunotherapy franchise, not only as a monotherapy
but, more importantly, to be used in combination with our ADCs and other oncology assets.


In December 2024, we received marketing authorization in China from NMPA for tagitanlimab for the treatment
of patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC who have failed after prior 2L+ chemotherapy. In January 2025, we
received marketing authorization of tagitanlimab used in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the first-
line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC in China from NMPA. Tagitanlimab is the first PD-
L1 mAb globally to receive authorization for the first-line treatment of NPC. Moreover, we are actively exploring
tagitanlimab’s potential as an early-line treatment in combination with our ADC assets to maximize the clinical
value of our oncology franchise.




                                                                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT          21
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        Based on a randomized, double-blinded, placebo controlled, multi-center, Phase 3 clinical study which evaluates
        the efficacy and safety results of tagitanlimab in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine versus placebo in
        combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic NPC, as presented at the
        ASCO Annual Meeting in May 2025, tagitanlimab used in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the first-
        line treatment of recurrent or metastatic NPC has better PFS, higher ORR and extended DoR compared with
        chemotherapy, and has benefitted all patients regardless of PD-L1 expression. The median PFS for tagitanlimab
        in combination with chemotherapy is not reached compared to 7.9 months for placebo in combination with
        chemotherapy (HR=0.47, 95% CI: 0.33-0.66, p<0.0001), and the risk of disease progression and death is reduced
        by 53%; ORR is 81.7% vs 74.5%; median DoR is 11.7 vs 5.8 months (HR=0.48, 95% CI: 0.32-0.70), which is nearly
        double compared to the placebo arm; the beneficial trend for OS of tagitanlimab in combination with chemotherapy
        has already been observed (HR=0.62, 95% CI: 0.32-1.22), and its risk of death is reduced by 38%.


        TAGITANLIMAB FOR THE TREATMENT OF OTHER INDICATIONS NOT YET APPROVED MAY NOT
        ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.


        Cetuximab N01 (EGFR mAb, also known as A140) (達泰萊 ® )

        Cetuximab N01 is a recombinant anti-EGFR human-mouse chimeric mAb that can inhibit the growth and survival
        of EGFR-expressing tumor cells.


        In February 2025, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA for Cetuximab N01 Injection used
        in combination with FOLFOX or FOLFIRI regimens for first-line treatment of RAS wild-type mCRC.


        As demonstrated by a large-scale domestic Phase 3 clinical study conducting a head-to-head comparison
        of Cetuximab N01 Injection with Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux®), the Cetuximab N01 combination
        chemotherapy was clinical equivalent in ORR (Cetuximab N01 vs Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux®):
        71.0% vs 77.5%; ORR ratio is 0.93 (95% CI: 0.87, 0.99)), and Cetuximab N01 did not demonstrate any clinically
        meaningful or statistically significant differences in DoR and PFS compared with Cetuximab Solution for Injection
        (Erbitux®) (median PFS: 10.9 months vs 10.8 months, HR: 1.03 (95% CI: 0.83, 1.28); median DoR: 10.2 months vs
        9.5 months). As for safety, this study has sufficiently proven that the Cetuximab N01 combination chemotherapy
        is comparable in terms of safety, tolerance and immunogenicity to the Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux®)
        combination chemotherapy.


        CETUXIMAB N01 FOR THE TREATMENT OF OTHER INDICATIONS NOT YET APPROVED MAY NOT
        ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.


        A400/EP0031 (RET inhibitor)

        A400, a next-generation selective RET inhibitor, is positioned to be the first domestically developed next-
        generation selective RET inhibitor for treating RET+ solid tumors in China.


        RET alterations have been reported to be a major oncogenic driver in about 2% of all cancers, most notably in
        NSCLC and MTC, the first two indications that A400 is designed to target. Although two first-generation selective
        RET inhibitors were approved in China for RET+ solid tumors as at December 31, 2024, their therapeutic
        benefits are limited, in part, by acquired RET drug-resistant mutations and safety issues such as hypertension
        and hematological toxicity, underscoring the need for novel selective RET inhibitors with improved safety and
        better efficacy against drug resistant mutations. A400 is designed with a novel proprietary molecular structure to
        address selective RET inhibitor resistance while maintaining target selectivity, efficacy and safety with reduced
        manufacturing cost and difficulty.

22   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Through our collaboration and license agreement, Ellipses Pharma is progressing their Phase 2 clinical study
globally outside of China.


Within Greater China
We are currently conducting pivotal clinical study for both 1L and 2L+ advanced RET+ NSCLC as well as a Phase
1b/2 clinical study for RET+ MTC and solid tumor. We expect to file an NDA for A400 in 2025.


Our results from the Phase 1 study of A400 in patients with advanced RET-mutant MTC were presented at
the ASCO Annual Meeting in May 2025. The confirmed ORR was 63.0% and the DCR was 100% for overall
population. The confirmed ORR was 56.3% (9/16) and 62.5% (5/8) in patients with prior MKI or treatment naïve,
respectively. Median DoR was not reached, with the longest duration still ongoing at 25.8 months. Similarly,
median PFS was not reached, with the 24-month PFS rate of 77.8%.


Global collaboration with Ellipses Pharma
In March 2021, we granted Ellipses Pharma, a U.K.-based international oncology drug development company,
an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize A400 outside Greater China and certain Asian
countries.


In March 2024, it was announced that A400/EP0031 was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for the
treatment of RET-fusion positive NSCLC. In April 2024, A400/EP0031 was cleared by the FDA to progress into
Phase 2 clinical development.


A400 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.


A296 (STING agonist)

A296 is a novel second-generation small molecule STING agonist with a differentiating molecular design. It
has the potential to invigorate anti-tumor immunity in “cold” tumors that are unresponsive to existing immune
checkpoint inhibitors and is positioned as a combination therapy to be used with our other immunotherapy assets.
The Phase 1 trial is making steady progress.


A296 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.


Our non-oncology franchise

Our non-oncology franchise covers a range of diseases and conditions with large patient populations and
medical needs, with a primary focus on immune-mediated diseases, including moderate-to-severe asthma and
thromboembolic disorders.


SKB378 (TSLP mAb)

SKB378 is potentially one of the first domestically developed anti-TSLP mAbs in China for treating patients with
moderate-to-severe asthma. SKB378 is a novel, recombinant fully human mAb that potently binds to the TSLP
ligand and inhibits the TSLP mediated signaling pathway by blocking the interaction between TSLP and TSLP
receptor. This is a well-validated cytokine that plays a key role in the development and progression of a wide array
of immunological conditions, including asthma and COPD where inhibition has demonstrated benefit in a wide
array of inflammatory phenotypes. SKB378 has been engineered to achieve an extended half-life and effector
silencing and is subcutaneously administered.

                                                                                        2025 INTERIM REPORT        23
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        Within Greater China
        We received IND approval for moderate-to-severe asthma from the NMPA in February 2022, and we have
        completed Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy subjects in China. In January 2025, an IND application for SKB378 for
        the treatment of COPD was approved by the NMPA.


        Global collaboration with Windward Bio
        In January 2025, it was announced that we and Harbour BioMed had entered into an exclusive license agreement
        with Windward Bio, under which we and Harbour BioMed granted Windward Bio an exclusive license for the
        research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of SKB378/WIN378 globally (excluding Greater
        China and several Southeast and West Asian countries). SKB378/WIN378 started as a co-development project
        jointly conducted by the Company and Harbour BioMed (also known as HBM9378), with both parties equally
        sharing global rights. Windward Bio has launched the Phase 2 POLARIS trial in patients with asthma.


        SKB378 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.


        SKB336 (FXI/FXIa mAb)

        SKB336 is a novel FXI/FXIa mAb designed as an anticoagulant for preventing and treating thromboembolic
        disorders. Thromboembolic disorders are prevalent and potentially fatal conditions in which abnormally formed
        blood clots block blood vessels. The current mainstay anticoagulant therapies put patients at increased risks
        of severe and potentially life-threatening bleeding complications as their targets are also required for normal
        coagulation, leaving a need for novel effective anticoagulation agents with limited risk of bleeding. In published
        preclinical studies, FXI/FXIa deficiencies led to clot instability and prevented the occlusion of blood vessels,
        suggesting that targeting FXI/FXIa is potentially a safe and effective strategy for preventing and treating
        thromboembolic disorders.


        We received IND approval from the NMPA in July 2021 for preventing and treating thromboembolic disorders. We
        have completed Phase 1 trial in China.


        SKB336 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.


        Apart from the above, we will continue to develop novel non-oncology drug candidates to address highly
        prevalent chronic diseases currently without effective treatments, including autoimmune and metabolic diseases.


        OUR TECHNOLOGY PLATFORMS
        We have established three core platforms specializing in ADCs and novel DCs, biologics and small molecule
        technologies that serve as the foundation of our discovery and development of innovative medicines for medical
        needs in selected disease areas, such as oncology, autoimmune diseases and metabolic diseases. These
        platforms cover the entire R&D process for different drug modalities and work in tandem to allow cross-functional
        synergies at crucial stages of drug development.




24   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   ADC and novel DC Platform. We are one of the first movers in the development of ADCs, with over
    a decade of accumulated experience in ADC development. According to Frost & Sullivan, we are
    one of the first biopharmaceutical companies in China, and one of the few globally, to establish an in-
    house developed ADC and novel DC platform, which supports our systematic development of ADCs
    and novel DCs across their entire lifecycle. Our ADC and novel DC platform, OptiDC™, is supported by
    three capability pillars – in-depth knowledge of biological targets and diseases, tested and verified DC
    design and development know-how, and a toolbox of core DC components. Through over a decade
    of development, we have developed a toolbox of core DC components which gives us the versatility to
    engineer customized ADCs and novel DCs optimized for different biological targets to address medical
    needs in a broad range of indications. We have honed our expertise in ADC and novel DC process
    development, manufacturing and quality management, which we believe is crucial in bringing our ADCs
    and novel DCs from bench to bedside. Notably, our ADC and novel DC platform is tested and verified
    through preclinical studies and clinical trials with thousands of patients enrolled.


    By leveraging our experience and data from drug discovery, translational medicine, process development
    and clinical studies over years of implementing our DC design strategies, we deploy a multi-pronged
    strategy to advance our ADC and novel DC platform. For oncology diseases, we are developing ADCs and
    novel DCs as a replacement for chemo-based cancer therapies, by (i) developing ADCs targeting novel
    targets with monoclonal, biparatopic and bispecific antibodies; (ii) expanding cytotoxic agents beyond
    common topoisomerase and tubulin inhibitors, and (iii) optimizing our conjugation technologies to enable
    precise control of the positioning and number of conjugated payloads including dual payloads. We are
    also developing novel DCs to replace non-chemo-based cancer therapies by developing ADC derivatives
    with innovative compound structure and diversified payloads other than cytotoxins such as RDCs, iADCs
    and DACs, etc. Beyond oncology diseases, we are developing ADCs with non-cytotoxic payloads for
    other disease indications such as autoimmune disease.

                                           Tested and verified DC
                                           design and development
                                                  know-how




                                                 OptiDCTM

            In-depth knowledge of            Drug Conjugate
                                                Platform
               biological targets
                 and diseases                                       Toolbox of core DC
                                                                       components




                          ADC and novel DCs that target medical needs




                                                                                           2025 INTERIM REPORT   25
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        •      Biologics Platform. Our extensive biologics platform enables the creation and refinement of cutting-
               edge mAb/bsAb medicines across the entire drug development lifecycle – from target biology to clinical-
               grade biologics. By integrating advanced technologies and workflows, including single B cell screening,
               next-generation sequencing, and high-throughput screening and analysis, the platform accelerates the
               generation of innovative antibodies with desired properties. Leveraging AI-powered epitope prediction,
               physiochemical profiling, and precision antibody engineering, we guide the antibody discovery toward
               specific epitopes with enhanced therapeutic potential. This approach addresses challenges associated
               with complex targets, improves druggability, and ensures optimal functional characteristics. Antibody
               discovery platforms drive the development of mAbs/bsAbs and ADCs and novel DCs for treating cancer,
               autoimmune diseases and metabolic diseases, and possess end-to-end antibody development capabilities
               ranging from antibody discovery and optimization to bioprocessing and scale-up manufacturing.


        •      Small Molecule Platform. Our small molecule platform is driven by the integration of medicinal chemistry,
               CADD (computer-aided drug design) and AIDD technologies, such as molecular docking, pharmacophore
               modeling, FEP (free energy perturbation) calculations, ADMET (absorption, distribution, metabolism,
               elimination and toxicity) prediction, and de novo molecule generation. These capabilities enable us to be
               highly efficient in compound optimization in early-stage research, which help rationalize and accelerate
               our preclinical drug discovery. We are also exploring state-of-the-art technologies such as PROTAC to
               navigate challenging protein targets.


        RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
        Our in-house R&D capabilities, built on three technology platforms, give us control and visibility over our R&D
        process, reduce our reliance on CROs and enable us to ensure the quality and efficiency of our drug development
        programs.


        Our R&D team comprises industry veterans with extensive experience of driving drug development programs at
        leading biopharmaceutical companies. We have a comprehensive in-house R&D engine covering drug discovery,
        translational medicine, process development and clinical research.

        •      Drug Discovery. Our drug discovery team plays a fundamental role in our development of innovative
               drugs to address medical needs. Our discovery team comprises medicinal chemists, computational
               chemists, protein scientists, biologists, immunologists and is led by experts with years of experience
               working at multinational corporations. Through bringing over 10 drug candidates into clinical development,
               we have accumulated in-depth know-how and streamlined our drug discovery workflows for ADCs
               and novel DCs, biologics and small molecules. Our research platform supports in-house capabilities
               covering target validation, mechanism study, candidate design and selection (including computer-aided
               approaches), with a goal to consistently design and engineer differentiated drug candidates with high
               clinical values to enrich our pipeline.


        •      Translational Medicine. Our translational medicine scientists work closely to facilitate the bridging of
               our drug discovery and preclinical studies with clinical needs, with an aim to bring differentiated drug
               candidates to market. Their interdisciplinary research encompasses a wide range of studies from AI,
               pharmacology, drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics, toxicology to biomarker development. Our
               translational medicine team plays a key role in improving the success rates, time-efficiency and cost-
               effectiveness of our clinical trials.




26   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•      Process Development. Our process development team is responsible for developing a quality, scalable,
       and robust process for our ADC and novel DC, antibody and small molecule drugs. They have extensive
       experience in process optimization and scale-up, analytical method development and validation, quality
       criteria establishment, and technology transfer for clinical and commercial manufacturing. We are guided
       by a quality-by-design concept to scientifically design process performance characteristics, which
       underlies our consistent, high quality manufacturing of drug products.


•      Clinical Research. We have a robust clinical research team located across our four clinical centers in
       Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu and the U.S. Our clinical scientists are highly experienced at formulating
       clinical development plans, selecting indications, and determining regulatory pathways. Their rich
       experience in regulatory communication, both in China and overseas, also plays a key role in advancing
       our clinical development plans towards successful commercialization.


We have introduced AI into several R&D processes to further improve R&D efficiency. For instance, AI-assisted
sequence prediction and binding site prediction of antibodies have been realized, while AIDD technology is
one of the drivers of our small molecule platform. For translational medicine, through the use of commercial
AI databases, the gene pathway analysis and toxicity mechanism prediction of innovative targets have been
optimized, and the risk control methods of innovative R&D have been improved.


OUR LICENSE AND COLLABORATION ARRANGEMENTS
While we are primarily engaged in in-house drug development, we also believe that an open and collaborative
mindset is crucial to the success of our global strategy. Along each step of our drug development plans – from
drug discovery to commercialization – we proactively pursue external collaborations, licensing arrangements and
other strategic partnerships to create synergies with our pipeline and technology platforms.


Set forth below is a summary of our key license and collaboration agreements:


•      Collaboration with MSD. We have entered into license and collaboration agreements with MSD to
       develop multiple ADC assets for cancer treatment.


       o      Sac-TMT: We have granted MSD an exclusive, royalty-bearing and sub-licensable license to
              develop, use, manufacture and commercialize sac-TMT outside Greater China. We retain the right
              to develop and commercialize sac-TMT within Greater China. As at the date of this Interim Report,
              MSD has initiated 14 ongoing Phase 3 global clinical studies of sac-TMT as a monotherapy or with
              pembrolizumab or other agents for several types of cancer. The following studies are sponsored
              and led by MSD:


              ➢       BC.


                      •      Adjuvant sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab versus TPC in TNBC who received
                             neoadjuvant pembrolizumab plus chemotherapy and did not achieve a pCR at
                             surgery;


                      •      Sac-TMT as a monotherapy and in combination with pembrolizumab versus TPC
                             in participants with previously untreated locally recurrent unresectable or metastatic
                             TNBC expressing PD-L1 at CPS<10;

                                                                                        2025 INTERIM REPORT       27
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                          •     Sac-TMT as a single agent and in combination with pembrolizumab versus TPC in
                                participants with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2- BC (after
                                one or more lines of ET);


                          •     Sac-TMT followed by carboplatin/paclitaxel versus chemotherapy, both in
                                combination with pembrolizumab as neoadjuvant therapy for high-risk, early-stage
                                TNBC or HR-low positive/HER2-negative BC;


                    ➢     LC.


                          •     Adjuvant sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab in adult participants
                                with resectable NSCLC not achieving a pCR after receiving neoadjuvant
                                pembrolizumab with platinum-based doublet chemotherapy followed by surgery;


                          •     Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab monotherapy
                                in the first-line treatment of participants with metastatic NSCLC expressing PD-L1
                                greater than or equal to 50 percent;


                          •     Sac-TMT monotherapy versus standard chemotherapy for the treatment of
                                previously treated advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR mutations or other
                                genomic alterations (after 1 or 2 prior lines of EGFR-TKI and 1 platinum-based
                                therapy after progression on or after EGFR-TKI);


                          •     Sac-TMT versus pemetrexed and carboplatin combination therapy in participants
                                with EGFR-mutated, advanced non-squamous NSCLC who have progressed on
                                prior EGFR-TKI;


                          •     Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab as
                                maintenance treatment in the first-line treatment of metastatic squamous NSCLC
                                after induction treatment with pembrolizumab plus carboplatin and paclitaxel or nab-
                                paclitaxel;


                    ➢     Gynecological cancer.


                          •     Sac-TMT monotherapy versus chemotherapy for the treatment of EC who have
                                received prior platinum-based chemotherapy and immunotherapy;


                          •     Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab alone as
                                treatment in participants with mismatch repair proficient EC;


                          •     Sac-TMT monotherapy versus TPC as second-line treatment for participants with
                                recurrent or metastatic CC;


                          •     Sac-TMT in patients with platinum-sensitive recurrent OC who have received 2L
                                chemotherapy; and



28   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        ➢      GI cancer. Sac-TMT in 3L+ advanced/metastatic GEA.


                        We are also collaborating with MSD on several global Phase 2 basket studies for sac-TMT as
                        monotherapy or in combination with other agents for multiple solid tumors and those studies are
                        ongoing.


                o       Other ADC assets: In addition to sac-TMT, we are also collaborating with MSD on certain ADC
                        assets including SKB410/MK-3120, SKB571/MK-2750, SKB535/MK-6204, etc. to continuously
                        explore favorable ADC pipeline portfolios. Through our ADC pipelines, we aim to cover a wide
                        range of tumor indications via different targets, to apply differentiated payload-linker strategies for
                        ADC assets with different targets to achieve better efficacy and/or differentiated safety profiles,
                        and through various strategies, to explore ADCs in combination. We have granted MSD exclusive
                        global licenses to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize multiple ADC assets and
                        exclusive options to obtain additional licenses to certain other ADC assets. We retain the right to
                        research, develop, manufacture and commercialize certain licenses and option ADCs for mainland
                        China, Hong Kong and Macau.


         •      Collaboration with Ellipses Pharma. In March 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license
                agreement with Ellipses Pharma, under which we granted Ellipses Pharma an exclusive, revenue sharing,
                royalty-bearing, sub-licensable license to develop, manufacture and commercialize A400. A400 is known
                as EP0031 by Ellipses Pharma. The license includes all countries excluding Greater China, North Korea,
                South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand.


                In March 2024, it was announced that A400/EP0031 was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for
                the treatment of RET-fusion positive NSCLC. In April 2024, A400 was cleared by the FDA to progress into
                Phase 2 clinical development. As at June 30, 2025, a total of 36 clinical sites in the United States, Europe
                and UAE were set up for EP0031.


         •      Collaboration with Windward Bio. In January 2025, it was announced that we and Harbour BioMed
                had entered into an exclusive license agreement with Windward Bio, under which we and Harbour
                BioMed granted Windward Bio an exclusive license for the research, development, manufacturing and
                commercialization of SKB378/WIN378(4) globally (excluding Greater China and several Southeast and West
                Asian countries).


                In return, we and Harbour BioMed are eligible to receive a total of up to US$970 million upfront and
                milestone payments as well as single to double-digit tiered royalties on net sales of SKB378/WIN378. The
                US$45 million upfront and near-term payments include both cash consideration and equity in the parent
                company of Windward Bio. Subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement, we and Harbour
                BioMed are also eligible to receive additional payment from Windward Bio if Windward Bio undergoes a
                near-term change of control or enters into a sublicense agreement with a third party. The payments to be
                made by Windward Bio under the license agreement shall be paid in equal amounts to us and Harbour
                BioMed.


Notes:


(4)      SKB378 is known as HBM9378 in Harbour BioMed’s pipeline and WIN378 in Windward Bio’s pipeline.


                                                                                                   2025 INTERIM REPORT            29
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                 In May 2025, it was announced that the Company had received an upfront payment from Windward Bio in
                 line with the terms of the license agreement including: (i) a cash payment, which was received in February
                 2025, and (ii) an equity interest in the parent company of Windward Bio, which was settled in May 2025
                 upon satisfaction of relevant regulatory approvals in mainland China and other closing conditions.


          MANUFACTURING AND QUALITY MANAGEMENT
          We believe a well-established manufacturing and quality management system serves as the cornerstone of our
          commercialization and underlies our ability to enhance our R&D capabilities and advance clinical development.
          Our manufacturing and quality management system is capable of supporting the production of antibodies, ADCs
          and their key drug substances and chemical pharmaceuticals (including radioactive pharmaceuticals). This system
          helps ensure the consistent, stable, and controllable quality of our clinical and commercialized products.


          •      Manufacturing. Our main manufacturing site in Chengdu is one of the few facilities in China with cGMP-
                 compliant, end-to-end capabilities covering the entire development lifecycle of ADCs, from cell culture and
                 purification, for antibody production, syntheses of payloads and linkers, ADC conjugation to formulation,
                 fill and finish. Our ADC manufacturing facilities have an annual production capacity of 50 batches (or 1.4
                 million vials) of freeze-dried ADCs or 100 batches (or 2 million vials) of injectable ADCs. Our antibody
                 manufacturing facilities have an annual production capacity of 60 batches (or 750,000 vials) of freeze-dried
                 formulation or 100 batches (or 2.6 million vials) of injectable solutions.


          •      Quality Management. We continuously promote the improvement of a comprehensive quality
                 management system throughout the entire product lifecycle to ensure compliance with cGMP standards
                 and regulatory developments in China, the United States, and Europe. The Company prioritizes quality,
                 strengthens the segmented contract manufacturing management system for biological products,
                 and achieves collaborative operations across multiple production sites and enterprises by dividing
                 the production process into multiple stages. Through “standardized division of labor and refined
                 management”, we enhance quality control, drive regulatory innovation, prioritize patients’ benefits, and
                 improve supply chain security and drug accessibility. On June 26, 2025, our innovative ADC biological
                 product, trastuzumab botidotin (舒泰萊®)(5), received official approval from the NMPA to carry out the
                 cross-provincial segmented production pilot program.


          COMMERCIALIZATION
          We have received marketing authorization for sac-TMT (佳泰萊®), tagitanlimab (科泰萊®) and Cetuximab N01 (達
          泰萊®) and have commenced their commercialization. Based on the expected approval timeline of each late-
          stage project in our pipeline, subject to regulatory communications and marketing approval, we expect to launch
          trastuzumab botidotin (舒泰萊®)(5) in the China market and file an NDA for A400 in the second half of 2025.


          The total commercial sales reached RMB309.8 million for the first half of 2025. Among them, the sales of sac-
          TMT (佳泰萊®) accounted for 97.6%. At the same time, all accounts receivables from sales of pharmaceutical
          products were collected within the payment period, ensuring efficient and stable cash flow.



 Notes:


 (5)      Trade name to be approved by NMPA.


30     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Currently, our businesses have covered 30 provinces, over 300 prefectures and over 2,000 hospitals, where
over 1,000 hospitals generated sales, and reached tens of thousands of healthcare professionals through
various types of marketing campaigns to convey product and medical professional information. In addition, we
have obtained authoritative endorsement for our products from experts in clinical guidelines, such as “CSCO
Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Breast Cancer (2025 edition) (CSCO乳腺癌診療指南(2025年版))”, “CSCO
Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (2025 edition) (CSCO非小細胞肺癌診療指
南(2025年版))”, “CBCS&CSOBO Guidelines for Breast Cancer Diagnosis and Treatment (2025 Concise Edition)
(CBCS&CSOBO乳腺癌診治指南與規範(2025年精要本))”, “Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Advanced
Breast Cancer in China (2024 edition) (中國晚期乳腺癌規範診療指南(2024版))” and “Chinese Medical Association
Clinical Practice Guidelines for Lung Cancer (中華醫學會肺癌臨床診療指南(2025版))”, providing further support
for the commercialization process.


We have established a fully-fledged marketing team of over 350 people, dedicated to preparing and implementing
the marketing and commercialization of our strategic products. Within the marketing team, we have established
a departmental structure that includes marketing, sales, medical affairs, strategic planning and commercial
excellence as well as marketing compliance functions. The commercialization team will continue to expand to
capture more market opportunities in the future as more products and indications are launched and are included
in the medical insurance. Currently, among the commercialized products and therapeutic areas, the business
team is divided into breast cancer, lung cancer, and other tumors based on indications, and the synergy of
the indications of commercialized products are conducive to the implementation of marketing and promotional
activities.


In the first half of 2025, our products were promoted through our self-built marketing teams and sold primarily
through DTP pharmacies. We have established stable relationships with multiple leading commercial and
distribution groups, including 60+ Tier 1 distributors and 400+ DTP pharmacies. A hierarchical management
system for pharmacy retail has been adopted and trainings have been provided to around 4,500 pharmacists in
the first half of 2025. By organizing nationwide pharmacy trainings, the company has significantly enhanced the
professionalism of terminal services and improved the ability to provide patients with medication guidance.


The Company has actively optimized its network strategy. In the first half of 2025, sac-TMT (佳泰萊 ®), tagitanlimab
(科泰萊®) and Cetuximab N01 (達泰萊®) have been included in 29, 25 and 15 provincial networks, respectively,
ensuring rapid market access through provincial procurement channels. We have been actively advancing the
preparation work for the National Reimbursement Drug List (國家醫保藥品目錄) access of the relevant strategic
products, including preparing for the value dossier and application materials of the relevant products. All of our
commercialized products, including sac-TMT (佳泰萊®), tagitanlimab (科泰萊®) and Cetuximab N01 (達泰萊®),
have passed the preliminary formal examination of National Reimbursement Drug List.


Meanwhile, to further reduce the burden of patients and implement the concept of inclusive healthcare, we have
been proactively facilitating the enrollment of sac-TMT (佳泰萊®) in provincial and prefecture city level Inclusive
Insurance (惠民保). As at the end of the Reporting Period, sac-TMT (佳泰萊®) has been enrolled in more than 7
provinces and 20 cities.


Globally, we will continue to pursue a flexible strategy to capture the commercial value in major international
markets, through forging synergistic license and collaboration opportunities worldwide.




                                                                                          2025 INTERIM REPORT        31
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
          In May 2025, the Company was awarded “Asia’s Best Company” by FinanceAsia (亞洲金融).


          In May 2025, the Company received a series of industry awards from Extel (formerly Institutional Investor
          Research) (前稱“機構投資者”), including “Most Honored Company”, “Best Company Board”, “Best CEO”, “Best
          CFO” and etc.


          In May 2025, the Company was awarded “IRM OF CHINESE LISTED COMPANIES” by Securities Times (證券時
          報).


          In July 2025, the Company was recognized with the “China Pharmaceutical Emerging Innovative Force Award” by
          the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center (中國醫藥工業信息中心).


          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
          We have established a comprehensive three-tier ESG governance structure consisting of the Board of
          Directors, ESG Working Group and ESG Executive Body. Among them, the Board of Directors serves as the
          highest responsible and decision-making body for ESG management and information disclosure, guiding and
          supervising the Company’s ESG development. Through the establishment and continuous improvement of the
          ESG governance structure, the Company comprehensively enhances ESG performance ability and ensures the
          Company’s sustainable development. In May 2025, the company was awarded “Best ESG” by Extel (formerly
          Institutional Investor Research) (前稱“機構投資者”).


 II.      FINANCIAL REVIEW
          Overview

          The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial statements and the
          notes included elsewhere in this Interim Report.


          Revenue

          During the Reporting Period, our revenue consisted of (i) revenue from our license and collaboration agreements
          (see “Our License and Collaboration Arrangements” above in this Interim Report for details); (ii) revenue from
          research and development services; and (iii) revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products. The following table
          sets forth the components of our revenue in absolute amounts for the period indicated:


                                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
          Revenue from contracts with customers within
            the scope of IFRS 15
          Revenue from license and collaboration agreements                                   628,015        1,377,978
          Revenue from provision of research and
            development service                                                                12,674            4,813
          Revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products                                       309,756                 –
                                                                                              950,445        1,382,791


32     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group’s revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was RMB950.4 million, representing a decrease
of 31.3% compared to RMB1,382.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was mainly
attributable to the decrease of milestone payments from license and collaboration agreements compared to the
first half of 2024. Meanwhile, in the first half of 2025, the sales of pharmaceutical products contributed RMB309.8
million in revenue.


Cost of Sales

During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales was primarily related to the R&D activities we conducted in
accordance with our license and collaboration agreements, the R&D services we provided to Kelun Group and
other third parties, and the production of our pharmaceutical products. Our cost of sales primarily consisted
of (i) trial and testing expenses, primarily in relation to the engagement of CROs, clinical trial sites, principal
investigators and other service providers for the R&D services we provided to other third parties in accordance
with our license and collaboration agreements; (ii) employee salaries and benefits for R&D staff; and (iii) others,
including cost of goods sold (COGS) of pharmaceutical products, tax and surcharge, costs of raw materials and
other consumables, depreciation and amortization expenses in connection with the machinery and equipment
used, transportation expenses, and office expenses and other miscellaneous expenses.


The following table sets forth a breakdown of our cost of sales in absolute amounts for the period indicated.


                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
Staff costs                                                                               29,123           46,030
Trial and testing expenses                                                               227,006          225,976
Others                                                                                    34,328           34,095
Total                                                                                    290,457          306,101


The Group’s cost of sales for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was RMB290.5 million, representing a
decrease of 5.1% compared to RMB306.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was
mainly because staff costs participating in collaboration projects decreased in the first half of 2025.


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

Gross profit represents revenue less cost of sales. As a result of the aforementioned factors, the gross profit of
the Group decreased by 38.7% from RMB1,076.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB660.0
million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.


Our gross profit margin is calculated as gross profit divided by revenue. The gross profit margin of the Group
decreased from 77.9% for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to 69.4% for the six months ended June 30,
2025.




                                                                                           2025 INTERIM REPORT        33
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        Other Net Income

        During the Reporting Period, our other net income or expenses primarily consisted of (i) interest income from
        bank deposits; (ii) net foreign exchange gains or losses which primarily reflected the increased or decreased
        value of assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currencies we hold resulting from fluctuations in exchange
        rate; (iii) net realized and unrealized gain on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL);
        (iv) government grants, mainly representing government subsidies from state and local government authorities
        in relation to our R&D activities and construction of our R&D and manufacturing facilities, which were one-off in
        nature and may vary from period to period; (v) interest income from financial assets measured at amortized cost; (vi)
        net gains or losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment; (vii) donations; and (viii) others.


        The Group’s other net income for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was RMB31.8 million, representing a
        decrease of RMB62.6 million compared to RMB94.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024, mainly due
        to a decrease in government subsidies.


        Administrative Expenses

        During the Reporting Period, our administrative expenses primarily consisted of (i) staff costs, representing
        employee salaries and benefits, including the grant of restricted share units, for our administrative personnel;
        (ii) office and travel expenses in relation to our general operations; (iii) consulting service fees paid to agents,
        independent financial advisor and other professional service providers in the ordinary course of our business; and
        (iv) others, including depreciation and amortization expenses mainly associated with our office and equipment for
        administrative purposes, maintenance and repair expenses for office and equipment, recruitment expenses, and
        other miscellaneous expenses.


        The following table sets forth a breakdown of our administrative expenses in absolute amounts for the periods
        indicated.


                                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
        Staff costs                                                                                60,799            50,638
        Consulting service fee                                                                      3,727             2,043
        Office and travel expenses                                                                  1,643             3,189
        Others                                                                                      7,675             9,969
        Total                                                                                      73,844            65,839


        The Group’s administrative expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was RMB73.8 million, representing
        an increase of 12.2% compared to RMB65.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was
        primarily attributable to the increase in staff costs.




34   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Selling and Distribution Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of (i) costs of staff salaries
and benefits associated with sales and marketing activities; and (ii) conference and marketing expenses related to
business activities, administrative expenses and others.


The following table sets forth a breakdown of our selling and distribution expenses in absolute amounts for the
periods indicated.

                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000
Staff costs                                                                              94,753             33,797
Conference, marketing, administrative expenses
  and others                                                                             84,172              7,354
Total                                                                                  178,925              41,151


The Group’s selling and distribution expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was RMB178.9 million,
representing an increase of 334.8% compared to RMB41.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The
increase was primarily attributable to (i) the continuous expanding of our commercialization team; and (ii) increased
costs and expenses relating to marketing activities for our products. Since a few of the Group’s pharmaceutical
products were approved for marketing and the Company officially launched commercial sales last November, the
costs of marketing and academic promotional activities, etc., correspondingly increased in the first half of 2025.
For further details of the commercialization of our products, please see the section headed “Commercialization” of
this Interim Report.


Research and Development Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our research and development expenses primarily consisted of (i) trial and testing
expenses, primarily in relation to the engagement of CROs, clinical trial sites, principal investigators and other
service providers; (ii) staff costs, representing employee salaries and benefits, including the grant of restricted
share units, for our R&D personnel; (iii) raw materials costs in relation to research and development of our
drug candidates; and (iv) others, such as depreciation, amortization and short-term lease expenses, utilities,
maintenance and repair costs, and expenses incurred for the application and maintenance of intellectual property
rights in relation to our R&D activities.


The following table sets forth a breakdown of our research and development expenses in absolute amounts for
the periods indicated.

                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000
Staff costs                                                                            201,672            200,857
Trial and testing expenses                                                             289,511            298,119
Raw materials                                                                           53,298             85,278
Others                                                                                  67,058             68,083
Total                                                                                  611,539            652,337


                                                                                         2025 INTERIM REPORT         35
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        The Group’s R&D expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was RMB611.5 million, representing a
        decrease of 6.3% compared to RMB652.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024, mainly due to the
        reduction in the use of raw materials.


        Finance Costs

        During the Reporting Period, our finance costs primarily consisted of (i) interest expenses on lease liabilities and (ii)
        interest expenses on discounting of bills payable.


        The Group’s finance costs for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was RMB3.0 million, representing an increase
        of 20.5% compared to RMB2.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase in finance costs
        was primarily attributable to the rise in interest expenses on lease liabilities.


        Income Tax

        During the Reporting Period, our income tax consisted of current tax, withholding tax, and withholding tax refund.
        For the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2025, we recorded income tax of RMB99.0 million and RMB-30.4
        million, respectively.


        PRC

        Effective from January 1, 2008, the PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% under the enterprise income tax laws.
        Our subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to PRC income tax at 25% unless otherwise specified.


        According to the enterprise income tax laws and its relevant regulations, entities that qualified as High and New
        Technology Enterprise are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. We obtained our certificate of High
        and New Technology Enterprise on December 3, 2020 and October 16, 2023 respectively and are entitled to
        preferential income tax of 15% from 2020 to 2026.


        United States

        Pursuant to U.S. income tax laws and regulations and the Agreement between the Government of the People’s
        Republic of China and the United States of America for Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal
        Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income (《中華人民共和國政府和美利堅合眾國政府關於對所得避免雙重徵稅和
        防止偷漏稅的協定》), we are subject to a 10% U.S. federal withholding tax, applied to certain payments made to us
        pursuant to the respective license and collaboration agreements.


        In 2025, Internal Revenue Service refunded USD6,500 thousand (equivalent to RMB46,715 thousand) of
        withholding tax to the Company pursuant to relevant US federal income tax laws and regulations.


        Hong Kong

        The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable
        profits for the period. There were no assessable profits generating from the subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong
        of the Group during the six months ended June 30, 2025.




36   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         Profit/Loss for the period

         As a result of the foregoing, our profit for the Reporting Period decreased by 146.8% from RMB310.2 million for
         the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB-145.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.


         The Group also uses adjusted loss for the year calculated by deducting equity-settled share-based payment from
         loss for the year as an additional financial measure which is not required by or presented in accordance with the
         IFRS. This non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool and may not be comparable to a similarly titled
         measure presented by other companies. However, the Group believes that this non-IFRS measure is a reflection
         of its normal operating results by eliminating potential impacts of items that the management do not consider to
         be indicative of the Group’s operating performance and thus provides useful and meaningful information to the
         Shareholders and the investing public.


         Capital Management

         As part of our cash management policy, we believe that we can make better use of our cash by utilizing wealth
         management products to better utilize our idle own funds without interfering with our business operations or
         capital expenditures. To monitor and control the investment risks associated with our financial assets measured at
         FVPL and financial assets measured at amortized cost, we have adopted a comprehensive set of internal policies
         and guidelines to manage our investment in financial assets measured at FVPL and financial assets measured
         at amortized cost. We make investment decisions based on our estimated capital requirements and our annual
         budget, taking into account the duration, expected returns and risks of the wealth management product.


         Liquidity and Capital Resources

         On June 12, 2025, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,918,000 new H Shares at a placing price of HK$331.8
         per H Share pursuant to a placing agreement entered into by the Company and the Placing Agents. The net
         proceeds from the Placing amounted to approximately HK$1,943.0 million (equivalent to RMB1,777.4 million(6)).


         During the Reporting Period, our cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash at bank, net of restricted bank
         deposits. We had cash and cash equivalents of RMB1,336.5 million and RMB3,102.8 million as at December 31,
         2024 and June 30, 2025, respectively. The increase in our cash and cash equivalents primarily reflected the net
         proceeds from the Placing in June 2025.


         As at December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025, the balance of our financial assets measured at FVPL was
         RMB1,448.3 million and RMB852.3 million, respectively. As at December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025, the
         balance of our financial assets measured at amortized cost was RMB284.0 million and RMB488.3 million,
         respectively. Such changes were primarily due to the purchase and maturity of wealth management products
         acquired by the Company.




Notes:


(6)      Based on the exchange rate of HK$1: RMB0.91481 published by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC on
         June 12, 2025 for illustration purpose.



                                                                                                   2025 INTERIM REPORT        37
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        Net Cash Used in Operating Activities

        Our primary uses of cash during the Reporting Period were to fund our research and development activities,
        the construction of our research and development and manufacturing facilities, and purchase of equipment,
        machinery and intangible assets. We used net cash of RMB373.2 million in operating activities for the six months
        ended June 30, 2025, compared to the net cash of RMB68.9 million used in operating activities for the six months
        ended June 30, 2024. The increase in cash used was primarily because of less payments received from MSD
        pursuant to our collaboration in the first half of 2025. During the Reporting Period, we financed our operations
        primarily through payments received in accordance with our license and collaboration agreements and proceeds
        from the Placing.


        Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

        During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any borrowings.


        The gearing ratio is calculated by using interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities less cash and cash
        equivalents, divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%. As at June 30, 2024 and 2025, the Group had more
        cash and cash equivalents than interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities and thus, gearing ratio is not
        applicable.


        Net Current Assets

        The Group’s net current assets as at June 30, 2025 were RMB4,402.3 million, representing an increase of 64.1%
        compared to net current assets of RMB2,683.0 million as at December 31, 2024 primarily because of the net
        proceeds from the Placing.


        Currency Risk

        We are exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to cash and cash
        equivalents and amounts due to related parties that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e., a currency other
        than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions related. The currencies giving rise to this
        risk is primarily U.S. dollars. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of U.S. dollars against RMB may have a
        financial impact on us. Our management monitors our foreign currency risk exposure and will review and adjust
        our hedging measures in accordance with our needs.


        Pledge of Shares

        We do not have any pledging of shares by our Controlling Shareholders.


        Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals

        As at June 30, 2025, we did not hold any significant investments. For the Reporting Period, we did not have
        material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


        Capital Expenditure

        For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group’s total capital expenditure amounted to approximately
        RMB27.1 million, which was mainly used in purchasing R&D instruments and equipment.




38   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       Charge on Assets

       As at June 30, 2025, there was no charge on assets of the Group.


       Contingent Liabilities

       As at June 30, 2025, we did not have any contingent liabilities.


       Employees and Remuneration Policies

       As at June 30, 2025, we had 1,870 employees in total.


       We enter into individual employment contracts with our employees covering matters such as salaries, bonuses,
       employee benefits, workplace safety, confidentiality obligations, work product assignment clause and grounds
       for termination. The remuneration package of our employees includes salary and bonus, which are generally
       determined by their qualifications, performance review, and seniority. We also offer share incentives and
       promotion opportunities to motivate our employees.


III.   PROSPECTS
       In 2025, we continue to deepen the reform of our R&D innovation. Focusing on our strengths, we strive to
       increase efficiency, strengthen external cooperation, benchmark with the highest industry standards, enhance
       scientific decision-making capability, and maintain and expand our leading advantage in key technology areas
       such as pioneering projects and ADCs. Having established a product market-oriented mindset and facing
       unmet clinical needs, we have been developing innovative drugs with differentiated advantages and potential for
       internationalization in a targeted manner. Leveraging the application of big data and artificial intelligence, we have
       been strengthening our research capabilities on biology/small molecule and translational medicine to increase
       the success rate of innovative drug R&D. We will also enhance international cooperation on innovative drugs,
       accelerate cultivation of new competitive advantages and integrate into the innovative global drug network at a
       higher level to realize the value of innovative drugs in a broader space.


       Specifically, we intend to pursue the following development strategies: (i) advancing our differentiated pipelines
       targeting indications with significant medical needs; (ii) innovating on optimized payload-linker strategies, novel DC
       designs and structures, and expanded application to non-oncology diseases; (iii) enhancing our end-to-end drug
       development capabilities and advancing towards commercialization; (iv) expanding global footprints and strategic
       partnerships to maximize the value of our pipelines; and (v) optimizing our operation system to become a leading
       global biopharmaceutical company.


       (i)    Advancing our differentiated pipelines targeting indications with significant medical needs

              In the second half of 2025, our main goal is to advance our pipeline of over 10 clinical-stage drug
              candidates. We plan to accelerate the clinical development process of our clinical stage drug candidates.
              We expect to continue to strengthen the establishment of our ADC and novel DC pipelines, promote
              the joint management of projects under collaboration with our partners and receive further milestone
              payments.




                                                                                                 2025 INTERIM REPORT        39
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


               Guided by our indication-oriented approach, we will continue to advance our clinical-stage and preclinical
               oncology assets to target cancer indications with high prevalence and medical needs, notably BC,
               NSCLC, GI cancers and gynecological tumors. We will also continue to build and expand our differentiated
               non-oncology drug portfolio to target indications with significant disease burden and medical needs
               including autoimmune and metabolic diseases, leveraging our competitive ADC and novel DC, biologics
               and small-molecule technology platforms.


        (ii)   Innovating on optimized payload-linker strategies, novel DC designs and structures, and
               expanded application to non-oncology diseases

               We are establishing ADC and novel DC designs to further advance our OptiDC™ portfolio via a multi-
               pronged strategy, including:


               Further replacement of chemo-based cancer therapies.

               •      Developing ADCs targeting novel targets and target combinations, such as (i) biparatopic
                      antibodies that target different, non-overlapping binding sites on a single antigen to improve
                      efficacy by promoting cellular uptake of an ADC; (ii) bsAbs that target two different antigens co-
                      expressed on the same cancer cells to improve binding specificity toward cancer cells and reduce
                      off-tumor toxicity; and (iii) TAA-IO bsAbs to enhance anti-tumor effect by simultaneously targeting
                      TAA on tumor cells and IO antigen.


               •      Expanding payloads beyond common cytotoxic agents. In addition to new topoisomerase and
                      tubulin inhibitors with optimized drug-like properties, DNA-damaging reagents and other novel
                      cytotoxic agents and their combinations (dual-payload ADCs) are developed to deal with drug
                      resistance and suboptimal therapeutic index of current ADC-based therapies.


               •      Optimizing our conjugation technologies to enable precise control of the positioning and number
                      of conjugated payloads including dual payloads. To match the needs of constructing ADCs
                      with appropriate drug load and types, and conjugating sites, we have developed site-specific
                      conjugating technologies that allow precise control of DAR value, and this is realized via a practical
                      and cost-effective CMC process without complicated antibody engineering or modification.


               Expansion into non-chemo-based cancer therapies.

               •      Developing novel DCs with diversified mechanisms of action other than cytotoxic mechanism, such
                      as (i) RDCs that carry radioactive isotopes to cancer cells and represent a promising strategy to
                      overcome drug resistance associated with traditional cytotoxin-based ADCs; (ii) iADCs that carry
                      immune-modulators that stimulate innate and adaptive immune response to provide a robust and
                      long-term anti-tumor effect; and (iii) DACs with targeted protein degraders that offer enhanced
                      safety than cytotoxins by inducing specific protein degradation in tumor cells.


               Exploration beyond cancer.

               •      In addition to ADCs for treating cancers, we are developing ADCs configured with various novel,
                      non-cytotoxic payload strategies for non-oncology diseases, such as ADCs with GR modulators as
                      payloads to treat autoimmune diseases.




40   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         (iii)   Enhancing our end-to-end drug development and commercialization capabilities

                 R&D. In addition to expanding our drug portfolio, we are dedicated to optimizing our R&D platforms and
                 developing novel technologies to support the R&D of next-generation drugs. We continue to enhance
                 our R&D capabilities by bringing in experienced professionals from around the world. In addition, we are
                 paying close attention to AI-enabled drug discovery and plan to continue introducing AI into several R&D
                 processes to further improve R&D efficiency, including novel target validation, drug discovery, synthesis
                 pathway generation, prediction of drug properties and indication selection, and so on.


                 Manufacturing and Quality Management. We will continue to expand our cGMP facilities to support
                 commercialization needs. Going forward, we will continue to enhance our manufacturing capabilities,
                 through expanding our in-house capacity or through collaborating with industry-recognized contract
                 manufacturing organizations. Meanwhile, we strive to upgrade and improve our comprehensive
                 quality management system, benchmarking against the highest international standards adopted by
                 pharmaceutical multinational corporations, to ensure patient safety and regulatory compliance.


                 Commercialization. We have received marketing authorization for sac-TMT (佳泰萊®), tagitanlimab
                 (科泰萊 ®) and Cetuximab N01 (達泰萊 ®) and have commenced their commercialization. Based on
                 the expected approval timeline of each late-stage project in our pipeline, and subject to regulatory
                 communications and marketing approval, we expect to launch our Core Product trastuzumab botidotin
                 (舒泰萊®)(7) in the China market and file an NDA for A400 in the second half of 2025. We have set up a
                 fully-fledged commercialization team to prepare and implement the marketing and commercialization of
                 our strategic products and have established a departmental structure within the Company, consisting
                 of various departments such as marketing, sales, distribution and market access, medical affairs,
                 and strategic planning and commercial excellence, among others, as well as marketing compliance
                 and KA functions. We will continue to refine our commercialization strategies for each late-stage drug
                 candidate, first prioritizing therapeutic areas with medical needs in China, such as BC, NSCLC and GI
                 cancers, while offering synergistic treatment options enabled by our diverse pipeline to optimize patient
                 outcome. Globally, we will continue to pursue a flexible strategy to capture the commercial value in major
                 international markets, through forging synergistic license and collaboration opportunities worldwide.


         (iv)    Expanding global footprints and strategic partnerships to maximize the value of our pipelines

                 Following the success of our existing license and collaboration agreements, we are actively exploring
                 new partnership opportunities globally. In the near to medium term, we plan to continue adopting
                 the out-licensing collaboration model and fully leverage our partners’ global clinical development and
                 commercialization capabilities to bring our products to the global market. In the long term, we will leverage
                 the out-licensing collaborations to fully learn from our partners’ expertise in global clinical development and
                 commercialization, explore more diversified “going overseas” pathways, gradually conduct and promote
                 international multi-center, registrational clinical studies and establish a commercialization system. By
                 doing so, our products can benefit from a wider range of patients worldwide, enjoy greater global market
                 value and further enhance corporate value. Meanwhile, we are closely monitoring global opportunities



Notes:


(7)      Trade name to be approved by NMPA.



                                                                                                    2025 INTERIM REPORT          41
 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


              to in-license new drug candidates and innovative technologies that could bring strategic synergies to
              our pipeline and technology platforms. We are also committed to enhancing our collaborations with key
              opinion leaders, top hospitals and academic institutions, in China and globally, to ensure our timely access
              to cutting-edge research and support our existing and future pipeline.


        (v)   Optimizing our operation system to become a leading global biopharmaceutical company

              We are continuously reviewing and optimizing our internal procedures, particularly our R&D management
              process, to enhance operational efficiency and support our growth as a fully-fledged biopharmaceutical
              company. We also aim to attract and recruit outstanding scientific, marketing and managerial personnel to
              join our talent pool, in order to maintain our competitiveness in a rapidly evolving industry.


              Meanwhile, we are actively seeking opportunities to expand our global footprint and raise international
              brand awareness. As our business continues to grow, we will adhere to our mission to address major
              medical needs in China and globally, and to bring world-class treatments, and a healthier and happier life,
              to all patients.




42   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has made any purchase, sale or redemption of the listed securities of the
Company (including sale of treasury shares) during the six months ended June 30, 2025.


As at 30 June 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company recognizes the importance of good corporate governance for enhancing the management of the Company
as well as preserving the interests of the shareholders as a whole. The Company has adopted corporate governance
practices based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the CG Code as contained in Appendix C1 to the
Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance practices.


The Company has strictly complied with the CG Code during the six months ended June 30, 2025.


The Board will continue to review and monitor its code of corporate governance practices of the Company with an aim to
maintaining a high standard of corporate governance.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct
regarding dealings in the securities of the Company by the Directors, the Supervisors (from the beginning of the
Reporting Period until the abolishment of the Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025) and the Group’s employees
who, because of his/her office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Group or the
Company’s securities.


Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the six months ended
June 30, 2025, and all Supervisors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code from the beginning of the
Reporting Period until the abolishment of the Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025. In addition, the Company is not
aware of any non-compliance with the Model Code by the senior management of the Group during the six months ended
June 30, 2025.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
•      On August 19, 2025, clinical data from a Phase 2 study (OptiTROP-Lung01) of sac-TMT in combination with PD-
       L1 mAb tagitanlimab (科泰萊®) for the first-line treatment of advanced or metastatic NSCLC were published in
       Nature Medicine.


•      The Company entered the “2025 Fortune China Tech 50” list released by Fortune (財富) on August 21, 2025.


Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any material subsequent events from June 30, 2025 to the date
of publishing this Interim Report.




                                                                                             2025 INTERIM REPORT           43
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


 REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS
 The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. LI Yuedong, Dr. TU Wenwei
 and Dr. ZHENG Qiang. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Dr. LI Yuedong who holds the appropriate qualification
 as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited
 interim condensed consolidated financial information of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025 with the
 management and the auditor of the Company. The Audit Committee considered that the interim results are in compliance
 with the applicable accounting standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made appropriate disclosures
 thereof. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted
 by the Company and internal control with senior management of the Company.


 The independent auditor of the Company, namely KPMG, has carried out a review of the interim financial information
 in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information
 Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.


 INTERIM DIVIDEND
 The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2025 (June 30,
 2024: nil).


 CHANGE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES
 The following sets out the changes in the particulars of Directors, Supervisors (from the beginning of the Reporting Period
 until the abolishment of the Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025) and chief executives of the Company which are
 required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the publication of the annual report of the
 Company for the year ended December 31, 2024:


 (1)      Following the approval of the amendments to the Articles of Association by the Shareholders at the annual general
          meeting held on June 20, 2025, the Company has abolished the Supervisory Committee with effect from June
          20, 2025. As such, each of Ms. LIAO Yihong, Dr. SONG Hongmei, Ms. YANG Qiuyan and Dr. QING Yan ceased
          to be a Supervisor of the Company with effect from June 20, 2025.


 (2)      Dr. GE Junyou was elected as the employee representative Director of the fourth session of the Board at the
          meeting of the employee representative of the Company held on June 20, 2025.


 (3)      Dr. GE Junyou was appointed as a member of the Professional Committee on Drug Inspection and Compliance
          Research of China Society for Drug Regulation (中國藥品監督管理研究會藥品檢查與合規性研究專業委員會) in
          June 2025.


 (4)      Ms. LIAO Yihong was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from June 20, 2025.




44     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(5)    Mr. ZENG Xuebo has been a non-executive Director of Sunshine Lake Pharma Co., Ltd. (廣東東陽光藥業股份
       有限公司) (a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6887) since August 7, 2025) since December
       2024.


(6)    Mr. LI Dongfang ceased to be a non-executive Director with effect from June 20, 2025.


(7)    Dr. ZHENG Qiang was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee and ceased to be a member of the
       Nomination Committee, both with effect from June 20, 2025.


(8)    Dr. JIN Jinping was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee and ceased to be a member of the
       Audit Committee, both with effect from June 20, 2025.


Save as disclosed above, there has been no other change in the information of the Directors, Supervisors (from the
beginning of the Reporting Period until the abolishment of the Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025) and chief
executives of the Company which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules as of the
date of publishing this Interim Report.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
During the Reporting Period, other than the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme, the Company did not grant any rights
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares or debentures of the Company to any Directors or Supervisors
or their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years, and none of them has exercised such rights.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, other than the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme, none of the Directors or their
respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years were granted with rights, or had exercised any such
rights, to acquire benefits by means of purchasing Shares or debentures of the Company. No member of the Group was
a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18
years to acquire such rights from any other body corporates.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the Shares,
underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of
the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which any such Directors and chief executive(s) of the Company
are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required to be entered in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or which were otherwise required to be notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:




                                                                                               2025 INTERIM REPORT      45
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


 (a)      Interest in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage of        Approximate
                                                                                                              shareholding      percentage of
          Name of                                                                                           in the relevant   shareholding in
          Director                                                            Number and                           class of   the total issued
          or chief                                      Nature of             types of                            Shares(1)          Shares(1)
          executive         Position                    Interest              Shares held(1)                            (%)                (%)
          LIU Gexin         Chairman of the Board       Interest in controlled 92,345,543 H Shares (L)(2)            56.73              39.60
                              and non-executive            corporation(2)
                              Director                  Interest in controlled 62,201,712                            88.33              26.67
                                                           corporation(3)        Unlisted Shares (L)(3)
          GE Junyou         Executive Director,         Other (4)
                                                                               2,250,000 H Shares (L)(4)              1.38               0.96
                              general manager and
                              chief executive officer
          LAI Degui         Non-executive Director      Other(5)              465,000 H Shares (L)(5)                 0.29               0.20
          FENG Hao          Non-executive Director      Other(6)              465,000 H Shares (L)(6)                 0.29               0.20
          LIAO Yihong       Non-executive Director      Other(7)              170,000 H Shares (L)(7)                 0.10               0.07


          Notes:


          (1)      As at June 30, 2025, the Company had a total of 233,185,969 issued Shares, consisting of (i) 70,415,990 Unlisted
                   Shares, comprising 65,773,800 Domestic Shares and 4,642,190 Unlisted Foreign Shares, and (ii) 162,769,979 H
                   Shares.


          (2)      Mr. LIU Gexin is deemed as the actual controller of Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Kelun Pharmaceutical”).
                   Kelun Pharmaceutical is interested in a total of 92,345,543 H Shares, comprising (i) 57,777,843 H Shares directly held as
                   beneficial owner; (ii) 4,567,700 H Shares held by Kelun International Development Co., Limited (“Kelun International”),
                   a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical and (iii) 30,000,000 H Shares held by the four Employee Incentive
                   Platforms, the general partner of which is Chengdu Kelun Jingchuan Technology Co., Ltd. (“Kelun Jingchuan”), a
                   wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical.


          (3)      Mr. LIU Gexin is deemed as the actual controller of Kelun Pharmaceutical. Kelun Pharmaceutical directly held
                   62,201,712 Unlisted Shares as beneficial owner.


          (4)      Dr. GE Junyou has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Chengdu Kelun
                   Huicai Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership (成都科倫匯才企業管理中心(有限合夥)) (“Kelun Huicai”)
                   and Chengdu Kelun Huizhi Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership (成都科倫匯智企業管理中心(有限合
                   夥)) (“Kelun Huizhi”), two of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 7,500,000 H Shares. Dr. GE
                   Junyou held 28.00% partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding to 2,100,000 H Shares. Kelun Huizhi held a
                   total of 7,500,000 H Shares. Dr. GE Junyou held 2.00% partnership interest in Kelun Huizhi, corresponding to 150,000
                   H Shares.


          (5)      Mr. LAI Degui has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Kelun Huicai,
                   one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 7,500,000 H Shares. Mr. LAI Degui held 6.20%
                   partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding to 465,000 H Shares.


          (6)      Mr. FENG Hao has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Kelun Huicai,
                   one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 7,500,000 H Shares. Mr. FENG Hao held 6.20%
                   partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding to 465,000 H Shares.



46     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


      (7)      Ms. LIAO Yihong has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Kelun Huicai,
               one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 7,500,000 H Shares. Ms. LIAO Yihong held 2.27%
               partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding to 170,000 H Shares.


      (L)      Long position.


(b)   Interest in the shares of associated corporations

                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage of
                                                                                                                         shareholding in
                                                                                                                         the total issued
                                                                                                         Number of          shares of the
                                 Name of                                                              shares held in          associated
      Name of associated         Director or                                                         the associated          corporation
      corporation                chief executive   Position                 Nature of Interest          corporation                   (%)
      Kelun Pharmaceutical (2)
                                 LIU Gexin         Chairman of the Board    Beneficial owner         379,128,280 (L)              23.72(1)
                                                     and non-executive
                                                     Director
                                 GE Junyou         Executive Director and   Beneficial owner             295,000 (L)               0.02(1)
                                                     general manager
                                 LIU Sichuan       Non-executive Director   Beneficial owner           8,346,286 (L)               0.52(1)
                                 LAI Degui         Non-executive Director   Beneficial owner             446,699 (L)               0.03(1)
                                 FENG Hao          Non-executive Director   Beneficial owner             431,534 (L)               0.03(1)
                                 LIAO Yihong       Non-executive Director   Beneficial owner             121,667 (L)               0.01(1)
      Zhejiang Keyun(3)          LAI Degui         Non-executive Director   Beneficial owner           2,000,000 (L)              10.00(5)
                                                                            Interest in controlled    3,200,000 (L)(4)            16.00(5)
                                                                               corporation(4)
                                 FENG Hao          Non-executive Director   Beneficial owner           2,000,000 (L)              10.00(5)
                                                                            Interest in controlled    3,200,000 (L)(4)            16.00(5)
                                                                               corporation(4)


      Notes:

      (1)      As at June 30, 2025, Kelun Pharmaceutical had a total of 1,598,053,372 issued shares.

      (2)      Kelun Pharmaceutical is the holding company of the Company and therefore an associated corporation of the Company.

      (3)      Zhejiang Keyun IOT Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江科運物聯科技有限公司) (“Zhejiang Keyun”) is a subsidiary of Kelun
               Pharmaceutical and therefore an associated corporation of the Company.

      (4)      Each of Lishui Keyun Yaotong Logistics Technology Limited Partnership (麗水市科運耀通物流科技合夥企業(有限合夥))
               (“Keyun Yaotong”) and Lishui Keyun Rentong Logistics Technology Limited Partnership (麗水市科運仁通物流科技合
               夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Keyun Rentong”) held RMB1,600,000 registered capital of Zhejiang Keyun. Mr. LAI Degui and Mr.
               FENG Hao each held 50% partnership interest in each of Keyun Yaotong and Keyun Rentong and is therefore deemed
               to be interested in the registered capital of Zhejiang Keyun held by Keyun Yaotong and Keyun Rentong.

      (5)      As at June 30, 2025, Zhejiang Keyun had a total of RMB20,000,000 registered capital.

      (L)      Long position.




                                                                                                           2025 INTERIM REPORT               47
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


 Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had or was
 deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of
 its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company
 and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or which were required to be entered in the
 register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or which was required to be notified to
 the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


 SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
 UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
 To the best knowledge of the Company based on public information, as at June 30, 2025, the interests or short positions
 of the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) in the Shares or underlying
 Shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were
 required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO
 (including interests or short positions which any such persons other than the Directors and chief executives of the
 Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in the
 register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:


                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                   percentage of          Approximate
                                                                                                    shareholding        percentage of
                                                                                                   in the relevant shareholding in
                                                                                                           class of the total issued
                                                                Number and class of                       Shares(1)            Shares(1)
 Name of Shareholder                 Nature of Interest         Shares held    (1)
                                                                                                                 (%)                  (%)

 Kelun Pharmaceutical                Beneficial owner           57,777,843 H Shares (L)                       35.50                24.78
                                     Interest in controlled     34,567,700 H Shares (L)(2)                    21.24                14.82
                                        corporations(2)
                                     Beneficial owner(3)        62,201,712                                    88.33                26.67
                                                                  Unlisted Shares (L)   (3)


 Kelun Jingchuan                     Interest in controlled     30,000,000 H Shares (L)(4)                    18.43                12.87
                                        corporations   (4)


 Merck & Co., Inc.(5)                Interest in controlled     13,443,693 H Shares (L)                         8.26                 5.77
                                        corporation  (5)


 Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC(5)          Beneficial owner           13,443,693 H Shares (L)                         8.26                 5.77


 Notes:


 (1)      As at June 30, 2025, the Company had a total of 233,185,969 issued Shares, consisting of (i) 70,415,990 Unlisted Shares,
          comprising 65,773,800 Domestic Shares and 4,642,190 Unlisted Foreign Shares, and (ii) 162,769,979 H Shares.


 (2)      Kelun Pharmaceutical is interested in a total of 92,345,543 H Shares, comprising (i) 57,777,843 H Shares directly held as
          beneficial owner; (ii) 4,567,700 H Shares held by Kelun International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical and (iii)
          30,000,000 H Shares held by the four Employee Incentive Platforms, the general partner of which is Kelun Jingchuan, a wholly-
          owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical.


 (3)      Kelun Pharmaceutical directly held 62,201,712 Unlisted Shares as beneficial owner.



48     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(4)    Kelun Jingchuan is the general partner of the four Employee Incentive Platforms, which in aggregate held 30,000,000 H Shares.


(5)    Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., a company listed on the New York Stock
       Exchange (stock code: MRK).


(L)    Long position.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, no person (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company
as set out in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying
Shares and debentures of the Company and its Associated Corporations” in this report) had any interests or short
positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which were required to be notified to the Company or the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were required to be entered in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


PRE-IPO EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE SCHEME
The Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme was adopted and approved by resolutions in writing by the Board in 2016,
and was further revised in May 2020 and January 2023. The purpose of the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme is
to provide equity incentives for core employees to attract and recruit skilled personnel, in order to fully mobilize the
enthusiasm of core employees, ensure stability, motivation and long-term core R&D personnel’s labor relationships and
aligning core employees’ interest with the long-term development of the Company. The Pre-IPO Employee Incentive
Scheme is not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules as it will not involve the grant of new options or
awards by the Company after the Listing.


The Company has established four employee incentive platforms, namely Kelun Huicai, Kelun Huide, Kelun Huineng and
Kelun Huizhi (the “Employee Incentive Platforms”), in the form of limited partnerships. As at June 30, 2025, the four
Employee Incentive Platforms, in aggregate, held 30,000,000 Shares.


The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme.


1.     Summary of terms

       (a)     Purpose

               For the purpose of quickly attracting and recruiting high-end talents, fully mobilizing the enthusiasm of our
               core employees, ensuring stability, motivation and long-term core R&D personnel’s labor relationships,
               accelerating the development process of products candidates, encouraging core employees to work hard
               and aligning their interest with the long-term development of our Company, the Company provides equity
               incentives for core employees.


       (b)     Form of Scheme

               Participants, as partners of the Employee Incentive Platforms which are in the form of limited partnerships,
               shall subscribe for the capital contribution of the limited partnership interest according to the amount
               approved by the equity incentive management committee (the “Equity Incentive Management
               Committee”), and make the corresponding payment in accordance with the arrangement of the Equity
               Incentive Management Committee, thereby indirectly holding the shares of the Company by virtue of their
               capacity as a limited partner of the relevant Employee Incentive Platform.



                                                                                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT             49
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


        (c)   Participants

              The participants include the senior management, key technical personnel and other core employees,
              Directors, Supervisors or consultants of the Company, Sichuan Konas and KLUS PHARMA (the
              “Participants”). The Equity Incentive Management Committee shall determine or adjust the scope of
              Participants and the incentive shares after considering factors such as the employee’s working years, on-
              boarding situations, annual appraisal performance, nature of the job, seniority, and sense of corporate
              identity.


        (d)   Total Number of Incentive Shares

              Participants shall hold a total of 30,000,000 shares of the Company through the limited partnerships,
              which means that four limited partnerships serving as the Employee Incentive Platforms shall hold a total
              of 30,000,000 shares of the Company, corresponding to the capital of the Company of RMB30 million.


        (e)   Subscription Price of the Incentive Shares

              The subscription price of the incentive shares is based on comprehensive consideration of factors and is
              determined by the Equity Incentive Management Committee according to the following principles:


              The subscription price for the first batch of Participants to subscribe and pay for the incentive shares in
              2017 is RMB1.00 per share, and the price for subsequent batches of Participants to subscribe and pay
              for the incentive shares is calculated as: RMB1.00 * (1+6%*N) (“N” refers to the number of years, “N” is
              calculated by the calendar year in which such Participants were granted incentive shares for the first time
              less 2017).


        (f)   Payment of Incentive Share Price

              Participants must subscribe for the incentive shares in cash, and should ensure that their source of funds is
              genuine and lawful.


              The subscription period of the incentive shares shall be determined by the Equity Incentive Management
              Committee. Participants shall make the corresponding payment for incentive shares fully and timely.
              Participants who fail to pay or pay less than the corresponding price as stated in the notice of grant issued
              by the Equity Incentive Management Committee are deemed to give up the opportunity to subscribe for
              the incentive shares. The Equity Incentive Management Committee has the right to adjust or revoke the
              qualifications of Participants, and return the paid principal (without interest).


        (g)   Distribution Method of the Incentive Shares

              (1)     Original distribution: Based on the factors such as the current working years and previous
                      performance, the Equity Incentive Management Committee will determine the scope of Participants
                      and the number of the incentive shares. Unless approved by the Equity Incentive Management
                      Committee, the cumulative incentive shares held by a single natural person through this method
                      shall not exceed 0.5% of the total incentive shares. The employees who have obtained the original
                      distribution shares are regarded as the first batch of Participants, and shall make the payment in
                      installments and are deemed to have obtained the incentive shares at the establishment of the
                      limited partnerships.



50   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


      (2)    Annual appraisal distribution: According to the annual appraisal by the Company and associated
             subsidiaries, the Equity Incentive Management Committee has the right to decide to add new
             Participants or increase the number of the incentive shares of existing Participants every year.


      (3)    Unless approved by the Equity Incentive Management Committee, the cumulative incentive shares
             held by a single natural person shall not exceed 1% of the total incentive shares subscribed
             through the original distribution and annual appraisal distribution.


(h)   Distribution Procedures of the Incentive Shares

      The Equity Incentive Management Committee is responsible for the distribution of the incentive shares. In
      general, the distribution procedures are as follows:


      (1)    The Equity Incentive Management Committee decides the specific conditions for eligible
             Participants, the allocation of the incentive shares among different internal departments and
             divisions, the preliminary grantee list and the number of shares proposed to be granted.


      (2)    The management of relevant departments of the Company and its subsidiaries is responsible for
             formulating departmental allocation plans, selecting the Participants from the lists, determining
             the number of incentive shares, and submitting the departmental allocation plans to the Equity
             Incentive Management Committee.


      (3)    The Equity Incentive Management Committee is responsible for making the final decisions about
             the selected Participants and number of the incentive shares to be granted to each selected
             Participants.


      (4)    The selected Participants shall sign relevant legal documents and pay the subscription price in
             accordance with the arrangement and instructions of the Equity Incentive Management Committee.


(i)   Obligations of Participants

      The main obligations of Participants are as follows:


      (1)    The incentive shares held by Participants shall be locked up for a period of 4 years from the
             effective date of the incentive shares grant agreement (the “Incentive Shares Grant Agreement”).
             During the 4-year lock-up period, Participants are not allowed to transfer the incentive shares to
             any third party, nor use the incentive shares for guarantee or repayment of debts. During the lockup
             period, if Participants rescind or terminate the labor or business relationship with the Company or
             its subsidiaries, Participants shall follow the relevant arrangements to cooperate with the executive
             partner to go through the relevant procedures for repurchasing their incentive shares. Participants
             shall voluntarily commit to continuing to hold the incentive shares for more than 1 year after the
             expiration of the lock-up period.


      (2)    Individual income tax arising from withdrawal, holding or transfer of the incentive shares, dividends
             or other activities shall be borne by Participants themselves.




                                                                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT           51
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


              (3)    Participants are obliged to abide by other relevant administration measures formulated by Kelun
                     Pharmaceutical and the Company at the general meetings, the meetings of Board of Directors and
                     the meetings of the Equity Incentive Committee.


        (j)   Arrangements for Participants Resigning during the Lock-up Period

              During the lock-up period, if Participants rescind or terminate the labor or service contracts with the
              Company or its subsidiaries, Participants shall transfer all their incentive shares to the executive partner or
              its designated third party according to the requirements of the executive partner. Such incentive shares
              transferred to the executive partner or the designated third party shall be used in accordance with the
              decision of the Equity Incentive Management Committee.


        (k)   Overall Repurchase of the Incentive Shares

              For the incentive shares held by Participants, Kelun Pharmaceutical or its subsidiaries shall have the right
              to repurchase relevant incentive shares as a whole according to business needs. Overall repurchase can
              be done all in one time or in batches.


              When conducting the overall repurchase, appropriate methods such as issuing shares to purchase assets,
              repurchasing in cash, or a combination of these two methods may be adopted. When necessary, an
              independent third-party financial consultant or valuer could be engaged to assess the fair valuation of the
              relevant incentive shares.


        (l)   Adjustment to the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme

              When the number of Participants, fundraising methods and incentive methods may raise regulatory
              concern or affect the long-term development of the Company’s overall interests, Kelun Pharmaceutical
              and the Company have the right to make corresponding adjustments to the effective documents of the
              Employee Incentive Scheme and other incentive management measures provided that such adjustments
              comply with the principles of fairness, justice, win-win and order.


        (m)   Equity Incentive Management Committee

              The Equity Incentive Management Committee is responsible for the daily decision-making, management
              and execution of employee equity incentive matters. The Equity Incentive Management Committee is
              composed of five members, elected by and responsible to the Board. The Equity Incentive Management
              Committee is responsible for the following matters:


              (1)    handling specific matters such as the selection of Participants, determination of allocated shares,
                     and payment arrangements for the incentive shares in line with the Board;


              (2)    daily management of agreements and documents;


              (3)    formulating and revising the rules of procedure of the Equity Incentive Management Committee;
                     and


              (4)    other matters concerning the Equity Incentive Management Committee.




52   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


2.   Incentive Shares Granted

     As at June 30, 2025, awards corresponding to a total of 22,976,250 Shares, representing approximately 76.59%
     of the total Shares under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme, have been granted to the Participants. Save as
     disclosed below, no awards have been granted to other connected persons of our Group.


     Details of the incentive shares granted to the Directors, Supervisors (from the beginning of the Reporting Period
     until the abolishment of the Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025) and senior management under the Pre-
     IPO Employee Incentive Scheme are set out below:


                                                                                                            Approximate     Approximate
                                                                                                                number      shareholding
                                                                                                               of shares     percentage
                                                                                           Approximate corresponding       corresponding
                                                                                            partnership       to awards to awards in the
                                                                           Relevant          interests of    held by the total number of
                                                                           Employee        the Employee       Employee         shares in
                                                                           Incentive           Incentive       Incentive      issue as at
     Name                Position                                          Platforms          Platforms       Platforms    June 30, 2025

     Dr. GE Junyou       Executive Director and general manager            Kelun Huicai          28.00%       2,100,000           0.90%
       (葛均友)
                                                                           Kelun Huizhi           2.00%         150,000           0.06%
     Mr. LAI Degui       Non-executive Director                            Kelun Huicai           6.20%         465,000           0.20%
       (賴德貴)
     Mr. FENG Hao        Non-executive Director                            Kelun Huicai           6.20%         465,000           0.20%
       (馮昊)
     Ms. LIAO Yihong     Chairperson of the Supervisory Committee          Kelun Huicai           2.27%         170,000           0.07%
       (廖益虹)               and Supervisor (from the beginning of the
                           Reporting Period until the abolishment of the
                           Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025),
                           and Non-executive Director (since June 20,
                           2025)
     Dr. SONG Hongmei Supervisor (from the beginning of the                Kelun Huizhi           6.13%         460,000           0.20%
       (宋宏梅)               Reporting Period until the abolishment of the
                           Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025)
     Ms. YANG Qiuyan     Supervisor (from the beginning of the             Kelun Huineng          4.27%         320,000           0.14%
       (楊秋艷)               Reporting Period until the abolishment of the
                           Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025)
     Dr. QING Yan        Supervisor (from the beginning of the             Kelun Huicai           5.33%         400,000           0.17%
       (卿燕)                Reporting Period until the abolishment of the
                           Supervisory Committee on June 20, 2025)
     Mr. FENG Yi         Deputy general manager, chief strategy officer    Kelun Huicai          16.40%       1,230,000           0.53%
       (馮毅)                and senior vice president
     Dr. ZHANG Yiwei     Deputy general manager                            Kelun Huineng          4.67%         350,000           0.15%
       (張一偉)




                                                                                                             2025 INTERIM REPORT            53
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION



                                                                                                           Approximate     Approximate
                                                                                                               number      shareholding
                                                                                                              of shares     percentage
                                                                                          Approximate corresponding       corresponding
                                                                                           partnership       to awards to awards in the
                                                                          Relevant          interests of    held by the total number of
                                                                          Employee        the Employee       Employee         shares in
                                                                          Incentive           Incentive       Incentive      issue as at
        Name                Position                                      Platforms          Platforms       Platforms    June 30, 2025

        Dr. TAN Xiangyang   Deputy general manager and chief scientific   Kelun Huineng          4.67%         350,000           0.15%
          (譚向陽)               officer
        Dr. YU Wensheng     Deputy General Manager and Chief Science      Kelun Huineng          1.60%         120,000           0.05%
          (俞文勝)               Officer of Small Molecule
        Dr. JIN Xiaoping    Deputy general manager and chief medical      Kelun Huicai           8.40%         630,000           0.27%
          (金小平)               officer
        Mr. ZHOU Zejian     Chief financial officer and joint company     Kelun Huide           12.67%         950,000           0.41%
          (周澤劍)               secretary
        Mr. GUO Yong        Deputy General Manager and Chief Marketing    Kelun Huizhi           6.00%         400,000           0.19%
          (丁南超)               Officer
        Mr. CHEN Wei        Deputy General Manager and Responsible for    Kelun Huide            2.00%         150,000           0.06%
          (陳巍)                Commercial and Marketing Access


 USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING AND OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION
 The Company received net proceeds of approximately HK$1,258.9 million from the Listing. On August 8, 2023, the
 Company also received net proceeds of approximately HK$196 million from the full exercise of the Over-allotment Option.
 The total net proceeds amounted to approximately HK$1,454.9 million. The aforementioned net proceeds amounts
 were arrived at after deducting the underwriting commissions and other estimated expenses payable by the Company in
 connection with the full exercise of the Over-allotment Option.




54   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


The Company has utilized, and expects to utilize, the net proceeds from the Global Offering and the full exercise of the
Over-allotment Option in accordance with the intended uses previously disclosed in the Prospectus (following pro rata
adjustment based on the actual net proceeds received). For further details, please refer to the section headed “Future
Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has used the net
proceeds from the Global Offering and the full exercise of the Over-allotment Option as follows:


                                                                                                            Net          Net
                                                                                Net           Net    proceeds      proceeds
                                                                         proceeds      proceeds        utilized    unutilized
                                                                           utilized    unutilized     as at the     as at the
                                                Allocation Percentage         as at         as at    end of the    end of the Expected
                                                   of net of total net   December      December      Reporting     Reporting time of full
Intended use of net proceeds                    proceeds      proceeds    31, 2024      31, 2024        Period        Period utilization
                                                    RMB                       RMB           RMB           RMB          RMB
                                                in million                in million    in million    in million   in million

(1)     Research, development and                   600.9         45%         600.9             0         600.9            0 –
        commercialization of our Core
        Products, namely, SKB264 and A166
(2)     Research, development and                   400.6         30%         376.8          23.8         400.6            0 –
        commercialization of our other key
        products, including A140, A167, A400
        and A223
(3)     Continued development of our                160.2         12%         130.2          30.0         139.5         20.7 Year 2025
        technology platforms, advance
        our other existing pipeline assets,
        and explore and develop new drug
        candidates
(4)     Funding the expansion of our                106.8          8%          99.7           7.1         100.9          5.9 Year 2025
        manufacturing capabilities and
        quality control system to support the
        anticipated commercialization of our
        late-stage assets
(5)     Working capital and general corporate        66.9          5%          66.1           0.8          66.9            0 –
        purposes
Total                                            1,335.4(1)      100%       1,273.7          61.7       1,308.8         26.6


Note:


(1)     Based on the RMB equivalent of aggregate net proceeds from the Global Offering and the full exercise of the Over–allotment
        Option.




                                                                                                            2025 INTERIM REPORT             55
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


 USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE MAY 2024 PLACING
 On May 16, 2024, the placing of 3,648,600 H Shares (with an aggregate nominal value of RMB3,648,600) to multiple
 placees at the placing price of HK$150.00 per Share was completed. The placing price represents a discount of
 approximately 6.83% to the closing price of HK$161.00 per H Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on May 7,
 2024, being the last trading day prior to the signing of the placing agreement. The placees were individual, professional,
 institutional and/or other investors. The net proceeds from the May 2024 Placing amounted to approximately HK$541.4
 million with the net price of approximately HK$148.39 per H Share. The May 2024 Placing was undertaken to further
 enlarge the Shareholders’ equity base of the Company, optimize the capital structure of the Company and support the
 healthy and sustainable development of the Company, and the Directors considered it represented a suitable financing
 option for the Company to raise further funding to support the Group’s continuous development and business growth.


 The Company has utilized, and expects to utilize, the net proceeds from the May 2024 Placing in accordance with the
 intended uses previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated May 8, 2024 and May 16, 2024 (the
 “May 2024 Placing and Subscription Announcements”). For further details, please refer to the May 2024 Placing and
 Subscription Announcements.


 As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has used the net proceeds from the May 2024 Placing as follows:


                                                                                                                    Net          Net
                                                                                        Net           Net    proceeds      proceeds
                                                                                 proceeds      proceeds        utilized    unutilized
                                                                                   utilized    unutilized     as at the     as at the
                                                        Allocation Percentage         as at         as at    end of the    end of the Expected
                                                           of net of total net   December      December      Reporting     Reporting time of full
 Intended use of net proceeds                           proceeds      proceeds    31, 2024      31, 2024        Period        Period utilization
                                                            RMB                       RMB           RMB           RMB          RMB
                                                        in million                in million    in million    in million   in million

 (1)      Research and development, clinical
          trials, registration filings, manufacturing
          and commercialization of:
          (a)       our Core Products                       172.1         35%         172.1             0         172.1            0 –
          (b)       our other products                      172.1         35%         165.8           6.3         171.4          0.7 Year 2025
 (2)      Enhance our internal research and                 122.9         25%          36.9          86.0          61.3         61.6 Year 2025
          development technology capabilities,
          strengthen external collaboration, and
          expand our product pipeline portfolio
 (3)      Working capital and general corporate              24.5          5%          11.6          12.9          23.9          0.6 Year 2025
          purposes
 Total                                                     491.6(1)      100%         386.4         105.2         428.7         62.9


 Note:


 (1)      Based on the RMB equivalent of net proceeds from the May 2024 Placing.




56     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE SUBSCRIPTION
On December 17, 2024, the subscription of 4,423,870 Domestic Shares (with an aggregate nominal value of
RMB4,423,870) by Kelun Pharmaceutical at the subscription price of RMB136.21 per Share was completed. The
subscription price represents a discount of approximately 6.83% to the closing price of HK$161.00 per Share as quoted
on the Stock Exchange on May 7, 2024, being the last trading day prior to the signing of the subscription agreement.
The net proceeds from the Subscription is approximately RMB601.4 million with a net subscription price of approximately
HK$149.63 per Share. The Subscription was undertaken to further support the healthy and sustainable development of
the Company, and the Directors considered it represented a suitable financing option for the Company to raise further
funding to support the Group’s continuous development and business growth.


The Company has utilized, and expects to utilize, the net proceeds from the Subscription in accordance with the
intended uses previously disclosed in the May 2024 Placing and Subscription Announcements. For further details, please
refer to the May 2024 Placing and Subscription Announcements.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has used the net proceeds from the Subscription as follows:


                                                                                                             Net          Net
                                                                                 Net           Net    proceeds      proceeds
                                                                          proceeds      proceeds        utilized    unutilized
                                                                            utilized    unutilized     as at the     as at the
                                                 Allocation Percentage         as at         as at    end of the    end of the Expected
                                                    of net of total net   December      December      Reporting     Reporting time of full
Intended use of net proceeds                     proceeds     proceeds     31, 2024      31, 2024        Period        Period utilization
                                                     RMB                       RMB           RMB           RMB          RMB
                                                 in million                in million    in million    in million   in million

(1)     Research and development,
        clinical trials, registration
        filings, manufacturing and
        commercialization of:
        (a)      our Core Products                   210.5        35%           44.0         166.5         209.2          1.3 Year 2025
        (b)      our other products                  210.5        35%           53.3         157.2         118.7         91.8 Year 2025
(2)     Enhance our internal research and            150.3        25%           19.7         130.6          66.6         83.7 Year 2025
        development technology capabilities,
        strengthen external collaboration, and
        expand our product pipeline portfolio
(3)     Working capital and general corporate         30.1         5%           30.1             0          30.1            0 –
        purposes
Total                                                601.4       100%          147.1         454.3         424.6        176.8




                                                                                                             2025 INTERIM REPORT             57
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


 USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE JUNE 2025 PLACING
 On June 12, 2025, the placing of 5,918,000 H Shares (with an aggregate nominal value of RMB5,918,000) to not less
 than six placees at the placing price of HK$331.80 per Share was completed. The placing price represents a discount
 of approximately 7.58% to the closing price of HK$359.00 per H Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on June 4,
 2025, being the last trading day prior to the signing of the placing agreement. The placees were individual, professional,
 institutional and/or other investors. The net proceeds from the June 2025 Placing amounted to approximately
 HK$1,943.0 million with the net price of approximately HK$328.31 per H Share. The placing was undertaken to further
 enlarge the Shareholders’ equity base of the Company, advance the research and development capabilities of the
 Company and support the healthy and sustainable development of the Company.


 The Company has utilized, and expects to utilize, the net proceeds from the June 2025 Placing in accordance with the
 intended uses previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated June 5, 2025 and June 12, 2025 (the
 “June 2025 Placing Announcements”). For further details, please refer to the June 2025 Placing Announcements.


 As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has used the net proceeds from the June 2025 Placing as follows:


                                                                                              Net           Net
                                                                                       proceeds      proceeds
                                                                                         utilized    unutilized
                                                                                        as at the     as at the
                                                                        Percentage     end of the    end of the    Expected
                                                       Allocation of    of total net   Reporting     Reporting     time of full
 Intended use of net proceeds                          net proceeds      proceeds         Period        Period     utilization
                                                              RMB                           RMB           RMB
                                                          in million                    in million    in million

 (1)      Research and development, clinical trials,        1,421.9            80%              0       1,421.9    Year 2027
          registration filings, manufacturing and
          commercialization of our products
 (2)      Enhance our internal research and                   266.6            15%              0         266.6    Year 2026
          development technology capabilities,
          strengthen external collaboration, and
          expand our product pipeline portfolio
 (3)      Working capital and general corporate                88.9             5%              0          88.9    Year 2026
          purposes
 Total                                                     1,777.4(1)         100%              0       1,777.4


 Note:


 (1)      Based on the RMB equivalent of net proceeds from the June 2025 Placing.




58     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION




Review report to the board of directors of
Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 60 to 78 which comprises the consolidated statement
of financial position of 四川科倫博泰生物醫藥股份有限公司 (Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd., the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as of June 30, 2025 and the related consolidated statement
of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statement
of changes in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six-month period then ended and
explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require
the preparation of an interim financial report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International
Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The
directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim financial report in accordance with
International Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. A review of the interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible
for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less
in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not
enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial report as at
June 30, 2025 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim
financial reporting.


KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
August 18, 2025



                                                                                                 2025 INTERIM REPORT        59
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
 for the six months ended June 30, 2025 – unaudited
 (Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”))




                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                          Note         2025            2024
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

 Revenue                                                                   3         950,445      1,382,791
 Cost of sales                                                                      (290,457)       (306,101)
 Gross profit                                                                        659,988      1,076,690
 Other net income                                                          4          31,787         94,395
 Administrative expenses                                                             (73,844)        (65,839)
 Selling and distribution expenses                                                  (178,925)        (41,151)
 Research and development expenses                                                  (611,539)       (652,337)
 (Loss)/profit from operations                                                      (172,533)       411,758
 Finance costs                                                            5(a)        (3,022)         (2,507)
 (Loss)/profit before taxation                                             5        (175,555)       409,251
 Income tax                                                                6          30,380         (99,025)
 (Loss)/profit for the period attributable to equity shareholders
     of the Company                                                                 (145,175)       310,226

 (Loss)/earnings per share                                                 7
 Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                               (0.64)           1.41




 The notes on pages 67 to 78 form part of the interim financial report.


60    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
          LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                         for the six months ended June 30, 2025 – unaudited
                                                                                                        (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

(Loss)/profit for the period                                                               (145,175)            310,226
Other comprehensive income for the period (after tax)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
  an overseas subsidiary                                                                      (2,407)              1,337
Other comprehensive income for the period                                                     (2,407)              1,337

Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to
  equity shareholders of the Company                                                       (147,582)            311,563




The notes on pages 67 to 78 form part of the interim financial report.


                                                                                              2025 INTERIM REPORT          61
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
 at June 30, 2025 – unaudited
 (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                       As at          As at
                                                                                   June 30,    December 31,
                                                                           Note        2025           2024
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000

 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                              8       596,456        594,822
 Right-of-use assets                                                        9       144,898        163,283
 Intangible assets                                                                    1,703           2,579
 Other non-current assets                                                            17,169          14,512
                                                                                    760,226        775,196
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                        200,196        110,506
 Trade and other receivables                                                10      459,592        303,728
 Amounts due from related parties                                          16(c)      5,058           2,921
 Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)   14(a)    852,337       1,448,319
 Financial assets measured at fair value through
     other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                                  14(a)     70,757               –
 Financial assets measured at amortized cost                                        488,294        283,979
 Restricted deposits                                                        11       13,634           6,850
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                  11     3,102,792      1,336,503
                                                                                   5,192,660      3,492,806
 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                                   12      457,148        446,832
 Amounts due to related parties                                            16(c)     27,436           8,792
 Contract liabilities                                                               261,808        312,375
 Lease liabilities                                                                   43,960          41,842
                                                                                    790,352        809,841

 Net current assets                                                                4,402,308      2,682,965

 Total assets less current liabilities                                             5,162,534      3,458,161




 The notes on pages 67 to 78 form part of the interim financial report.


62    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                          at June 30, 2025 – unaudited
                                                                                                   (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                           As at              As at
                                                                                       June 30,     December 31,
                                                                             Note          2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                        87,122             84,905
Deferred income                                                                          61,122             64,595
                                                                                        148,244            149,500

NET ASSETS                                                                             5,014,290         3,308,661

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital                                                                  13       233,186            227,268
Reserves                                                                               4,781,104         3,081,393
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                           5,014,290         3,308,661


Approved and authorised for issue by board of directors on August 18, 2025.




Ge Junyou                                                    Zhou Zejian
Executive Director                                           Chief Financial Officer




The notes on pages 67 to 78 form part of the interim financial report.


                                                                                          2025 INTERIM REPORT         63
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
 for the six months ended June 30, 2025 – unaudited
 (Expressed in RMB)




                                                        Share      Capital    Exchange    Accumulated
                                                       capital    reserves     reserves        losses        Total
                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

 Balance at January 1, 2024                           219,196    6,161,075       5,542     (4,056,316)   2,329,497
 Changes in equity for the six months
     ended June 30, 2024
 Profit for the period                                      –             –          –       310,226      310,226
 Exchange differences on translation
     of financial statements of overseas
     subsidiaries                                           –             –      1,337              –       1,337
 Total comprehensive income                                 –             –      1,337       310,226      311,563
 Issuance of new shares                                 3,649     489,066            –              –     492,715
 Equity-settled share-based payment                         –      75,410            –              –      75,410
 Balance at June 30, 2024 and
     July 1, 2024                                     222,845    6,725,551       6,879     (3,746,090)   3,209,185


                                                        Share      Capital    Exchange    Accumulated
                                                       capital    reserves     reserves        losses        Total
                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

 Balance at July 1, 2024                              222,845    6,725,551       6,879     (3,746,090)   3,209,185
 Changes in equity for the six months
     ended December 31, 2024
 Loss for the period                                        –             –          –       (576,992)    (576,992)
 Exchange differences on translation
     of financial statements of overseas
     subsidiaries                                           –             –      2,200              –       2,200
 Total comprehensive income                                 –             –      2,200       (576,992)    (574,792)
 Issuance of new shares                                 4,423     596,970            –              –     601,393
 Equity-settled share-based payment                         –      72,875            –              –      72,875
 Balance at December 31, 2024                         227,268    7,395,396       9,079     (4,323,082)   3,308,661




 The notes on pages 67 to 78 form part of the interim financial report.


64    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                              for the six months ended June 30, 2025 – unaudited
                                                                                                             (Expressed in RMB)




                                                        Share        Capital        Exchange Accumulated
                                         Note          capital      reserves         reserves          losses           Total
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

Balance at January 1, 2025                            227,268      7,395,396             9,079     (4,323,082)      3,308,661
Changes in equity for the six months
  ended June 30, 2025
Loss for the period                                          –                –              –       (145,175)       (145,175)
Exchange differences on translation
  of financial statements of overseas
  subsidiaries                                               –                –         (2,407)              –          (2,407)
Total comprehensive income                                   –                –         (2,407)      (145,175)       (147,582)
Issuance of new shares                   13(a)          5,918      1,771,516                 –               –      1,777,434
Equity-settled share-based payment                           –           75,777              –               –         75,777
Balance at June 30, 2025                              233,186      9,242,689             6,672     (4,468,257)      5,014,290




The notes on pages 67 to 78 form part of the interim financial report.


                                                                                                   2025 INTERIM REPORT            65
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
 CASH FLOWS
 for the six months ended June 30, 2025 – unaudited
 (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                 2025           2024
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

 Operating activities
 Net cash used in operating activities                                       (373,194)        (68,912)
 Investing activities
 Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                     (41,302)       (35,218)
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                             –             16
 Payment for intangible assets                                                     (54)        (2,194)
 Payment for investment in financial assets measured at FVPL                (2,240,000)      (950,000)
 Proceeds from redemption of financial assets measured at FVPL              2,849,010      1,219,427
 Payment for investment in financial assets measured at amortized cost      (1,873,856)      (103,102)
 Proceeds from maturity of financial assets measured at amortized cost      1,674,005         50,801
 Net cash generated from investing activities                                 367,803        179,730
 Financing activities
 Net proceeds from issuance of new shares                                   1,777,434        492,847
 Capital element of lease rentals paid                                          (2,811)       (20,368)
 Interest element of lease rentals paid                                           (243)        (2,454)
 Net cash generated from financing activities                               1,774,380        470,025

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  1,768,989        580,843
 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                                     1,336,503      1,528,774
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        (2,700)       20,679
 Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                                       3,102,792      2,130,296




 The notes on pages 67 to 78 form part of the interim financial report.


66   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                            NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM
                                          FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)



1   BASIS OF PREPARATION
    This interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the
    Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, including compliance
    with International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the International
    Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). It was authorised for issue on August 18, 2025.


    The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in the
    2024 annual financial statements, except for the accounting policy changes that are expected to be reflected in
    the 2025 annual financial statements. Details of any changes in accounting policies are set out in note 2.


    The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with IAS 34 requires management to make judgements,
    estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
    income and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


    This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory
    notes. The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of
    the changes in financial position and performance of the Group since the 2024 annual financial statements. The
    condensed consolidated interim financial statements and notes thereon do not include all of the information
    required for a full set of financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.


    The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong Kong
    Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent
    auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA. KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is
    included on page 59.


2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    The Group has applied the amendments to IAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates – Lack
    of exchangeability issued by the IASB to this interim financial report for the current accounting period. The
    amendments do not have a material impact on this interim report as the Group has not entered into any foreign
    currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into another currency.


    The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
    period.




                                                                                              2025 INTERIM REPORT         67
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




 3          REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING
            (a)     Revenue

                    The principal activities of the Group are the research and development, manufacturing and
                    commercialization of novel drugs in oncology, immunology and other therapeutic areas.


                    Disaggregation of revenue

                    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major service lines is as follows:


                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

                    Revenue from contracts with customers within
                          the scope of IFRS 15
                    Revenue from license and collaboration agreements                             628,015           1,377,978
                    Revenue from provision of research and development service                     12,674              4,813
                    Revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products                                 309,756                  –
                                                                                                  950,445           1,382,791


                    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition is as
                    follows:


                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

                    Disaggregated by timing of revenue recognition
                    Point in time                                                                 603,791            929,313
                    Over time                                                                     346,654            453,478
                                                                                                  950,445           1,382,791


            (b)     Segment reporting

                    (i)       Segment information

                              The Group manages its businesses as a whole by the most senior executive management for
                              the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment. The Group’s chief operating
                              decision maker is the chief executive officer of the Group who reviews the Group’s consolidated
                              results of operations in assessing performance of and making decisions about allocations to this
                              segment.


                              Accordingly, no reportable segment information is presented.




68      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                  NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)
    (b)   Segment reporting (continued)

          (ii)   Geographic information

                 The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue
                 from external customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets,
                 intangible assets and other non-current assets (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical
                 location of customers is based on the location at which the customers are registered. The
                 geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the
                 asset, in the case of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and the location of the
                 operation to which they are allocated, in the case of intangible assets and other non-current assets.


                 Revenue from external customers

                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

                 The PRC (place of domicile)                                              322,430              26,549
                 The USA                                                                  477,604           1,356,242
                 Switzerland                                                              150,411                     –
                                                                                          950,445           1,382,791


                 Non-current assets

                                                                                             As at               As at
                                                                                         June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

                 The PRC                                                                  760,174             775,041
                 The USA                                                                        52                 155
                                                                                          760,226             775,196




                                                                                            2025 INTERIM REPORT           69
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




 4          OTHER NET INCOME
                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

            Interest income from bank deposits                                            8,238         12,509
            Interest income from financial assets measured at amortized cost              4,464          5,155
            Net realized and unrealized gain on financial assets measured at FVPL
               (note 14)                                                                 13,028          7,265
            Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                          (1,636)        19,040
            Government grants                                                            12,555         50,909
            Net losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                         (33)           (46)
            Others                                                                       (4,829)          (437)
                                                                                         31,787         94,395


 5          (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
            (Loss)/profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:


            (a)      Finance costs

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

                     Interest expenses on lease liabilities                               3,022          1,140
                     Interest expenses on bills payable                                       –          1,367
                                                                                          3,022          2,507


            (b)      Other items

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

                     Amortization cost of intangible assets                                 930          1,077
                     Depreciation charge
                       – property, plant and equipment                                   25,448         21,933
                       – right-of-use assets                                             22,752         21,516
                     Research and development expenses                                  611,539        652,337
                     Cost of inventories recognized as an expense:
                       – Cost of sales                                                   22,434         17,270
                       – Research and development expenses                               27,877        109,610




70      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                       NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




6   INCOME TAX
                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

    Current tax
    Provision for the period
          – The PRC Corporate Income Tax                                                             –                   –
          – Withholding Tax                                                                   16,335              99,025
          – Withholding Tax refunded                                                          (46,715)                   –
                                                                                              (30,380)            99,025


    (i)       PRC Corporate Income Tax

              Effective from January 1, 2008, the PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% under the PRC Corporate
              Income Tax Law. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to PRC income tax at 25% unless
              otherwise specified.


              According to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law and its relevant regulations, entities that qualified as
              high-technology enterprise are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. The Company obtained its
              certificate of high-technology enterprise on December 3, 2020 and October 16, 2023 respectively and is
              entitled to preferential income tax of 15% from 2020 to 2026.


    (ii)      Hong Kong Profit Tax

              The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the estimated
              assessable profits for the period. There were no assessable profits generating from the subsidiary
              incorporated in Hong Kong of the Group during the six months ended as at June 30, 2025.


    (iii)     United States Withholding Tax

              Pursuant to US Income Tax laws and regulations and the agreement between the government of the
              People’s Republic of China and the USA for avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal
              evasion with respect to taxes on income (中華人民共和國政府和美利堅合眾國政府關於對所得避免雙
              重徵稅和防止偷漏稅的協定), a 10% US federal withholding tax is charged on royalties paid pursuant to
              license and collaboration agreements entered between the Company and a US company.


              In 2025, Internal Revenue Service refunded USD6,500 thousand (equivalent to RMB46,715 thousand) of
              withholding tax to the Company pursuant to relevant US federal income tax laws and regulations.




                                                                                               2025 INTERIM REPORT           71
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




 7          LOSS/EARNINGS PER SHARE
            (a)     Basic loss/earnings per share

                    The calculation of basic loss/earnings per share is based on the loss/profit for the period attributable to
                    ordinary equity shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                    during the period, calculated as follows.


                    (i)     Loss/profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company used in basic loss/earnings
                            per share calculation:


                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

                            (Loss)/profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity
                               shareholders of the Company for the purpose of basic
                               (loss)/profit per share                                            (145,175)          310,226


                    (ii)    Weighted average number of shares

                                                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                      2025              2024

                            Issued ordinary shares at January 1                               227,267,969       219,195,499
                            Effect of issuance of new shares                                      588,530            902,126
                            Weighted average number of ordinary shares at June 30             227,856,499       220,097,625


            (b)     Diluted loss/earnings per share

                    No adjustment has been made to the basic loss/earnings per share presented for six months ended 30
                    June 2025 and 2024 as the Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during those periods.


 8          PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
            Acquisitions and disposals of owned assets

            During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group acquired items of property, plant and equipment (“PPE”)
            with a cost of RMB27,115,000 (for the six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB16,531,000). Items of PPE with a
            net book value of RMB33,000 (for the six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB93,000) were disposed of during
            the six months ended June 30, 2025, resulting in a net loss on disposal of RMB33,000 (net loss of RMB46,000
            for six months ended June 30, 2024).




72      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                         NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




9    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025, additions to right-of-use assets were RMB4,368,000 (for the six months
     ended June 30, 2024: nil).


10   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                        As at                As at
                                                                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

     Trade receivables                                                                               202,042               57,842
     Other receivables                                                                                  9,525              12,083
     Value Added Tax (“VAT”) recoverable                                                             188,766              171,243
     Prepaid tax                                                                                          112               2,085
     Prepayments                                                                                       59,147              60,475
                                                                                                     459,592              303,728


     (a)        Ageing analysis

                As at the end of each reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables (which are included in
                trade and other receivables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                        As at                As at
                                                                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

                Within 3 months (inclusive)                                                          202,042               57,842


                Trade debtors are due within 60 days from the date of billing.


11   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                        As at                As at
                                                                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

     Cash at bank                                                                                  3,116,426           1,343,353
     Less: restricted bank deposits                                                  (i)              (13,634)              (6,850)
     Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statements of
           financial position                                                                      3,102,792           1,336,503


     (i)        Restricted bank deposits are pledged deposits for issuance of bank acceptance notes with the maturity date within six
                months. The pledged deposits will be released upon the settlement of relevant bills payable.




                                                                                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT            73
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




 12         TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                     As at              As at
                                                                                                 June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

            Trade payables                                                                        297,871            246,687
            Other payables                                                                           9,264             2,539
            Bills payable                                                                          39,453             35,810
            Accrued payroll and benefits                                                          106,313            156,341
            Other taxes payable                                                                      4,247             5,455
                                                                                                  457,148            446,832


            As at the end of each reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables and bills payable (which are included
            in trade and other payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                     As at              As at
                                                                                                 June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

            Within 1 year                                                                         290,479            214,208
            1 to 2 years                                                                           13,074             53,439
            2 to 3 years                                                                           31,177             13,993
            More than 3 years                                                                        2,594               857
                                                                                                  337,324            282,497


 13         CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
            (a)     Capital and reserves

                    On June 12, 2025, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,918,000 new H shares at an offering price
                    of HK$331.8 per share pursuant to a placing agreement entered into by the Company and the placing
                    agents. The net proceeds (after deducting the commissions and expenses) from the placing amounted to
                    approximately HK$1,943.0 million (equivalent to RMB1,777,434 thousand).


                    Accordingly, the Company recorded RMB5,918 thousand in share capital and the remaining
                    RMB1,771,516 thousand in capital reserves.


            (b)     Dividends

                    The directors of the Company did not propose the distribution of any interim dividend during the Reporting
                    Period.




74      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




14   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (a)   Financial assets measured at fair value

           Fair value hierarchy

           The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the
           reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in IFRS
           13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with
           reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:


           •       Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
                   active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.


           •       Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                   meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for
                   which market data are not available.


           •       Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.


           The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at the end of each
           reporting period:


                                                                                                  As at              As at
                                                                                             June 30,       December 31,
                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

           Level 3
           Financial assets measured at FVPL
           Wealth management products issued by banks                                         852,337           1,448,319

           Financial assets measured at FVOCI
           Unlisted investment (note)                                                            70,757                   –


           Note:   During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group subscribed 1,594,897 series A preferred shares in
                   Windward Bio Group AG at a consideration of USD10 million pursuant to the Series A Junior Preferred Shares
                   Delivery Agreement entered into by the Company, Windward Bio AG and a third party. The series A preferred
                   shares are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.



           Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                  Valuation techniques               Significant unobservable inputs

           Investment in wealth management        Discount cash flow method          Interest return rate
               products
           Unlisted investment                    Recent transaction price           Discount for lack of marketability




                                                                                                 2025 INTERIM REPORT          75
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




 14         FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (a)     Financial assets measured at fair value (continued)

                    Fair value hierarchy (continued)

                    During the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level
                    2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair
                    value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


                    The movements during the reporting periods in the balance of these Level 3 financial assets of the Group
                    at fair value through profit or loss are as follows:


                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

                    Financial assets measured at FVOCI
                    At January 1                                                                          –                 –
                    Assets acquired                                                                 70,757                  –
                    At June 30                                                                      70,757                  –

                    Financial assets measured at FVPL
                    At January 1                                                                 1,448,319           633,705
                    Payment for purchases                                                        2,240,000           950,000
                    Changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss during the period            13,028             7,265
                    Redemption                                                                   (2,849,010)      (1,219,427)
                    At June 30                                                                     852,337           371,543


            (b)     Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

                    The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost were not
                    materially different from their fair values as at December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025.


 15         COMMITMENTS
            Capital commitments outstanding at June 30, 2025 not provided for in the interim financial report were as follows:


                                                                                                      As at             As at
                                                                                                  June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

            Contracted for construction in progress                                                  5,397             3,600




76      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
                                                            (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




16   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     (a)   Identify of related parties

           Name of party                                                   Relationship with the Group
           Mr. Liu GeXin (劉革新)                                           Ultimate controlling shareholder
           Kelun Pharmaceutical (四川科倫藥業股份有限公司)                           Immediate holding company
             together with its subsidiaries (“Kelun Group”)
           China Resources Kelun (Sichuan) Medicine Limited              An associate of Mr. Liu Sichuan, a
             (華潤科倫醫藥(四川)有限公司) together with its subsidiaries                Director of the Company
             (“China Resources Kelun Group”) (Previously known as
             “Sichuan Kelun Medicine & Trade Group Co., Ltd.
             (四川科倫醫藥貿易集團有限公司)”)
           Sichuan Kelun Doosan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Kelun Doosan”) A joint venture of Kelun Pharmaceutical
             (四川科倫鬥山生物技術有限公司)
           Beijing Yaoshi Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Yaoshi”)        Company controlled by a Director of the
             (北京藥識科技有限公司)                                                   Company
           Beijing Kuanjian Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Kuanjian”)    Company controlled by the immediate
             (北京寬見科技有限公司)                                                   family member of a Director of the
                                                                            Company


     (b)   Significant related party transactions

                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025           2024
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000
           Trade related:
           Provision of R&D services, related equipment and goods to:
           Kelun Group                                                                     4,069               2,778
           Procurement of R&D services from:
           Kelun Group                                                                     4,847               2,250
           Sale of goods to:
           China Resources Kelun Group                                                     2,060                    –
           Procurement of goods from:
           Kelun Group                                                                     4,182             10,100
           China Resources Kelun Group                                                       204              2,316
                                                                                           4,386             12,416
           Procurement of PPE from:
           Kelun Group                                                                       128               5,522
           China Resources Kelun Group                                                         –                 194
                                                                                             128               5,716
           Receiving other miscellaneous services from:
           Kelun Group                                                                   10,354                7,830
           Beijing Yaoshi                                                                   340                    –
           Beijing Kuanjian                                                                  11                    –
                                                                                         10,705                7,830
           Interest expense on lease liabilities to Kelun Group                            2,779                 960


                                                                                          2025 INTERIM REPORT           77
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB, unless otherwise indicated)




 16         MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (c)     Balance with related parties

                                                                      As at          As at
                                                                   June 30,   December 31,
                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

                    Amounts due from:
                       – Trade Related:
                       Kelun Group                                    3,556          2,193
                       Kelun Doosan                                       –           157
                       China Resources Kelun Group                    1,502           571
                                                                      5,058          2,921

                    Amounts due to:
                       – Trade Related:
                       Kelun Group                                   27,270          8,625
                       Kelun Doosan                                    166            114
                       China Resources Kelun Group                        –            53
                                                                     27,436          8,792

                    Lease liabilities due to:
                       Kelun Group                                  121,147       118,369




78      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                         DEFINITIONS

“ADC(s)”                          antibody drug conjugate(s)


“ADCC”                            antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity


“AIDD”                            AI-driven drug design


“Articles of Association”         the articles of association of the Company


“ASCO”                            American Society of Clinical Oncology


“associate(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board


“BC”                              breast cancer


“BICR”                            blinded independent central review


“Board of Directors” or “Board”   the board of Directors


“bsAb(s)”                         bispecific antibodies


“bsADC”                           bispecific ADC(s)


“CBCS”                            China Anti-Cancer Association Committee of Breast Cancer Society


“CC”                              cervical cancer


“CDE”                             Center for Drug Evaluation


“CG Code”                         the “Corporate Governance Code” as contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“cGMP”                            current good manufacturing practice


“China” or “PRC”                  the People’s Republic of China, which for the purpose of this Interim Report and for
                                  geographical reference only, excludes Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan


“CLDN18.2”                        claudin 18.2, a member of the Claudin protein family


“CMC”                             chemistry, manufacturing and controls, also commonly referred to as process
                                  development, which covers the various procedures used to assess the physical
                                  and chemical characteristics of drug products, and to ensure their quality and
                                  consistency during manufacturing




                                                                                             2025 INTERIM REPORT         79
 DEFINITIONS



 “Company”, “our Company”,         Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (四川科倫博泰生物醫藥股份
     “the Company”, “we” or “us”   有限公司), a joint stock company established in the PRC with limited liability on
                                   November 22, 2016 and the H Shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange
                                   (stock code: 6990) and which includes its subsidiaries (from time to time) where the
                                   context so requires


 “Controlling Shareholders”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                                   otherwise requires, refers to Kelun Pharmaceutical, Kelun International (科倫國際發
                                   展有限公司), the Employee Incentive Platforms and Mr. LIU Gexin


 “COPD”                            chronic obstructive pulmonary disease


 “Core Products”                   has the meaning ascribed thereto in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules; for the
                                   purpose of this report, our Core Products refer to sac-TMT and A166


 “CPS”                             combined positive score


 “CRC”                             colorectal cancer


 “CRO”                             contract research organization


 “CRPC”                            castration-resistant prostate cancer


 “CSCO”                            Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology


 “CSOBO”                           Chinese Medical Association Chinese Society of Oncology – Breast Oncology


 “DAC(s)”                          degrader-antibody conjugate(s)


 “DAR”                             drug-to-antibody ratio, the average number of drugs conjugated to the antibodies


 “DC(s)”                           drug conjugate(s)


 “DCR”                             disease control rate, the total proportion of patients who demonstrate a response to
                                   treatment, equal to the sum of complete responses (CR), partial responses (PR) and
                                   stable disease (SD)


 “Director(s)”                     the director(s) of the Company


 “Domestic Share(s)”               ordinary shares in the share capital of our Company, with a nominal value of
                                   RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and paid up in RMB


 “DoR”                             duration of response




80    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   DEFINITIONS



“EC”                             endometrial carcinoma


“EGFR”                           epidermal growth factor receptor


“Ellipses Pharma”                Ellipses Pharma Limited


“Employee Incentive Platforms”   Kelun Huicai, Kelun Huide, Kelun Huineng and Kelun Huizhi


“ESMO”                           European Society for Medical Oncology


“ET”                             endocrine therapy


“FAS”                            full analysis set


“FDA”                            the United States Food and Drug Administration


“FIC”                            first-in-class


“first/second/third-line” or     the first/second/third line treatment
  “1/2/3L”


“Frost & Sullivan”               Frost & Sullivan (Beijing) Inc., Shanghai Branch Co., an independent market,
                                 research and consulting company


“FXI/FXIa”                       factor XI, a type of blood protein playing a role in aiding the blood to clot. Factor XIa,
                                 one of the enzymes of the coagulation cascade. FXI is the zymogen form of FXIa


“GC”                             gastric cancer


“GEA”                            gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma


“GEJC”                           gastroesophageal junction cancer


“GI”                             gastrointestinal


“Global Offering”                the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering (each as defined in the
                                 Prospectus)


“GMP”                            the Good Manufacturing Practice of Medical Devices (《醫療器械生產質量管理規
                                 範》)


“GP”                             gemcitabine and cisplatin


“Greater China”                  the PRC, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan




                                                                                              2025 INTERIM REPORT         81
 DEFINITIONS



 “Group”, “our Group” or          the Company and its subsidiaries
     “the Group”


 “GU”                             genitourinary


 “H Share(s)”                     overseas listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company with
                                  nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the Stock Exchange


 “H Share Registrar”              Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited


 “Harbour BioMed”                 Harbour BioMed Therapeutics Limited, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of HBM
                                  Holdings Limited (和鉑醫藥控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange
                                  (stock code: 02142)


 “HER2”                           human epidermal growth factor receptor 2


 “HK$” or “HKD”                   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


 “HNSCC”                          head and neck squamous cell carcinoma


 “Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


 “HR”                             hormone receptor


 “iADC(s)”                        immunostimulatory ADC(s)


 “IFRS”                           International Financial Reporting Standards


 “IND”                            investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also known as
                                  clinical trial application in China or the U.S.


 “INV”                            investigator


 “Interim Results Announcement”   the interim results announcement for the six months ended June 30, 2025 of the
                                  Company dated August 18, 2025


 “JAK1/2”                         Janus kinase 1 or Janus kinase 2


 “June 2025 Placing”              the placing of 5,918,000 new H Shares by the June 2025 Placing Agents on the
                                  terms and subject to the conditions of the placing agreement entered into between
                                  the Company and the June 2025 Placing Agents on June 5, 2025




82    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                           DEFINITIONS



“June 2025 Placing Agents”   Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. and Citigroup Global Markets Limited


“Kelun Group”                Kelun Pharmaceutical and all of its subsidiaries


“Kelun Huicai”               Chengdu Kelun Huicai Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership (成都
                             科倫匯才企業管理中心(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                             August 26, 2016, of which Kelun Jingchuan is the sole general partner, one of our
                             Employee Incentive Platforms


“Kelun Huide”                Chengdu Kelun Huide Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership (成都科
                             倫匯德企業管理中心(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                             August 26, 2016, of which Kelun Jingchuan is the sole general partner, one of our
                             Employee Incentive Platforms


“Kelun Huineng”              Chengdu Kelun Huineng Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership (成都
                             科倫匯能企業管理中心(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                             August 26, 2016, of which Kelun Jingchuan is the sole general partner, one of our
                             Employee Incentive Platforms


“Kelun Huizhi”               Chengdu Kelun Huizhi Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership (成都科
                             倫匯智企業管理中心(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                             August 26, 2016, of which Kelun Jingchuan is the sole general partner, one of our
                             Employee Incentive Platforms


“Kelun International”        Kelun International Development Co., Limited (科倫國際發展有限公司), a wholly-
                             owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical incorporated in Hong Kong, one of our
                             Controlling Shareholders upon Listing


“Kelun Jingchuan”            Chengdu Kelun Jingchuan Technology Co., Ltd. (成都科倫晶川科技有限公司), a
                             limited liability company established under the laws of PRC on August 17, 2016 and is
                             a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical


“Kelun Pharmaceutical”       Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (四川科倫藥業股份有限公司), a company
                             listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002422), one of our Controlling
                             Shareholders


“Kelun Research Institute”   Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Research Institute Co., Ltd. (四川科倫藥物研究院有
                             限公司), a limited liability company established under the laws of PRC on October
                             16, 1998 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical


“KLUS PHARMA”                KLUS PHARMA INC., a corporation with limited liability incorporated in the State of
                             New Jersey, the United States on October 31, 2014 and a wholly-owned subsidiary
                             of our Company




                                                                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT       83
 DEFINITIONS



 “KOR”                          kappa-opioid receptor, one major type of opioid receptor, which are ubiquitously
                                distributed in the central and peripheral nervous system, with a major role in the
                                induction, transmission and perception of sensations such as pain and itch


 “LC”                           lung cancer


 “Listing”                      the listing of our H Shares on the Stock Exchange on July 11, 2023


 “Listing Date”                 July 11, 2023


 “Listing Rules”                the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


 “mAb(s)”                       monoclonal antibody(ies)


 “Macau”                        the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC


 “Main Board”                   the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange,
                                which is independent from and operated in parallel with Growth Enterprise Market of
                                the Stock Exchange


 “May 2024 Placing”             the placing of 3,648,600 new H Shares by the May 2024 Placing Agents on the
                                terms and subject to the conditions of the placing agreement entered into between
                                the Company and the May 2024 Placing Agents on May 8, 2024


 “May 2024 Placing Agents”      Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Citigroup Global Markets Limited and J.P. Morgan
                                Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited


 “mCRC”                         metastatic colorectal cancer


 “MKI”                          multikinase inhibitor


 “Model Code”                   the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers” set out
                                in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


 “MSD”                          Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC together with its affiliates


 “MTC”                          medullary thyroid cancer


 “NDA”                          new drug application


 “NMPA”                         the National Medical Products Administration (國家藥品監督管理局) and its
                                predecessor, the China Food and Drug Administration (國家食品藥品監督管理總局)




84   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                               DEFINITIONS



“NPC”                         nasopharyngeal cancer


“NR”                          not reached


“NSCLC”                       non-small cell lung cancer


“OC”                          ovarian cancer


“ORR”                         objective response rate, the proportion of patients with a complete response or
                              partial response to treatment


“OS”                          overall survival, the length of time from either the date of diagnosis or the start of
                              treatment for a disease that patients diagnosed with the disease are still alive, used
                              in clinical trials as a measurement of a drug’s effectiveness


“Over-allotment Option”       the over-allotment option which had been granted by the Company to the relevant
                              underwriters to allot and issue up to an aggregate of 3,366,900 additional H Shares,
                              representing 15% of the offer shares initially available under the Global Offering


“pCR”                         pathological complete response


“PD-1”                        programmed cell death protein 1


“PD-L1”                       PD-1 ligand 1


“PD-(L)1”                     PD-1 or PD-L1


“PFS”                         progression-free survival, the length of time during and after the treatment that a
                              patient lives without the disease getting worse


“PRC Company Law”             the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國公司法)


“Pre-IPO Employee Incentive   the pre-IPO employee incentive scheme of the Company approved and adopted by
  Scheme”                     the Board in 2016, as amended from time to time


“Prospectus”                  the prospectus issued by the Company dated June 29, 2023


“PROTAC”                      proteolysis targeting chimera, a heterobifunctional small molecule composed of two
                              active domains and a linker, capable of removing specific unwanted proteins


“RAS”                         rat sarcoma virus


“RDC(s)”                      radionuclide drug conjugate(s)


“Reporting Period”            the six months ended June 30, 2025



                                                                                          2025 INTERIM REPORT          85
 DEFINITIONS



 “RET”                          rearranged during transfection, a proto-oncogene, i.e., a gene that promotes cancer
                                formation when altered by mutations or rearrangements. RET alterations have been
                                reported to be a major oncogenic driver in about 2% of all cancers, most notably in
                                NSCLC and MTC


 “RMB”                          Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


 “RPSFT”                        rank-preserving structural failure time


 “SFO”                          the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (as
                                amended from time to time)


 “Share(s)”                     ordinary shares in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of
                                RMB1.00 each


 “Shareholder(s)”               holder(s) of the Shares


 “Sichuan Konas”                Sichuan Konas Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (四川科納斯製藥有限公司), a limited
                                liability company established in the PRC on September 30, 2016 and a wholly-
                                owned subsidiary of our Company


 “STING”                        stimulator of interferon genes


 “Stock Exchange”               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


 “Subscription”                 the subscription of 4,423,870 new Domestic Shares by Kelun Pharmaceutical (as
                                subscriber) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the subscription agreement
                                entered into between the Company and Kelun Pharmaceutical on May 8, 2024


 “subsidiary(ies)”              has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


 “substantial shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


 “Supervisor(s)”                member(s) of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, which was abolished on
                                June 20, 2025


 “Supervisory Committee”        the supervisory committee of the Company, which was abolished on June 20, 2025


 “TAA”                          tumor-associated antigen, an antigen with elevated level on tumor cells and lower
                                levels on normal cells




86   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                                      DEFINITIONS



“TAA-IO bsAbs”                      tumor-associated-immuno-oncology bispecific antibodies, a type of bispecific
                                    antibodies with dual targeting ability against a certain tumor-associated antigen on
                                    tumor cells and a certain immune-oncology antigen involved in antitumor immune
                                    response, such as an immune checkpoint protein


“TKI”                               tyrosine kinase inhibitor


“TNBC”                              triple-negative breast cancer


“TPC”                               treatment of physician’s choice


“TROP2”                             human trophoblast cell-surface antigen 2, which is a transmembrane protein
                                    frequently over-expressed in many types of solid tumors


“TSLP”                              thymic stromal lymphopoietin


“UC”                                urothelial cancer


“Unlisted Foreign Share(s)”         unlisted ordinary Share(s) issued by the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                    each, which are subscribed for in a currency other than RMB


“Unlisted Share(s)”                 Domestic Share(s) and/or Unlisted Foreign Share(s)


“US” or “U.S.” or “United States”   the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to
                                    its jurisdiction


“US$” or “USD”                      United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


“Windward Bio”                      Windward Bio AG


“%”                                 per cent




                                                                                               2025 INTERIM REPORT         87
