四川科倫博泰生物醫藥股份有限公司
Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

( 於中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公司 ）
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock Code 股份代號 ：6990




                                                                                                2024
                                                                                         Annual Report
                                                                                                  年報
      CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Chairman’s Statement

6     Management Discussion and Analysis

41    Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

52    Report of the Directors

85    Report of the Supervisors

88    Corporate Governance Report

108   Environmental, Social and Governance Report

173   Independent Auditor’s Report

178   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

179   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

180   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

182   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

184   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

185   Notes to the Financial Statements

241   Financial Summary

242   Definitions
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                  AUDIT COMMITTEE

Chairman of the Board and                           Dr. LI Yuedong ( 李 越 冬 ) (Chairperson)
Non-executive Director                              Dr. TU Wenwei ( 涂 文 偉 )
                                                    Dr. JIN Jinping ( 金 錦 萍 )
Mr. LIU Gexin ( 劉 革 新 )

                                                    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Executive Director
                                                    Dr. ZHENG Qiang ( 鄭 強 ) (Chairperson)
Dr. GE Junyou ( 葛 均 友 )
                                                    Mr. LIU Sichuan ( 劉 思 川 )
                                                    Dr. JIN Jinping ( 金 錦 萍 )
Non-executive Directors

Mr. LIU Sichuan ( 劉 思 川 )                           NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Mr. LAI Degui ( 賴 德 貴 )
                                                    Mr. LIU Gexin ( 劉 革 新 ) (Chairperson)
Mr. FENG Hao ( 馮 昊 )
                                                    Dr. ZHENG Qiang ( 鄭 強 )
Mr. ZENG Xuebo ( 曾 學 波 )
                                                    Dr. TU Wenwei ( 涂 文 偉 )
Mr. LI Dongfang ( 李 東 方 )

                                                    AUDITORS
Independent Non-executive
Directors                                           KPMG
                                                    Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
Dr. ZHENG Qiang ( 鄭 強 )
                                                      with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council
Dr. TU Wenwei ( 涂 文 偉 )
                                                      Ordinance
Dr. JIN Jinping ( 金 錦 萍 )
                                                    8/F, Prince’s Building
Dr. LI Yuedong ( 李 越 冬 )
                                                    10 Chater Road
                                                    Central
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                           Hong Kong
Mr. ZHOU Zejian ( 周 澤 劍 )
Mr. CHUNG Ming Fai ( 鍾 明 輝 )                        REGISTERED OFFICE, HEADQUARTERS
                                                    AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                          IN THE PRC

Dr. GE Junyou ( 葛 均 友 )                             No. 666 Xinhua Avenue
Mr. CHUNG Ming Fai ( 鍾 明 輝 )                        Chengdu Cross-Strait Science and
                                                    Technology Industry Development Park
SUPERVISORS                                         Wenjiang District, Chengdu
                                                    Sichuan Province, PRC
Ms. LIAO Yihong ( 廖 益 虹 )
Dr. SONG Hongmei ( 宋 宏 梅 )
Ms. YANG Qiuyan ( 楊 秋 艷 )
Dr. QING Yan ( 卿 燕 )




2      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN          COMPLIANCE ADVISER
HONG KONG
                                        First Shanghai Capital Limited
40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
No. 248 Queen’s Road East               HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
Wanchai
                                        Sullivan & Cromwell (Hong Kong) LLP
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKS                         H SHARE REGISTRAR

                                        Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
                                        Services Limited
Chengdu Wenjiang Sub Branch
                                        Shops 1712-1716
                                        17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
China CITIC Bank Corporation Ltd.
                                        183 Queen’s Road East
Chengdu Shuhan Sub Branch
                                        Wanchai
                                        Hong Kong
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Chengdu Wenjiang Sub Branch
                                        STOCK CODE

                                        H Share: 06990


                                        COMPANY’S WEBSITE

                                        https://kelun-biotech.com




                                                                         Annual Report 2024   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Dear Shareholders:


I hereby represent the Board of Directors of the Company to thank you for your long-standing trust and support in
Kelun-Biotech.


2024 was a year for the Company to build on its strengths and reach new heights. We have adhered to an
“innovation-driven development” strategy, actively explored new avenues for cutting-edge technologies and
the treatment of major diseases; continuously mined and rapidly validated the clinical value of core products,
achieving multiple breakthroughs. As of now, the Company has three products: sacituzumab tirumotecan
(sac-TMT) (also known as SKB264/MK-2870) ( 佳 泰 萊 ®), tagitanlimab (also known as A167) ( 科 泰 萊 ®), and
cetuximab N01 (also known as A140) ( 達 泰 萊 ®), which have been approved by the NMPA for five indications.
Among them, sac-TMT ( 佳 泰 萊 ®) is the first domestically produced ADC with full approval for marketing and
global intellectual property rights in China, as well as the first TROP2 ADC approved for marketing in lung cancer
indications globally; tangitanlimab ( 科 泰 萊 ®) is the first PD-L1 monoclonal antibody approved for marketing for
first-line treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma worldwide. Furthermore, the Company has submitted NDAs for
2 products targeting 3 indications, 7 ADCs and new DC projects have been approved for clinical trials, and nearly
20 innovative projects are in clinical stages.




4      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                           CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


The Company has established three in-house developed technology platforms with proprietary know-how
in ADCs, biologics (mAbs and bsAbs) and small molecule drugs to support our drug R&D. In addition, while
leveraging the advantages of our existing technology platforms to accelerate the R&D of ADC drugs, we are also
fully advancing the layout of new DC assets, including RDC, continuously expanding new directions for drug
conjugation technologies, so as to solidify the foundation for the sustained value enhancement of our innovative
pipelines.

Furthermore, we have fully completed the construction of the commercialization system, established a
commercialization team with fully-fledged talents to fully implement the marketing of the Company’s strategic
products. While we are meticulously planning and formulating innovative product promotion strategies, we are
also actively expanding and enhancing the market influence and brand reputation of our Company and products,
with a view to achieving high level commercialization of the Company. The Company will continue to refine its
commercialization strategies for drug candidates, prioritizing therapeutic areas with medical needs in China, such
as breast cancer, lung cancer and gastrointestinal cancers, and provide synergistic treatment options through a
diversified pipeline to optimize the treatment outcomes of patients.

Globally, we continue to accelerate our integration into the global drug innovation field through international
cooperation and complementary advantages, and share the benefits of the development of the global
pharmaceutical market. In 2024, the Company has been continuously deepening its strategic partnership with
MSD. As of now, MSD has initiated 12 ongoing global Phase 3 clinical studies of sac-TMT as monotherapy or
in combination with pembrolizumab or other drugs for various types of cancer. In addition to sac-TMT, both
parties are collaborating on multiple ADC assets to continuously explore the optimal ADC pipeline combination.
At the same time, the Company is actively expanding new overseas partnerships and has entered into a licensing
collaboration with Windward Bio for the TSLP monoclonal antibody SKB378/WIN9378 project under the NewCo
model for the first time, further broadening and enriching the scope and model of the Company’s international
business collaborations.

In 2024, Kelun-Biotech fully promoted capital operations, achieving significant results. In March 2024, the
Company was included in the Hang Seng Index and Hong Kong Stock Connect; in May and December, we
completed the H Share placement and domestic share placement. By leveraging a rich array of capital operation
strategies, the Company has strengthened its cash reserves, continuously optimized the investor structure,
consolidated its core competitive advantages, and propelled its market value to new heights.

“As heaven’s movement is ever vigorous, so must a gentleman ceaselessly strive along”. 2025 is a year for
Kelun-Biotech to continue deepening its development. We will continue to improve our “end-to-end” drug
development capabilities, production capabilities and commercialization systems construction, forming an
industrial chain that covers the entire cycle of innovative drug development. At the same time, we will further
actively promote the Company’s global strategic cooperation to maximize the global value of our pipeline,
so as to build Kelun-Biotech into an innovative biopharmaceutical company with international influence and
competitiveness.

                                                        Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                                                             LIU Gexin
                                                          Chairman of the Board and Non-executive Director




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                     2024                   2023                      Flux
                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000                        %
Revenue                                                          1,933,045              1,540,493                  25.5%
Gross profit                                                     1,273,657                759,185                  67.8%
Research and development expenses                               (1,206,134)            (1,030,966)                 17.0%
Loss for the year                                                 (266,766)              (574,134)                -53.5%
Adjusted loss for the year1                                       (118,481)              (450,788)                -73.7%


                                                                  As at                    As at
                                                            December 31,            December 31,                      Flux
                                                                   2024                    2023                         %
Cash and financial assets2                                       3,075,651              2,528,342                  21.6%
Total equity                                                     3,308,661              2,329,497                  42.0%


BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Since the beginning of 2024, we have made encouraging progress in our business:


•   Key developments of our ADC and novel DC assets:

    o    We have 11 ADC and novel DC assets at clinical stage or above, including sac-TMT ( 佳 泰 萊 ®) which has
         received marketing authorization for two indications, and trastuzumab botidotin ( 舒 泰 萊 ®3) which has
         reached NDA stage for HER2+ BC.


    o    Sac-TMT has received the following marketing authorizations in China from the NMPA, and we have
         commenced their commercialization:


             Sac-TMT in adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC who have received
             at least two prior systemic therapies (at least one of them for advanced or metastatic setting).


             Sac-TMT in treatment of adult patients with EGFR mutant-positive locally advanced or metastatic
             non-squamous NSCLC following progression on EGFR-TKI therapy and platinum-based
             chemotherapy. This is the first TROP2 ADC drug approved for marketing in LC globally.




1
    Calculated by deducting equity-settled share-based payment from loss for the year. The equity-settled share-based
    payment was RMB148,285,000 and RMB123,346,000 for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
2
    Comprises cash and cash equivalents, restricted deposits, financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss,
    and financial assets measured at amortized cost.
3
    Trade name to be approved by NMPA.


6       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


o   Our Core Product sac-TMT (sacituzumab tirumotecan, TROP2 ADC) (also known as SKB264/MK-2870) (佳
    泰 萊 ®):


        TNBC. In November 2024, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA for sac-TMT
        in adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC who have received at least
        two prior systemic therapies (at least one of them for advanced or metastatic setting). Sac-TMT
        is the first domestically developed ADC with global intellectual property rights to receive complete
        marketing authorization in China.


        Our results from the Phase 3 study of sac-TMT in patients with previously treated locally recurrent or
        metastatic TNBC were presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in May 2024. Sac-TMT demonstrated
        a significant statistically and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS and OS. The median PFS, as
        assessed by BICR, was 6.7 months (95% CI: 5.5, 8.0) with sac-TMT and 2.5 months (95% CI: 1.7,
        2.7) with chemotherapy, and HR was 0.32 (95% CI: 0.24, 0.44, p<0.00001), and the risk of disease
        progression or death was reduced by 68%. The median OS was not reached with sac-TMT (95% CI:
        11.2, NE) and 9.4 months with chemotherapy (95% CI: 8.5, 11.7), HR was 0.53 (95% CI: 0.36, 0.78,
        p=0.0005), and the risk of death was reduced by 47%. ORR was 45.4% with sac-TMT compared to
        12% with chemotherapy. The subset of patients with high TROP2 expression (H-score > 200) had a
        higher median PFS (8.3 months) and ORR (52.1%) with sac-TMT.


        In March 2024, sac-TMT was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the NMPA for the
        first-line treatment of unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic PD-L1 negative TNBC.
        We have initiated a Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT monotherapy versus investigator-choice
        chemotherapy for 1L advanced TNBC.


o   HR+/HER2– BC. A Phase 3 registrational study for 2L+ HR+/HER2– locally advanced or metastatic BC
    is in progress.


    In June 2023, sac-TMT was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the NMPA for the treatment
    of patients with locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2– BC who have previously received at least 2L
    systemic chemotherapy.


o   EGFR-mutant NSCLC. In March 2025, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA
    for sac-TMT for the treatment of adult patients with EGFR mutant-positive locally advanced or metastatic
    non-squamous NSCLC following progression on EGFR-TKI therapy and platinum-based chemotherapy.
    Sac-TMT monotherapy demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in
    ORR, PFS and OS compared with docetaxel.


    In October 2024, the NDA for sac-TMT for the treatment of adult patients with EGFR-mutant locally
    advanced or metastatic NSCLC who progressed after treatment with EGFR-TKI therapy was accepted by
    the NMPA, and was included in the priority review and approval process. In January 2023, sac-TMT was
    granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the NMPA for EGFR-mutant locally advanced or metastatic
    NSCLC following treatment with an EGFR-TKI.


    In addition, a Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT combined with osimertinib as first-line treatment of
    locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous EGFR-mutant NSCLC is in progress.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    o    EGFR-wild type NSCLC. Two Phase 3 registrational studies of sac-TMT, namely (i) sac-TMT in
         combination with pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA ®4 ) versus pembrolizumab for first-line treatment of
         patients with PD-L1 positive locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, and (ii) sac-TMT in combination with
         pembrolizumab versus chemotherapy combined with pembrolizumab as first-line treatment for patients
         with PD-L1 negative locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC are in progress.


    o    Other indications. We are actively exploring the potential of sac-TMT both as a monotherapy and in
         combination with other therapies for treating other solid tumors, including GC, EC, CC, OC, UC, CRPC
         and HNSCC.


    o    Global clinical development. In May 2022, we licensed to MSD the exclusive rights to develop, use,
         manufacture and commercialize sac-TMT in all territories outside of Greater China (which includes
         Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan). As of the date of the Annual Results Announcement,
         MSD is progressing 12 ongoing Phase 3 global, multi-center clinical studies for sac-TMT for several types
         of cancer including BC, LC, gynecological cancer and GI cancer. We are also collaborating with MSD on
         several global Phase 2 basket studies for sac-TMT as monotherapy or in combination with other agents
         for multiple solid tumors and those studies are ongoing.


    o    Clinical data readout. We presented clinical data on studies of sac-TMT at various academic
         conferences, such as:


             2024 ASCO Annual Meeting.


             •   Results from the Phase 3 OptiTROP-Breast01 study of sac-TMT in patients with previously
                 treated locally recurrent or metastatic TNBC;


             •   Results from the Phase 2 OptiTROP-Lung01 study of sac-TMT in combination with A167 (an
                 anti-PD-L1 mAb) as first-line treatment for patients with advanced NSCLC;


             2024 ESMO Congress.


             •   Efficacy and safety of sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab in patients with recurrent or metastatic CC;


             •   Safety and efficacy of sac-TMT monotherapy in patients with previously treated advanced EC and
                 OC from a Phase 2 study;


             •   E x p l o r a t o r y a n a l y s i s o f p a t i e n t s w i t h o r w i t h o u t p r i o r P D - ( L )1 i n h i b i t o r s i n P h a s e 3
                 OptiTROP-Breast01 study of sac-TMT versus chemotherapy for previously treated advanced
                 TNBC;


             2024 AACR Annual Meeting.


             •   Updated efficacy and safety results for sac-TMT in patients with previously treated advanced
                 NSCLC from a Phase 2 study;



4
    Pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA®) is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.,
    Rahway, NJ, USA.


8       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            •     Preliminary efficacy and safety results for sac-TMT in patients with previously treated advanced
                  gastric or GEJ cancer from a Phase 2 study; and


            2025 ASCO GU Cancers Symposium.


            •     Efficacy and safety results from the Phase 1/2 KL264-01/MK-2870-001 study (NCT04152499)
                  of sac-TMT monotherapy in patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic UC who
                  progressed on or after prior anti-cancer therapies.


    o   Our Core Product trastuzumab botidotin (HER2 ADC, formerly A166) ( 舒 泰 萊 ®5):


            In January 2025, an NDA for the treatment of adult patients with HER2+ unresectable or metastatic
            BC who have received at least one prior anti-HER2 therapy was accepted by the CDE of the NMPA.
            At a pre-specified interim analysis, trastuzumab botidotin monotherapy demonstrated a statistically
            significant and clinically meaningful improvement in the primary endpoint of PFS as assessed by the
            BICR compared with T-DM1.


            Trastuzumab botidotin has met the primary endpoints of its pivotal Phase 2 trial for 3L+ advanced
            HER2+ BC based on results from the primary analysis, which we used to submit an NDA to the
            NMPA.


            We have also initiated an open, multicenter Phase 2 clinical study of trastuzumab botidotin in the
            treatment of HER2+ unresectable or metastatic BC that previously received a topoisomerase inhibitor
            ADC.


    o   Others:


            SKB315 (CLDN18.2 ADC). SKB315 is configured with a proprietary, in-house developed humanized
            CLDN18.2 mAb and a differentiated payload-linker design. The early-stage clinical data of SKB315
            demonstrates promising efficacy and acceptable safety profile in GC with mid and high CLDN18.2
            expression. We are conducting a Phase 1b clinical trial of SKB315.


            SKB410/MK-3120 (Nectin-4 ADC). SKB410 is a novel Nectin-4 ADC targeting advanced solid
            tumors and utilizing a differentiated payload-linker strategy. SKB410 has shown promising Phase 1
            clinical data. MSD, as the sponsor, has launched the global Phase 1/2 clinical trial of SKB410.


            SKB571/MK-2750. SKB571 is a novel bsADC that primarily targets various solid tumors such as
            LC and CRC etc. being developed in collaboration with MSD. The Phase 1 clinical trial in China is
            ongoing.


            SKB518, SKB535/MK-6204 and SKB445. SKB518, SKB535 and SKB445 are novel ADC drugs
            with potential FIC targets. The Phase 1 clinical trials for each of them are ongoing in China. The
            Company has entered into a license and collaboration agreement with MSD to develop SKB535. It
            was announced on the official website of the NMPA that SKB535 is the first pilot project approved by
            the NMPA through the optimized clinical trial review scheme for innovative drugs, and the review and
            approval time is 21 days.


5
    Trade name to be approved by NMPA.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024     9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


              SKB500 and SKB501. SKB500 and SKB501 are novel ADC drugs with verified targets but
              differentiated payload-linker strategies. In November and December 2024, we received a clinical trial
              notice approving the IND application of SKB501 and SKB500, respectively, for advanced solid tumors
              from the NMPA.


              SKB107. SKB107 is a RDC drug jointly developed by us and the Affiliated Hospital of Southwest
              Medical University ( 西 南 醫 科 大 學 附 屬 醫 院 ) targeting tumor bone metastasis. In January 2025, an
              IND application for SKB107 was accepted by the NMPA.


•    Key developments of our non-DC assets:

     o    We have received the following marketing authorizations in China from the NMPA for tagitanlimab and
          Cetuximab N01:


              Tagitanlimab ( 科 泰 萊 ®). (1) Tagitanlimab for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC
              who have failed after prior 2L+ chemotherapy, and (2) tagitanlimab used in combination with cisplatin and
              gemcitabine for the first-line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC; and


              Cetuximab N01 ( 達 泰 萊 ®). Cetuximab N01 Injection used in combination with FOLFOX or FOLFIRI
              regimens for first-line treatment of RAS wild-type mCRC.


     o    Tagitanlimab (PD-L1 mAb, also known as A167) ( 科 泰 萊 ®). In December 2024, we received marketing
          authorization of tagitanlimab in China from NMPA for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic
          NPC who have failed after prior 2L+ chemotherapy. In January 2025, we received marketing authorization
          of tagitanlimab used in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the first-line treatment of patients with
          recurrent or metastatic NPC in China from NMPA. Tagitanlimab is the first PD-L1 mAb globally to receive
          authorization for the first-line treatment of NPC.


          1L NPC

          Based on a randomized, double-blinded, placebo controlled, multi-center, phase 3 clinical study
          which evaluates the efficacy and safety results of tagitanlimab in combination with cisplatin and
          gemcitabine versus placebo in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the treatment of recurrent
          or metastatic NPC, tagitanlimab used in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the first-line
          treatment of recurrent or metastatic NPC has better PFS, higher ORR and extended DoR compared
          with chemotherapy, and has benefitted all patients regardless of PD-L1 expression. The median PFS
          for tagitanlimab in combination with chemotherapy is not reached compared to 7.9 months for placebo
          in combination with chemotherapy (HR=0.47, 95% CI: 0.33-0.66, p<0.0001), and the risk of disease
          progression and death is reduced by 53%; ORR is 81.7% vs 74.5%; median DoR is 11.7 vs 5.8 months
          (HR=0.48, 95% CI: 0.32-0.70), which is nearly double compared to the placebo arm; currently the
          median OS is still not mature, however, the beneficial trend for OS of tagitanlimab in combination with
          chemotherapy has already been observed (HR=0.62, 95% CI: 0.32-1.22), and its risk of death is reduced
          by 38%.




10       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        3L+ NPC

        Based on an open-label, multi-center, phase 2 clinical study in patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC
        who have failed after prior 2L+ systematic therapies, as of the data cutoff date, the median follow-up
        time was 21.7 months, 132 patients entered full analysis set (FAS) totally, the independent review
        committee (IRC)-assessed ORR was 26.5%, the DoR was 12.4 months and the median OS was 16.2
        months. Meanwhile, tagitanlimab showed a manageable safety profile, where the incidence of grade 3
        immune-related adverse events (irAEs) was 3.9% and no grade 3 above irAE was observed. These study
        results have been published in The Lancet Regional Health – Western Pacific, a journal by The Lancet.


    o   Cetuximab N01 (EGFR mAb, formerly A140) ( 达 泰 萊 ®). In February 2025, we received marketing
        authorization in China from the NMPA for Cetuximab N01 Injection used in combination with FOLFOX
        or FOLFIRI regimens for first-line treatment of RAS wild-type mCRC. As demonstrated by a large-scale
        domestic phase 3 clinical study conducting a head-to-head comparison of Cetuximab N01 Injection
        with Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux ®), the Cetuximab N01 combination chemotherapy was
        clinical equivalent in ORR (Cetuximab N01 vs. Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux ®): 71.0% vs.
        77.5%; ORR ratio is 0.93 [95% CI: 0.87, 0.99]), and Cetuximab N01 did not demonstrate any clinically
        meaningful or statistically significant differences in DoR and PFS compared with Cetuximab Solution for
        Injection (Erbitux ®) (median PFS: 10.9 months vs 10.8 months, HR: 1.03 [95% CI: 0.83, 1.28]; median
        DoR: 10.2 months vs. 9.5 months). As for safety, this study has sufficiently proven that the Cetuximab
        N01 combination chemotherapy is comparable in safety, tolerance and immunogenicity compared with
        Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux®) combination chemotherapy.


    o   A400/EP0031 (RET inhibitor). We are currently conducting pivotal clinical studies for 1L & 2L+
        advanced RET+ NSCLC as well as a Phase 1b/2 clinical study for RET+ MTC and solid tumor in China.
        Through our collaboration and license agreement, Ellipses Pharma is progressing their phase 2 clinical
        study globally outside of China.


    o   SKB378/WIN378 (TSLP mAb). We completed Phase 1 clinical trial in China. In January 2025, an IND
        application for SKB378 for the treatment of COPD was approved by the NMPA. Our collaboration partner,
        Windward Bio, is preparing for Phase 2 trial.


    o   SKB336 (FXI/FXIα mAb). We completed Phase 1 clinical trial in China.


    o   A296 (STING agonist). We are carrying out a Phase 1 trial in China.


•   Commercialization. We have received marketing authorization for sac-TMT ( 佳 泰 萊 ®), tagitanlimab ( 科 泰
    萊 ®) and Cetuximab N01 ( 達 泰 萊 ®) and have commenced their commercialization. Based on the expected
    approval timeline of each late-stage project in our pipeline, subject to regulatory communications and
    marketing approval, we expect to launch trastuzumab botidotin ( 舒 泰 萊 ®6) in the China market and file an
    NDA for A400 in 2025.




6
    Trade name to be approved by NMPA.


                                                                                        Annual Report 2024     11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     We have set up a fully-fledged commercialization team to prepare and implement the marketing and
     commercialization of our strategic products and established a departmental structure within the Company,
     consisting of various departments such as Marketing, Commercial and Marketing Access, Medical Affairs,
     Sales, and Strategic Planning and Commercial Excellence. We will continue to refine our commercialization
     strategies for each late-stage drug candidate, first prioritizing therapeutic areas with medical needs in China,
     such as BC, NSCLC and GI cancers, while offering synergistic treatment options enabled by our diverse
     pipeline to optimize patient outcome.


     Globally, we will continue to pursue a flexible strategy to capture the commercial value in major international
     markets, through forging synergistic license and collaboration opportunities worldwide.


•    Highlights of our License and Collaboration Arrangements.

     o    Collaboration with MSD. We have entered into license and collaboration agreements with MSD to
          develop multiple ADC assets for cancer treatment.


             Sac-TMT: We have granted MSD an exclusive, royalty-bearing and sub-licensable license to
             develop, use, manufacture and commercialize sac-TMT outside Greater China. We retain the right
             to develop and commercialize sac-TMT within Greater China. As of the date of the Annual Results
             Announcement, MSD has initiated 12 ongoing Phase 3 global clinical studies of sac-TMT as a
             monotherapy or with pembrolizumab or other agents for several types of cancer. The following
             studies are sponsored and led by MSD:


             •   BC.


                 o     Sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab versus TPC in TNBC who received neoadjuvant therapy and
                       did not achieve a pCR at surgery;


                 o     Sac-TMT as a monotherapy and in combination with pembrolizumab versus TPC in
                       participants with previously untreated locally recurrent unresectable or metastatic TNBC
                       expressing PD-L1 at CPS<10;


                 o     Sac-TMT as a single agent and in combination with pembrolizumab versus TPC in
                       participants with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2– BC (after one or
                       more lines of ET);


             •   LC.


                 o     Sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab in adult participants with resectable
                       NSCLC not achieving a pCR after receiving neoadjuvant pembrolizumab with platinum-based
                       doublet chemotherapy followed by surgery;


                 o     Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab monotherapy in the
                       first-line treatment of participants with metastatic NSCLC expressing PD-L1 greater than or
                       equal to 50 percent;




12       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    o   Sac-TMT versus pemetrexed and carboplatin combination therapy in participants with
        EGFR-mutated, advanced non-squamous NSCLC who have progressed on prior EGFR-TKI;


    o   Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab as maintenance
        treatment in the first-line treatment of metastatic squamous NSCLC after induction treatment
        with pembrolizumab plus carboplatin and paclitaxel or nab-paclitaxel;


•   Gynecological cancer.


    o   Sac-TMT monotherapy versus chemotherapy for the treatment of EC who have received prior
        platinum-based chemotherapy and immunotherapy;


    o   Sac-TMT monotherapy versus TPC as second-line treatment for participants with recurrent
        or metastatic CC;


    o   S a c - T M T i n p a t i e n t s w i t h p l a t i n u m - s e n s i t i v e r e c u r r e n t O C w h o h a v e r e c e i v e d 2L
        chemotherapy; and


•   GI cancer. Sac-TMT in 3L+ advanced/metastatic GEA.


    We are also collaborating with MSD on several global phase 2 basket studies for sac-TMT as
    monotherapy or in combination with other agents for multiple solid tumors and those studies are
    ongoing.


Other ADC assets : In addition to sac-TMT, we are also collaborating with MSD on certain ADC
assets including SKB410/MK-3120, SKB571/MK-2750, SKB535/MK-6204, etc. to continuously
explore favorable ADC pipeline portfolios. On one hand, we aim to cover a wide range of tumor
indications through our ADC pipelines with different targets, while on the other hand, we aim to apply
differentiated payload-linker strategies for ADC assets with different targets to achieve better efficacy
and/or differentiated safety profiles, and explore the combination of ADCs with different strategies.
We have granted MSD exclusive global licenses to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize
multiple ADC assets and exclusive options to obtain additional licenses to certain other ADC assets.
We retain the right to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize certain licensed and option
ADCs for mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau.


In the third quarter of 2024, we were informed by MSD with regard to an exclusive option exercise
of SKB571/MK-2750. MSD has paid US$37.5 million to the Company in connection with the option
exercise, and the Company is eligible to receive further milestone payments conditional upon the
achievement of specified development and sales milestones and tiered royalties on net sales of
SKB571/MK-2750 if commercialized. The Company retains the right to develop, use, manufacture
and commercialize SKB571/MK-2750 in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024              13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Collaboration with Ellipses Pharma . In March 2021, we have entered into a collaboration and
            license agreement with Ellipses Pharma, under which we granted Ellipses Pharma an exclusive,
            revenue sharing, royalty-bearing, sublicensable license to develop, manufacture and commercialize
            A400 (known as EP0031 by Ellipses Pharma).


            In March 2024, it was announced that A400/EP0031 was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA
            for the treatment of RET-fusion positive NSCLC. In April 2024, A400/EP0031 was cleared by the FDA
            to progress into Phase 2 clinical development. As of December 31, 2024, a total of 33 clinical sites in
            the United States, Europe and UAE were set up for A400/EP0031.


            Collaboration with Windward Bio . In January 2025, it was announced that we and Harbour
            BioMed had entered into an exclusive license agreement with Windward Bio, under which we
            and Harbour BioMed granted Windward Bio an exclusive license for the research, development,
            manufacturing and commercialization of SKB378/WIN3782 globally (excluding Greater China and
            several Southeast and West Asian countries).


            In return, we and Harbour BioMed are eligible to receive a total of up to US$970 million upfront and
            milestone payments as well as single to double-digit tiered royalties on net sales of SKB378/WIN378.
            Subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement, we and Harbour BioMed are also
            eligible to receive additional payment from Windward Bio if Windward Bio undergoes a near-term
            change of control or enters into a sublicense agreement with a third party. The payments to be made
            by Windward Bio to us and Harbour BioMed under the license agreement shall be paid in equal
            amounts to us and Harbour BioMed.


        The Company has received upfront and milestone payments totaling US$147.5 million from partners with
        regard to multiple collaborated pipelines in 2024 and up to the date of the Annual Results Announcement.


•    ESG. We have established a comprehensive three-tier ESG governance structure consisting of the Board of
     Directors, ESG Working Group and ESG Executive Body. Among them, the Board of Directors serves as the
     highest responsible and decision-making body for ESG management and information disclosure, guiding and
     supervising the Company’s ESG development. Through the establishment and continuous improvement of the
     ESG governance structure, the Company comprehensively enhances ESG performance ability and ensures
     the Company’s sustainable development. In June 2024, the Company was awarded “Excellence in ESG
     Governance Performance Award” by Ming Pao, a media brand under Media Chinese International Limited.


•    Placing of New H Shares. On May 16, 2024, the placing of 3,648,600 H Shares to multiple placees at
     the placing price of HK$150.00 per Share was completed. The net proceeds from the Placing amounted to
     approximately HK$541.4 million.


•    Subscription of New Domestic Shares. On December 17, 2024, the subscription of 4,423,870 Domestic
     Shares by Kelun Pharmaceutical at the subscription price of RMB136.21 per Share was completed. The net
     proceeds from the Subscription is approximately RMB601.4 million.




14     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


I. BUSINESS REVIEW
  OVERVIEW

  We are a biopharmaceutical company committed to the research and development (R&D), manufacturing
  and commercialization of novel drugs in oncology, immunology and other therapeutic areas. We have two
  ADC drugs as our Core Products, namely, sac-TMT and trastuzumab botidotin. Sac-TMT is a novel TROP2
  ADC positioned as a monotherapy and part of combination therapies for treating various advanced solid
  tumors. Trastuzumab botidotin is a differentiated HER2 ADC positioned as a monotherapy to treat advanced
  HER2+ solid tumors. As at the date of the Annual Results Announcement, we were developing more than
  30 candidates in our pipeline, including our Core Product, sac-TMT, and our Key Products, tagitanlimab and
  Cetuximab N01, which have received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA. With the recognition
  of projects with competitive advantages and market value, and the aim to allocate our existing R&D resources
  to such projects, our pipeline mainly consists of oncology drug candidates as well as drug candidates for
  non-oncology diseases and conditions such as autoimmune, metabolism and other disease areas.


  Supported by three in-house developed technology platforms with proprietary know-how in ADCs, biologics
  (mAbs and bsAbs) and small molecule drugs and validated by our clinical-stage drug candidates, our
  pipeline is diverse and synergistic in drug modalities, mechanisms, and indication coverage. Notably, we
  are one of the first movers in the development of ADCs, with over a decade of accumulated experience
  in ADC development. We are one of the first biopharmaceutical companies in China, and one of the few
  globally, to establish an in-house developed ADC platform, OptiDCTM. Our drug development capabilities are
  further bolstered by cGMP-compliant, end-to-end manufacturing capabilities and a comprehensive quality
  management system. Furthermore, we are well-positioned to expand our commercialization infrastructure
  and market access, leveraging our Controlling Shareholder Kelun Pharmaceutical’s decades-long experience,
  industry connections and extensive network.


  The clinical value of our pipeline and our drug development capabilities are recognized by the strategic
  partnerships we have forged worldwide to unlock the global market potential of key assets. We have entered
  into license and collaboration agreements with MSD to develop multiple ADC assets for cancer treatment.
  According to Frost & Sullivan, we are the first China-based company to license internally discovered and
  developed ADC candidates to a top-ten biopharmaceutical multinational corporation. We have also entered
  into collaboration and license agreements with other partners, such as Ellipses Pharma and Windward Bio.
  Our strategic partnerships are not only testaments to our R&D and business development capabilities, but
  also key drivers of our continued innovation, global influence and long-term growth.


  OUR PIPELINE

  Our pipeline targets the world’s prevalent or hard-to-treat cancers, such as BC, NSCLC, GI cancers (including
  GC and CRC) and gynecological tumors, as well as non-oncology diseases and conditions affecting a large
  and underserved population. As at the date of the Annual Results Announcement, we had established a
  pipeline of over 30 candidates, including sac-TMT, tagitanlimab and Cetuximab N01 which have received
  marketing authorization in China from the NMPA, and over 10 clinical-stage drug candidates. We have also
  assembled a diverse portfolio of preclinical assets to further enrich our expanding pipeline targeting medical
  needs.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024     15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Our oncology franchise

     Our oncology franchise features diversified treatment modalities and targets different mechanisms to
     comprehensively treat prevalent or hard-to-treat cancers in China and worldwide, anchored by the following
     clinical-stage assets:


     •    ADC and novel DC:

          o   Sac-TMT (sacituzumab tirumotecan) (also known as SKB264/MK-2870) ( 佳 泰 萊 ®) , one of our
              Core Products, a novel TROP2 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors;


          o   Trastuzumab botidotin (also known as A166) ( 舒 泰 萊 ®1) , another Core Product, a differentiated
              HER2 ADC in NDA registration stage to treat advanced HER2+ solid tumors;


          o   SKB315 , a novel CLDN18.2 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors;

          o   SKB410/MK-3120 , a novel Nectin-4 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors;

          o   SKB571/MK-2750 , a novel bsADC primarily targeting various solid tumors such as LC and CRC etc.;

          o   SKB518, SKB535/MK-6204 and SKB445 , novel ADC drugs with potential FIC targets;

          o   SKB500 and SKB501 , novel ADC drugs with verified targets but differentiated payload-linker
              strategies; and


          o   SKB107 , a RDC targeting tumor bone metastases.

     •    Other modalities (Immunotherapies and Targeted Therapies):

          o   Tagitanlimab (also known as A167) ( 科 泰 萊 ®) , our PD-L1 mAb, the backbone of our immunotherapy
              franchise;


          o   Cetuximab N01 (also known as A140) ( 達 泰 萊 ®) , a recombinant EGFR human-mouse chimeric
              mAb that can inhibit the growth and survival of EGFR-expressing tumor cells;


          o   A400 , a novel next-generation selective RET inhibitor for NSCLC, MTC and other solid tumors with a
              high prevalence of RET alterations; and


          o   A296 , a novel second-generation small molecule STING agonist with a differentiating molecular
              design, and is positioned as a combination therapy to be used with our other immunotherapy assets.




1
     Trade name to be approved by NMPA.


16       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Sac-TMT (sacituzumab tirumotecan, TROP2 ADC) (formerly SKB264/MK-2870) ( 佳 泰 萊 ®)

Sac-TMT, one of our Core Products, is a novel TROP2 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors in which we
have proprietary intellectual property rights. TROP2 is frequently overexpressed across a broad spectrum of
cancers, especially in highly prevalent or hard-to-treat cancers such as BC, NSCLC, GI cancer, gynecological
cancer and many other solid tumor types. Being the first domestically developed TROP2 ADC in China,
sac-TMT utilizes a differentiated drug design to improve ADC stability and maintain ADC bioactivity, thus
enhancing its tumor targeting ability and reducing its off-target and on-target off-tumor toxicity, potentially
leading to a broader therapeutic window.


Sac-TMT is developed with a novel linker to conjugate the payload, a belotecan-derivative topoisomerase
I inhibitor with a DAR of 7.4. Sac-TMT specifically recognizes TROP2 on the surface of tumor cells by
recombinant anti-TROP2 humanized monoclonal antibodies, which is then endocytosed by tumor cells and
releases KL610023 intracellularly. KL610023, as a topoisomerase I inhibitor, induces DNA damage to tumor
cells, which in turn leads to cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis. In addition, it also releases KL610023 in the
tumor microenvironment. Given that KL610023 is membrane permeable, it can enable a bystander effect, or
in other words kill adjacent tumor cells. The design was to achieve a more effective balance between stability
in circulation and targeted-release of the ADC payload in tumor cells.


We are actively advancing a multi-strategy clinical development plan to explore sac-TMT’s potential as a
monotherapy and combination therapies to treat various types of advanced solid tumors in Greater China.
Meanwhile, MSD is advancing the global clinical development of sac-TMT outside of Greater China.


Within Greater China

Based on our retained rights to develop and commercialize sac-TMT and other TROP2 ADCs within Greater
China, we have continued to advance our clinical development plan for sac-TMT in Greater China.


TNBC . In November 2024, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA for sac-TMT in
adult patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC who have received at least two prior
systemic therapies (at least one of them for advanced or metastatic setting). Sac-TMT is the first domestically
developed ADC with global intellectual property rights to receive complete marketing authorization in China.


Our results from the Phase 3 study of sac-TMT in patients with previously treated locally recurrent or
metastatic TNBC were presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in May 2024. Sac-TMT demonstrated a
significant statistically and clinically meaningful improvement in PFS and OS. The median PFS, as assessed
by BICR, was 6.7 months (95% CI: 5.5, 8.0) with sac-TMT and 2.5 months (95% CI: 1.7, 2.7) with
chemotherapy, and HR was 0.32 (95% CI: 0.24, 0.44, p<0.00001), and the risk of disease progression or
death was reduced by 68%. The median OS was not reached with sac-TMT (95% CI: 11.2, NE) and 9.4
months with chemotherapy (95% CI: 8.5, 11.7), HR was 0.53 (95% CI: 0.36, 0.78, p=0.0005), and the risk
of death was reduced by 47%. ORR was 45.4% with sac-TMT compared to 12% with chemotherapy. The
subset of patients with high TROP2 expression (H-score > 200) had a higher median PFS (8.3 months) and
ORR (52.1%) with sac-TMT.


In March 2024, sac-TMT was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the NMPA for the first-line
treatment of unresectable locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic PD-L1 negative TNBC. We have initiated
a Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT monotherapy versus investigator-choice chemotherapy for 1L
advanced TNBC.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     HR+/HER2– BC . A Phase 3 registrational study for 2L+ HR+/HER2– locally advanced or metastatic BC is in
     progress.


     In June 2023, sac-TMT was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the NMPA for the treatment
     of patients with locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2– BC who have previously received at least 2L
     systemic chemotherapy.


     EGFR-mutant NSCLC . In March 2025, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA for
     sac-TMT for the treatment of adult patients with EGFR mutant-positive locally advanced or metastatic
     non-squamous NSCLC following progression on EGFR-TKI therapy and platinum-based chemotherapy.
     Sac-TMT monotherapy demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in ORR,
     PFS and OS compared with docetaxel.


     In October 2024, the NDA for sac-TMT for the treatment of adult patients with EGFR-mutant locally
     advanced or metastatic NSCLC who progressed after treatment with EGFR-TKI therapy was accepted by
     the NMPA and was included in the priority review and approval process. In January 2023, sac-TMT was
     granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the NMPA for EGFR-mutant locally advanced or metastatic
     NSCLC after progression on EGFR-TKI. In August 2024, based on the positive results from the pivotal
     OptiTROP-Lung03 study of sac-TMT, the NDA was accepted by the CDE of the NMPA, and was included in
     the priority review and approval process.


     In addition, a Phase 3 registrational study of sac-TMT combined with osimertinib as first-line treatment of
     locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous EGFR-mutant NSCLC is in progress.


     EGFR-wild type NSCLC . Two Phase 3 registrational studies of sac-TMT, namely (i) sac-TMT in combination
     with pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA ®2) versus pembrolizumab for first-line treatment of patients with PD-L1
     positive locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC, and (ii) sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus
     chemotherapy combined with pembrolizumab as first-line treatment for patients with PD-L1 negative locally
     advanced or metastatic non-squamous NSCLC are in progress.


     Other indications . We are actively exploring the potential of sac-TMT both as a monotherapy and in
     combination with other therapies for treating other solid tumors, including GC, EC, CC, OC, UC, CRPC and
     HNSCC.


     Global clinical development

     In May 2022, we licensed to MSD the exclusive rights to develop, use, manufacture and commercialize
     sac-TMT in all territories outside of Greater China (which includes Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao, and
     Taiwan). As of the date of the Annual Results Announcement, MSD is progressing 12 ongoing Phase 3 global,
     multi-center clinical studies for sac-TMT for several types of cancer including BC, LC, gynecological cancer
     and GI cancer. We are also collaborating with MSD on several global Phase 2 basket studies for sac-TMT as
     monotherapy or in combination with other agents for multiple solid tumors and those studies are ongoing.


     Clinical data readout

     We presented clinical data on studies of sac-TMT at various academic conferences, such as:


2
     Pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA®) is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.,
     Rahway, NJ, USA.


18     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    o   2024 ASCO Annual Meeting.

        o   Results from the Phase 3 OptiTROP-Breast01 study of sac-TMT in patients with previously treated
            locally recurrent or metastatic TNBC;


        o   Results from the Phase 2 OptiTROP-Lung01 study of sac-TMT in combination with A167 (an
            anti-PD-L1 mAb) as first-line treatment for patients with advanced NSCLC;


    o   2024 ESMO Congress.

        o   Efficacy and safety of sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab in patients with recurrent or metastatic CC;


        o   Safety and efficacy of sac-TMT monotherapy in patients with previously treated advanced EC and OC
            from a Phase 2 study;


        o   Exploratory analysis of patients with or without prior PD-(L)1 inhibitors in Phase 3 OptiTROP-Breast01
            study of sac-TMT versus chemotherapy for previously treated advanced TNBC;


    o   2024 AACR Annual Meeting.

        o   Updated efficacy and safety results for sac-TMT in patients with previously treated advanced NSCLC
            from a Phase 2 study;


        o   Preliminary efficacy and safety results for sac-TMT in patients with previously treated advanced
            gastric or GEJ cancer from a Phase 2 study; and


    o   2025 ASCO GU Cancers Symposium.

        o   Efficacy and safety results from the Phase 1/2 KL264-01/MK-2870-001 study (NCT04152499)
            of sac-TMT monotherapy in patients with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic UC who
            progressed on or after prior anti-cancer therapies.


SACITUZUMAB TIRUMOTECAN (SAC-TMT) FOR THE TREATMENT OF OTHER
INDICATIONS NOT YET APPROVED MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY
DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.
Trastuzumab Botidotin (HER2 ADC, also known as A166) ( 舒 泰 萊 ®3)

Trastuzumab botidotin, another of our Core Products, is a differentiated HER2 ADC in NDA registration stage to
treat advanced HER2+ solid tumors. It is positioned to target multiple cancer indications with high prevalence and
medical needs, including BC, with the potential to be one of the first domestically developed ADCs for HER2+ BC
in China.


Trastuzumab botidotin is an innovative HER2 ADC developed by the Company, which conjugates a
novel, monomethyl auristatin F (MMAF) derivative (a highly cytotoxic tubulin inhibitor, Duo-5) via a stable,
enzyme-cleavable linker to a HER2 monoclonal antibody with a DAR of 2. Trastuzumab botidotin specifically binds
to HER2 on the surface of tumor cells and is internalized by tumor cells, releasing the toxin molecule Duo-5 inside
the cell. Duo-5 induces tumor cell cycle arrest in the G2/M Phase, leading to tumor cell apoptosis. After targeting
HER2, trastuzumab botidotin can also inhibit the HER2 signaling pathway; it has ADCC activity.



3
    Trade name to be approved by NMPA.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024     19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Trastuzumab botidotin has met the primary endpoints of its pivotal Phase 2 trial for 3L+ advanced HER2+ BC
based on results from the primary analysis, and the NDA was accepted by the NMPA in May 2023. In January
2025, an NDA for the treatment of adult patients with HER2+ unresectable or metastatic BC who have received
at least one prior anti-HER2 therapy was accepted by the CDE of the NMPA. At a pre-specified interim analysis,
trastuzumab botidotin monotherapy demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement
in the primary endpoint of PFS as assessed by the BICR compared with T-DM1. We have also initiated an open,
multi-center Phase 2 clinical study of trastuzumab botidotin in the treatment of HER2+ unresectable or metastatic
BC that previously received a topoisomerase inhibitor ADC.


TRASTUZUMAB BOTIDOTIN MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY
DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.
SKB315 (CLDN18.2 ADC)

SKB315 is configured with a proprietary, in-house developed humanized CLDN18.2 mAb and a differentiated
payload-linker design. The early-stage clinical data of SKB315 demonstrates promising efficacy and acceptable
safety profile in GC with mid and high CLDN18.2 expression. We are conducting a Phase 1b clinical trial of
SKB315.


SKB410/MK-3120 (Nectin-4 ADC)

SKB410 is a novel Nectin-4 ADC targeting advanced solid tumors and utilizing a differentiated payload-linker
strategy. SKB410 has shown promising Phase 1 clinical data. MSD, as the sponsor, has launched the global
Phase 1/2 clinical trial of SKB410.


SKB571/MK-2750

SKB571 is a novel bsADC that primarily targets various solid tumors such as LC and CRC etc. being developed in
collaboration with MSD. The Phase 1 clinical trial in China is ongoing.


SKB518, SKB535/MK-6204 and SKB445

SKB518, SKB535 and SKB445 are novel ADC drugs with potential FIC targets. The Phase 1 clinical trials for each
of them are ongoing in China. The Company has entered into a license and collaboration agreement with MSD
to develop SKB535. It was announced on the official website of the NMPA that SKB535 is the first pilot project
approved by the NMPA through the optimized clinical trial review scheme for innovative drugs, and the review and
approval time is 21 days.


SKB500 and SKB501

SKB500 and SKB501 are novel ADC drugs with verified targets but differentiated payload-linker strategies. In
November and December 2024, we received a clinical trial notice approving the IND application of SKB501 and
SKB500, respectively, for advanced solid tumors from the NMPA.


SKB107

SKB107 is a RDC drug jointly developed by us and the Affiliated Hospital of Southwest Medical University ( 西 南
醫 科 大 學 附 屬 醫 院 ) targeting tumor bone metastasis. On March 25, 2025, the Company received a clinical trial
notice approving the IND application for SKB107 from the NMPA.




20    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SKB315, SKB410/MK-3120, SKB571/MK-2750, SKB518, SKB535/MK-6204, SKB445,
S K B500, S K B501 A N D S K B107 M A Y N O T U L T I M A T E L Y B E S U C C E S S F U L L Y
DEVELOPED AND COMMERCIALIZED.
Tagitanlimab (PD-L1 mAb, also known as A167) ( 科 泰 萊 ®)

Tagitanlimab is a humanized mAb that targets PD-L1, an important immune checkpoint protein. Targeting PD-L1
and its receptor PD-1 has become the cornerstone of cancer immunotherapy, with PD-(L)1 mAbs now widely
recognised as a front-line cancer immunotherapy agent. To further elicit the anti-tumor activity of PD-(L)1 mAbs,
the market has witnessed encouraging clinical development advancement of PD-(L)1 mAbs-based combination
strategies in recent years, with an aim to achieve synergistic efficacies, boost response rates, overcome
heterogeneity across patients, and relieve treatment resistance.


We have developed tagitanlimab as the backbone of our immunotherapy franchise, not only as a monotherapy
but, more importantly, to be used in combination with our ADCs and other oncology assets.


In December 2024, we received marketing authorization in China from NMPA for tagitanlimab for the treatment
of patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC who have failed after prior 2L+ chemotherapy. In January 2025,
we received marketing authorization of tagitanlimab used in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for
the first-line treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC in China from NMPA. Tagitanlimab is the
first PD-L1 mAb globally to receive authorization for the first-line treatment of NPC. Moreover, we are actively
exploring tagitanlimab’s potential as an early-line treatment in combination with our ADC assets to maximize the
clinical value of our oncology franchise.


1L NPC

Based on a randomized, double-blinded, placebo controlled, multi-center, Phase 3 clinical study which evaluates
the efficacy and safety results of tagitanlimab in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine versus placebo in
combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic NPC, tagitanlimab used in
combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for the first-line treatment of recurrent or metastatic NPC has better
PFS, higher ORR and extended DoR compared with chemotherapy, and has benefitted all patients regardless of
PD-L1 expression. The median PFS for tagitanlimab in combination with chemotherapy is not reached compared
to 7.9 months for placebo in combination with chemotherapy (HR=0.47, 95% CI: 0.33-0.66, p<0.0001), and
the risk of disease progression and death is reduced by 53%; ORR is 81.7% vs 74.5%; median DoR is 11.7 vs
5.8 months (HR=0.48, 95% CI: 0.32-0.70), which is nearly double compared to the placebo arm; the beneficial
trend for OS of tagitanlimab in combination with chemotherapy has already been observed (HR=0.62, 95% CI:
0.32-1.22), and its risk of death is reduced by 38%.


3L+ NPC

Based on an open-label, multi-center, Phase 2 clinical study in patients with recurrent or metastatic NPC who
have failed after prior 2L+ systematic therapies, as of the data cutoff date, the median follow-up time was 21.7
months, 132 patients entered FAS totally, the IRC-assessed ORR was 26.5%, the DoR was 12.4 months and the
median OS was 16.2 months. Meanwhile, tagitanlimab showed a manageable safety profile, where the incidence
of grade 3 immune-related adverse events (irAEs) was 3.9% and no grade 3 above irAE was observed. These
study results have been published in The Lancet Regional Health – Western Pacific, a journal by The Lancet.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024     21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


TAGITANLIMAB FOR THE TREATMENT OF OTHER INDICATIONS NOT YET
APPROVED MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND
COMMERCIALIZED.
Cetuximab N01 (EGFR mAb, also known as A140) ( 達 泰 萊 ®)

Cetuximab N01 is a recombinant anti-EGFR human-mouse chimeric mAb that can inhibit the growth and survival
of EGFR-expressing tumor cells.


In February 2025, we received marketing authorization in China from the NMPA for Cetuximab N01 Injection used
in combination with FOLFOX or FOLFIRI regimens for first-line treatment of RAS wild-type mCRC.


As demonstrated by a large-scale domestic Phase 3 clinical study conducting a head-to-head comparison
of Cetuximab N01 Injection with Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux ®), the Cetuximab N01 combination
chemotherapy was clinical equivalent in ORR (Cetuximab N01 vs. Cetuximab Solution for Injection (Erbitux®):
71.0% vs. 77.5%; ORR ratio is 0.93 [95% CI: 0.87, 0.99]), and Cetuximab N01 did not demonstrate any
clinically meaningful or statistically significant differences in DoR and PFS compared with Cetuximab Solution for
Injection (Erbitux®) (median PFS: 10.9 months vs 10.8 months, HR: 1.03 [95% CI: 0.83, 1.28]; median DoR: 10.2
months vs. 9.5 months). As for safety, this study has sufficiently proven that the Cetuximab N01 combination
chemotherapy is comparable in safety, tolerance and immunogenicity compared with Cetuximab Solution for
Injection (Erbitux®) combination chemotherapy.


CETUXIMAB N01 FOR THE TREATMENT OF OTHER INDICATIONS NOT YET
APPROVED MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND
COMMERCIALIZED.
A400/EP0031 (RET inhibitor)

A400, a next-generation selective RET inhibitor, is positioned to be the first domestically developed
next-generation selective RET inhibitor for treating RET+ solid tumors in China.


RET alterations have been reported to be a major oncogenic driver in about 2% of all cancers, most notably
in NSCLC and MTC, the first two indications that A400 is designed to target. Although two first-generation
selective RET inhibitors were approved in China for RET+ solid tumors as at December 31, 2024, their therapeutic
benefits are limited, in part, by acquired RET drug-resistant mutations and safety issues such as hypertension
and hematological toxicity, underscoring the need for novel selective RET inhibitors with improved safety and
better efficacy against drug resistant mutations. A400 is designed with a novel proprietary molecular structure to
address selective RET inhibitor resistance while maintaining target selectivity, efficacy and safety with reduced
manufacturing cost and difficulty.


Through our collaboration and license agreement, Ellipses Pharma is progressing their Phase 2 clinical study
globally outside of China.


Within Greater China

We are currently conducting pivotal clinical study for both 1L and 2L+ advanced RET+ NSCLC as well as a Phase
1b/2 clinical study for RET+ MTC and solid tumor in China. We expect to file an NDA for A400 in 2025.




22    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Global collaboration with Ellipses Pharma

In March 2021, we granted Ellipses Pharma, a U.K.-based international oncology drug development company,
an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize A400 outside Greater China and certain Asian
countries.

In March 2024, it was announced that A400/EP0031 was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for the
treatment of RET-fusion positive NSCLC. In April 2024, A400 was cleared by the FDA to progress into Phase 2
clinical development.


A400 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND
COMMERCIALIZED.
A296 (STING agonist)

A296 is a novel second-generation small molecule STING agonist with a differentiating molecular design, has the
potential to invigorate anti-tumor immunity in “cold” tumors that are unresponsive to existing immune checkpoint
inhibitors and is positioned as a combination therapy to be used with our other immunotherapy assets. The Phase
1 trial is making steady progress.


A296 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND
COMMERCIALIZED.
Our non-oncology franchise

Our non-oncology franchise covers a range of diseases and conditions with large patient populations and
medical needs, with a primary focus on immune-mediated diseases, including moderate-to-severe asthma and
thromboembolic disorders.

SKB378 (TSLP mAb)

SKB378 is potentially one of the first domestically developed TSLP mAbs in China for treating patients with
moderate-to-severe asthma. SKB378 is a novel, recombinant fully human mAb that potently binds to the TSLP
ligand and inhibits the TSLP mediated signaling pathway by blocking the interaction between TSLP and TSLP
receptor. This is a well-validated cytokine that plays a key role in the development and progression of a wide array
of immunological conditions, including asthma and COPD where inhibition has demonstrated benefit in a wide
array of inflammatory phenotypes. SKB378 has been engineered to achieve an extended half-life and effector
silencing and is subcutaneously administered.

Within Greater China

We received IND approval for moderate-to-severe asthma from the NMPA in February 2022, and we have
completed Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy subjects in China. In January 2025, an IND application for SKB378 for
the treatment of COPD was approved by the NMPA.

Global collaboration with Windward Bio

In January 2025, it was announced that we and Harbour BioMed had entered into an exclusive license agreement
with Windward Bio, under which we and Harbour BioMed granted Windward Bio an exclusive license for the
research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of SKB378/WIN378 globally (excluding Greater
China and several Southeast and West Asian countries). SKB378/WIN378 is a co-development project jointly
conducted by the Company and Harbour BioMed, with both parties equally sharing global rights. Windward Bio is
preparing for Phase 2 trial.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SKB378 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND
COMMERCIALIZED.
SKB336 (FXI/FXIα mAb)

SKB336 is a novel FXI/FXIα mAb designed as an anticoagulant for preventing and treating thromboembolic
disorders. Thromboembolic disorders are prevalent and potentially fatal conditions in which abnormally formed
blood clots block blood vessels. The current mainstay anticoagulant therapies put patients at increased risks
of severe and potentially life-threatening bleeding complications as their targets are also required for normal
coagulation, leaving a need for novel effective anticoagulation agents with limited risk of bleeding. In published
preclinical studies, FXI/FXIα deficiencies led to clot instability and prevented the occlusion of blood vessels,
suggesting that targeting FXI/FXIα is potentially a safe and effective strategy for preventing and treating
thromboembolic disorders.


We received IND approval from the NMPA in July 2021 for preventing and treating thromboembolic disorders. We
have completed Phase 1 trial in China.


SKB336 MAY NOT ULTIMATELY BE SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOPED AND
COMMERCIALIZED.
Apart from the above, we will continue to develop novel non-oncology drug candidates to address highly prevalent
chronic diseases currently without effective treatments, including autoimmune and metabolic diseases.


OUR TECHNOLOGY PLATFORMS
We have established three core platforms specializing in ADCs, biologics and small molecule technologies that
serve as the foundation of our discovery and development of innovative medicines for medical needs in selected
disease areas, such as oncology, autoimmune diseases and metabolic diseases. These platforms cover the entire
R&D process for different drug modalities and work in tandem to allow cross-functional synergies at crucial stages
of drug development.


•    ADC Platform . We are one of the first movers in the development of ADCs, with over a decade of
     accumulated experience in ADC development. According to Frost & Sullivan, we are one of the first
     biopharmaceutical companies in China, and one of the few globally, to establish an in-house developed ADC
     platform, which supports our systematic development of ADCs across their entire lifecycle. Our ADC platform,
     OptiDC™, is supported by three capability pillars – in-depth knowledge of biological targets and diseases,
     tested and verified ADC design and development know-how, and a toolbox of core ADC components.
     Through over a decade of development, we have developed a toolbox of core ADC components which
     gives us the versatility to engineer customized ADCs optimized for different biological targets to address
     medical needs in a broad range of indications. We have honed our expertise in ADC process development,
     manufacturing and quality management, which we believe is crucial in bringing our ADCs from bench to
     bedside. Notably, our ADC platform is tested and verified through preclinical studies and clinical trials with
     thousands of patients enrolled.




24     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    By leveraging our experience and data from drug discovery, translational medicine, process development
    and clinical studies over years of implementing our ADC design strategies, we deploy a multi-pronged
    strategy to advance our ADC platform. For oncology diseases, we are developing ADCs as a replacement
    for chemo-based cancer therapies, by (i) developing ADCs targeting novel targets with monoclonal,
    biparatopic and bispecific antibodies; (ii) expanding cytotoxic agents beyond common topoisomerase and
    tubulin inhibitors, and (iii) optimizing our conjugation technologies to enable precise control of the positioning
    and number of conjugated payloads including dual payloads. We are also developing ADCs to replace
    non-chemo-based cancer therapies by developing ADC derivatives with innovative compound structure and
    diversified payloads other than cytotoxins such as RDCs, iADCs and DACs, etc. Beyond oncology diseases,
    we are developing ADCs with non-cytotoxic payloads for other disease indications such as autoimmune
    disease.

                                                        Tested and        ADC
                                                        design and development
                                                               know-how




                                                             OptiDCTM

                                                         Drug Conjugate
                                                            Platform
                              In-depth knowledge of
                               biological targets and                      Toolbox of core
                                      diseases                            ADC components




                                                ADCs that target medical needs


•   Biologics Platform . Our extensive biologics platform enables the creation and refinement of cutting-edge
    mAb/bsAb medicines across the entire drug development lifecycle – from target biology to clinical-grade
    biologics. By integrating advanced technologies and workflows, including single B cell screening,
    next-generation sequencing, and high-throughput screening and analysis, the platform accelerates the
    generation of innovative antibodies with desired properties. Leveraging AI-powered epitope prediction,
    physiochemical profiling, and precision antibody engineering, we guide the antibody discovery toward specific
    epitopes with enhanced therapeutic potential. This approach addresses challenges associated with complex
    targets, improves druggability, and ensures optimal functional characteristics. Antibody discovery platforms
    drive the development of mAbs/bsAbs and ADCs and novel DCs for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases
    and metabolic diseases, and possesses end-to-end antibody development capabilities ranging from antibody
    discovery and optimization to bioprocessing and scale-up manufacturing.


•   Small Molecule Platform . Our small molecule platform is driven by the integration of medicinal chemistry,
    CADD (computer-aided drug design) and AIDD technologies, such as molecular docking, pharmacophore
    modeling, FEP (free energy perturbation) calculations, ADMET (absorption, distribution, metabolism,
    elimination and toxicity) prediction, and de novo molecule generation. These capabilities enable us to be
    highly efficient in compound optimization in early-stage research, which help rationalize and accelerate our
    preclinical drug discovery. We are also exploring state-of-the-art technologies such as PROTAC to navigate
    challenging protein targets




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Our in-house R&D capabilities, built on three technology platforms, give us control and visibility over our
R&D process, reduces our reliance on CROs and enable us to ensure the quality and efficiency of our drug
development programs.


Our R&D team comprises industry veterans with extensive experience of driving drug development programs at
leading biopharmaceutical companies. We have a comprehensive in-house R&D engine covering drug discovery,
translational medicine, process development and clinical research.


•    Drug Discovery . Our drug discovery team plays a fundamental role in our development of innovative drugs to
     address medical needs. Our discovery team comprises medicinal chemists, computational chemists, protein
     scientists, biologists, immunologists and is led by experts with years of experience working at multinational
     corporations. Through bringing over 10 drug candidates into clinical development, we have accumulated
     in-depth know-how and streamlined our drug discovery workflows for ADCs, biologics and small molecules.
     Our research platform supports in-house capabilities covering target validation, mechanism study, candidate
     design and selection (including computer-aided approaches), with a goal to consistently design and engineer
     differentiated drug candidates with high clinical values to enrich our pipeline.


•    Translational Medicine . Our translational medicine scientists work closely to facilitate the bridging of our
     drug discovery and preclinical studies with clinical needs, with an aim to bring differentiated drug candidates
     to market. Their interdisciplinary research encompasses a wide range of studies from AI, pharmacology, drug
     metabolism and pharmacokinetics, toxicology to biomarker development. Our translational medicine team
     plays a key role in improving the success rates, time-efficiency and cost-effectiveness of our clinical trials.


•    Process Development . Our process development team is responsible for developing a quality, scalable, and
     robust process for our ADC, antibody and small molecule drugs. They have extensive experience in process
     optimization and scale-up, analytical method development and validation, quality criteria establishment, and
     technology transfer for clinical and commercial manufacturing. We are guided by a quality-by-design concept
     to scientifically design process performance characteristics, which underlies our consistent, high quality
     manufacturing of drug products.


•    Clinical Research . We have a robust clinical research team located across our four clinical centers in
     Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu and the U.S. Our clinical scientists are highly experienced at formulating clinical
     development plans, selecting indications, and determining regulatory pathways. Their rich experience
     in regulatory communication, both in China and overseas, also plays a key role in advancing our clinical
     development plans towards successful commercialization.


We have introduced AI into several R&D processes to further improve R&D efficiency. For instance, AI-assisted
sequence prediction and binding site prediction of antibodies have been realized, while AIDD technologies is
one of the drivers of our small molecule platform. For translational medicine, through the use of commercial AI
databases, the gene pathway analysis and toxicity mechanism prediction of innovative targets have been optimized,
and the risk control methods of innovative R&D have been improved.




26     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OUR LICENSE AND COLLABORATION ARRANGEMENTS
While we are primarily engaged in in-house drug development, we also believe that an open and collaborative
mindset is crucial to the success of our global strategy. Along each step of our drug development plans – from
drug discovery to commercialization – we proactively pursue external collaborations, licensing arrangements and
other strategic partnerships to create synergies with our pipeline and technology platforms.


Set forth below is a summary of our key license and collaboration agreements:


•   Collaboration with MSD . We have entered into license and collaboration agreements with MSD to develop
    multiple ADC assets for cancer treatment.


    o   Sac-TMT : We have granted MSD an exclusive, royalty-bearing and sub-licensable license to develop,
        use, manufacture and commercialize sac-TMT outside Greater China. We retain the right to develop
        and commercialize sac-TMT within Greater China. As of the date of the Annual Results Announcement,
        MSD has initiated 12 ongoing Phase 3 global clinical studies of sac-TMT as a monotherapy or with
        pembrolizumab or other agents for several types of cancer. The following studies are sponsored and led
        by MSD:


        § BC.


            •   Sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab versus TPC in TNBC who received neoadjuvant therapy and did
                not achieve a pCR at surgery;


            •   Sac-TMT as a monotherapy and in combination with pembrolizumab versus TPC in participants
                with previously untreated locally recurrent unresectable or metastatic TNBC expressing PD-L1 at
                CPS<10;


            •   Sac-TMT as a single agent and in combination with pembrolizumab versus TPC in participants
                with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic HR+/HER2– BC (after one or more lines of ET);


        § LC.


            •   Sac-TMT plus pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab in adult participants with resectable NSCLC
                not achieving a pCR after receiving neoadjuvant pembrolizumab with platinum-based doublet
                chemotherapy followed by surgery;


            •   Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab monotherapy in the first-line
                treatment of participants with metastatic NSCLC expressing PD-L1 greater than or equal to 50
                percent;


            •   Sac-TMT monotherapy versus standard chemotherapy for the treatment of previously treated
                advanced or metastatic NSCLC with EGFR mutations or other genomic alterations (after 1 or 2
                prior lines of EGFR-TKI and 1 platinum-based therapy after progression on or after EGFR-TKI);




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024    27
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


              •   Sac-TMT versus pemetrexed and carboplatin combination therapy in participants with
                  EGFR-mutated, advanced non-squamous NSCLC who have progressed on prior EGFR-TKI;


              •   Sac-TMT in combination with pembrolizumab versus pembrolizumab as maintenance treatment
                  in the first-line treatment of metastatic squamous NSCLC after induction treatment with
                  pembrolizumab plus carboplatin and paclitaxel or nab-paclitaxel;


          § Gynecological cancers.


              •   Sac-TMT monotherapy versus chemotherapy for the treatment of EC who have received prior
                  platinum-based chemotherapy and immunotherapy;


              •   Sac-TMT monotherapy versus TPC as second-line treatment for participants with recurrent or
                  metastatic CC;


              •   Sac-TMT in patients with platinum-sensitive recurrent OC who have received 2L chemotherapy;
                  and


          § GI cancer. Sac-TMT in 3L+ advanced/metastatic GEA.


          We are also collaborating with MSD on several global Phase 2 basket studies for sac-TMT as
          monotherapy or in combination with other agents for multiple solid tumors and those studies are ongoing.


     o    Other ADC assets : In addition to sac-TMT, we are also collaborating with MSD on certain ADC assets
          including SKB410/MK-3120, SKB571/MK-2750, SKB535/MK-6204, etc. to continuously explore favorable
          ADC pipeline portfolios. Through our ADC pipelines, we aim to cover a wide range of tumor indications
          via different targets, to apply differentiated payload-linker strategies for ADC assets with different targets
          to achieve better efficacy and/or differentiated safety profiles, and through various strategies, to explore
          ADCs in combination. We have granted MSD exclusive global licenses to research, develop, manufacture
          and commercialize multiple ADC assets and exclusive options to obtain additional licenses to certain
          other ADC assets. We retain the right to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize certain
          licenses and option ADCs for mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau.


          In the third quarter of 2024, we were informed by MSD regarding an exclusive option to exercise SKB571/
          MK-2750. MSD has paid US$37.5 million to the Company in connection with the option to exercise,
          and the Company is eligible to receive further milestone payments conditional upon the achievement
          of specified development and sales milestones and tiered royalties on net sales of SKB571/MK-2750
          if commercialized. The Company retains the right to develop, use, manufacture and commercialize
          SKB571/MK-2750 in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau.


•    Collaboration with Ellipses Pharma . In March 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement
     with Ellipses Pharma, under which we granted Ellipses Pharma an exclusive, revenue sharing, royalty-bearing,
     sub-licensable license to develop, manufacture and commercialize A400. A400 is known as EP0031 by
     Ellipses Pharma. The license includes all countries excluding Greater China, North Korea, South Korea,
     Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand.




28       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    In March 2024, it was announced that A400/EP0031 was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for the
    treatment of RET-fusion positive NSCLC. In April 2024, A400 was cleared by the FDA to progress into Phase
    2 clinical development. As of December 31, 2024, a total of 33 clinical sites in the United States, Europe and
    UAE were set up for A400/EP0031.


•   Collaboration with Windward Bio . In January 2025, it was announced that we and Harbour BioMed had
    entered into an exclusive license agreement with Windward Bio, under which we and Harbour BioMed granted
    Windward Bio an exclusive license for the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of
    SKB378/WIN3782 globally (excluding Greater China and several Southeast and West Asian countries).


    In return, we and Harbour BioMed are eligible to receive a total of up to US$970 million upfront and milestone
    payments as well as single to double-digit tiered royalties on net sales of SKB378/WIN378. The US$45
    million upfront and near-term payments include both cash consideration and equity in the parent company
    of Windward Bio. Subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement, we and Harbour BioMed are
    also eligible to receive additional payment from Windward Bio if Windward Bio undergoes a near-term change
    of control or enters into a sublicense agreement with a third party. The payments to be made by Windward
    Bio to us and Harbour BioMed under the license agreement shall be paid in equal amounts to us and Harbour
    BioMed.


The Company has received upfront and milestone payments totaling US$147.5 million from partners with regard
to multiple collaborated pipelines in 2024 and up to the date of the Annual Results Announcement.


MANUFACTURING AND QUALITY MANAGEMENT
We believe a well-established manufacturing and quality management system serves as the cornerstone of our
commercialization and underlies our ability to enhance our R&D capabilities and advance clinical development.
Our manufacturing and quality management system is capable of supporting the production of antibodies, ADCs
and their key drug substances. This system helps ensure the consistent, stable, and controllable quality of our
clinical and commercialized products.


•   Manufacturing . Our main manufacturing site in Chengdu is one of the few facilities in China with
    cGMP-compliant, end-to-end capabilities covering the entire development lifecycle of ADCs, from cell
    culture and purification, for antibody production, syntheses of payloads and linkers, ADC conjugation to
    formulation, fill and finish. Our ADC manufacturing facilities have an annual production capacity of 50 batches
    (or 1.4 million vials) of freeze-dried ADCs or 100 batches (or 2 million vials) of injectable ADCs. Our antibody
    manufacturing facilities have an annual production capacity of 60 batches (or 750,000 vials) of freeze-dried
    formulation or 100 batches (or 2.6 million vials) of injectable solutions.


•   Quality Management . We operate a comprehensive quality management system which extends across all
    key stages of the R&D, manufacturing and commercialization processes. This system was established and
    refined in accordance with the rigorous regulations and guidelines in China, the U.S. and Europe. We pay
    close attention to the evolving cGMP standards and regulatory developments in these target markets and
    have been updating our internal procedures accordingly, striving for the highest international standards in
    patient safety and regulatory compliance.




2
    SKB378 is known as HBM9378 in Harbour BioMed’s pipeline and WIN378 in Windward Bio’s pipeline.


                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    29
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


COMMERCIALIZATION
We have received marketing authorization for sac-TMT ( 佳 泰 萊 ®), tagitanlimab ( 科 泰 萊 ®) and Cetuximab N01
( 達 泰 萊 ®) and have commenced their commercialization. Based on the expected approval timeline of each
late-stage project in our pipeline, subject to regulatory communications and marketing approval, we expect to
launch trastuzumab botidotin ( 舒 泰 萊 ®5) in the China market and file an NDA for A400 in 2025.


We have set up a fully-fledged commercialization team to prepare and implement the marketing and
commercialization of our strategic products and established a departmental structure within the Company,
consisting of various departments such as Marketing, Commercial and Marketing Access, Medical Affairs, Sales,
and Strategic Planning and Commercial Excellence. We will continue to refine our commercialization strategies
for each late-stage drug candidate, first prioritizing therapeutic areas with medical needs in China, such as BC,
NSCLC and GI cancers, while offering synergistic treatment options enabled by our diverse pipeline to optimize
patient outcome.


Globally, we will continue to pursue a flexible strategy to capture the commercial value in major international
markets, through forging synergistic license and collaboration opportunities worldwide.


AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
In April 2024, the Company was awarded “ADC Pioneer Enterprise” by TONACEA.


In September 2024, the Company was recognized with the “China Pharmaceutical Emerging Innovative Force
Award” by the China National Pharmaceutical Industry Information Center ( 中 國 醫 藥 工 業 信 息 中 心 ).


In November 2024, the “Sichuan Province Biomacromolecule Drug Innovation Consortium” ( 四 川 省 生 物 大 分 子
藥 物 創 新 聯 合 體 ) was officially established. The consortium, led by Kelun Pharmaceutical, was jointly established
by the Company, China Pharmaceutical University ( 中 國 藥 科 大 學 ), Sichuan Provincial People’s Hospital ( 四
川 省 人 民 醫 院 ), the Affiliated Hospital of North Sichuan Medical College ( 川 北 醫 學 院 附 屬 醫 院 ), and other
innovative and distinguished units to carry out technical breakthroughs in the field of biomacromolecules, focusing
on “R&D + clinical + manufacturing + application” of biomacromolecule drugs.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
We have established a comprehensive three-tier ESG governance structure consisting of the Board of
Directors, ESG Working Group and ESG Executive Body. Among them, the Board of Directors serves as the
highest responsible and decision-making body for ESG management and information disclosure, guiding and
supervising the Company’s ESG development. Through the establishment and continuous improvement of the
ESG governance structure, the Company comprehensively enhances ESG performance ability and ensures the
Company’s sustainable development. In June 2024, the Company was awarded “Excellence in ESG Governance
Performance Award” by Ming Pao, a media brand under Media Chinese International Limited.




5
     Trade name to be approved by NMPA.

30     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


II. FINANCIAL REVIEW
  Overview

  The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial statements and
  the notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report.


  Revenue

  During the Reporting Period, our revenue consisted of (i) revenue from our license and collaboration
  agreements (see “Our License and Collaboration Arrangements” above in this Annual Report for details); (ii)
  revenue from the research and development services; and (iii) revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products.
  The following table sets forth the components of our revenue in absolute amounts for the period indicated:


                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000
  Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
  Revenue from license and collaboration agreements                             1,863,071             1,531,699
  Revenue from provision of research and development service                       18,276                 8,794
  Revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products                                    51,698                     –
                                                                                1,933,045             1,540,493


  The Group’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB1,933.05 million, representing an
  increase of 25.5% compared to RMB1,540.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase is
  mainly attributable to (i) the achievement of various R&D milestones in 2024; and (ii) the commencement of
  sales of pharmaceutical products in 2024.


  Cost of Sales

  During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales was primarily related to the R&D activities we conducted in
  accordance with our license and collaboration agreements, and the R&D services we provided to Kelun
  Group and other third parties. Our cost of sales primarily consisted of (i) trial and testing expenses, primarily
  in relation to the engagement of CROs, clinical trial sites, principal investigators and other service providers;
  (ii) employee salaries and benefits for R&D staff; and (iii) others, including COGS of pharmaceutical products,
  tax and surcharge, costs of raw materials and other consumables, depreciation and amortization expenses in
  connection with the machinery and equipment used, and office expenses and other miscellaneous expenses.


  The following table sets forth a breakdown of our cost of sales in absolute amounts for the period indicated.


                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000
  Staff costs                                                                      95,098               107,778
  Trial and testing expenses                                                      493,053               469,846
  Project cooperation expenses                                                          –                92,726
  Others                                                                           71,237               110,958
  Total                                                                           659,388               781,308



                                                                                          Annual Report 2024      31
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The Group’s cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB659.39 million, representing a
     decrease of 15.6% compared to RMB781.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease is
     mainly because we did not incur project cooperation expenses and stamp taxes in 2024.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

     Gross profit represents revenue less cost of sales. Gross profit margin represents gross profit as a percentage
     of revenue. As a result of the aforementioned factors, the gross profit of the Group increased by 67.8% from
     RMB759.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to RMB1,273.7 million for the year ended December
     31, 2024.


     Our gross profit margin is calculated as gross profit divided by revenue. The gross profit margin of the Group
     increased from 49.3% for the year ended December 31, 2023 to 65.9% for the year ended December 31,
     2024.


     Other Net Income/Expenses

     During the Reporting Period, our other net income or expenses primarily consisted of (i) interest income from
     bank deposits; (ii) net foreign exchange gains or losses which primarily reflected the increased or decreased
     value of assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currencies we hold resulting from fluctuations in exchange
     rate; (iii) net realized and unrealized gain on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL);
     (iv) government grants, mainly representing government subsidies from state and local government authorities
     in relation to our R&D activities and construction of our R&D and manufacturing facilities, which were one-off
     in nature and may vary from period to period; (v) interest income from financial assets measured at amortized
     cost; (vi) net gains or losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment; and (vii) others.


     The Group’s other net income or expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB139.8 million,
     representing an increase of RMB50.0 million compared to RMB89.8 million for the year ended December 31,
     2023, mainly due to an increase in government subsidies.


     Administrative Expenses

     During the Reporting Period, our administrative expenses primarily consisted of (i) staff costs, representing
     employee salaries and benefits, including the grant of restricted share units, for our administrative personnel;
     (ii) office and travel expenses in relation to our general operations; (iii) consulting service fees paid to
     agents, independent financial advisor and other professional service providers in the ordinary course of our
     business; and (iv) others, including depreciation and amortization expenses mainly associated with our office
     and equipment for administrative purposes, maintenance and repair expenses for office and equipment,
     recruitment expenses, and other miscellaneous expenses.




32     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth a breakdown of our administrative expenses in absolute amounts for the periods
indicated.


                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
Staff costs                                                                      124,987               117,982
Consulting service fee                                                             7,446                 6,730
Office and travel expenses                                                         9,192                 9,323
Listing expenses                                                                       –                27,346
Others                                                                            21,685                20,496
Total                                                                            163,310               181,877


The Group’s administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB163.3 million,
representing a decrease of 10% compared to RMB181.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The
decrease was primarily attributable to the absence of listing expenses in 2024.


Selling and Distribution Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of (i) costs of staff
salaries and benefits associated with sales and marketing activities; (ii) conference and marketing expenses
related to business activities, and administrative expenses; and (iii) other expenses, such as transportation
expenses etc.


                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
Staff costs                                                                        91,807               17,258
Conference, marketing and administrative expenses                                  84,863                1,541
Others                                                                              6,047                  735
Total                                                                            182,717                19,534


The Group’s selling and distribution expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB182.7
million, compared to RMB19.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. Such expenses are primarily
attributable to (i) the recruitment of staff into our commercialization team and (ii) pre-launch and post-launch
marketing activities for our product sac-TMT, as we are expanding our commercialization team and
conducting marketing activities for our commercialization needs.


Research and Development Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our research and development expenses primarily consisted of (i) trial and
testing expenses, primarily in relation to the engagement of CROs, clinical trial sites, principal investigators
and other service providers; (ii) staff costs, representing employee salaries and benefits, including the grant of
restricted share units, for our R&D personnel; (iii) raw materials costs in relation to research and development
of our drug candidates; and (iv) others, such as depreciation, amortization and short-term lease expenses,
utilities, maintenance and repair costs, and expenses incurred for the application and maintenance of
intellectual property rights in relation to our R&D activities.



                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       33
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth a breakdown of our research and development expenses in absolute amounts
     for the periods indicated.


                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000
     Staff costs                                                                     390,898               316,917
     Trial and testing expenses                                                      531,817               527,306
     Raw materials                                                                   155,742                73,618
     Others                                                                          127,677               113,125
     Total                                                                         1,206,134             1,030,966


     The Group’s R&D expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB1,206.1 million, representing an
     increase of 17.0% compared to RMB1,031.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, mainly due to (i)
     an increase in staff costs; (ii) an increase in raw materials. Such increases were primarily due to the increased
     investments in the on-going R&D projects of the Group.


     Finance Costs

     During the Reporting Period, our finance costs primarily consisted of (i) interest expenses on lease liabilities
     and (ii) interest expenses on discounting of bills payable.


     The Group’s finance costs for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB3.8 million, representing a
     decrease of 95.5% compared to RMB84.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease in
     finance costs was primarily because, following the completion of the debt-to-equity conversion and initial
     public offering of the Company and the repayment of bank loans by the Company in 2023, the Company did
     not incur any interest expenses on the borrowings from Kelun Pharmaceutical, financial instruments issued
     to investors (representing the Shares issued to Series A Investors and Series B Investors) and bank loans in
     2024.


     Income Tax

     During the Reporting Period, our income tax consisted of current tax and withholding tax. For the year
     ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, we recorded income tax of RMB106.4 million and RMB124.2 million,
     respectively.


     PRC

     Effective from January 1, 2008, the PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% under the enterprise income tax
     laws. Our subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to PRC income tax at 25% unless otherwise specified.


     According to the enterprise income tax laws and its relevant regulations, entities that qualified as High and
     New Technology Enterprise are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. The Company obtained its
     certificate of high-technology enterprise on October 16, 2023 and is entitled to preferential income tax of 15%
     from 2023 to 2025.




34     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


United States

Pursuant to U.S. income tax laws and regulations and the Agreement between the Government of the
People’s Republic of China and the United States of America for Avoidance of Double Taxation and the
Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income (《中 華 人 民 共 和 國 政 府 和 美 利 堅 合 眾 國 政
府 關 於 對 所 得 避 免 雙 重 徵 稅 和 防 止 偷 漏 稅 的 協 定》), we are subject to a 10% U.S. federal withholding
tax, applied to certain payments made to us pursuant to the respective license and collaboration agreements.


Hong Kong

The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2024 is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the estimated
assessable profits for the year. There were no assessable profits generating from the subsidiary incorporated
in Hong Kong of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2024.


Profit/Loss for the period

As a result of the foregoing, our loss for the Reporting Period decreased by 53.5% from RMB574.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 2023 to RMB266.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.


The Group also uses adjusted loss for the year calculated by deducting equity-settled share-based payment
from loss for the year as an additional financial measure which is not required by or presented in accordance
with the IFRS. This non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool and may not be comparable to
a similarly titled measure presented by other companies. However, the Group believes that this non-IFRS
measure is a reflection of its normal operating results by eliminating potential impacts of items that the
management do not consider to be indicative of the Group’s operating performance and thus provides useful
and meaningful information to the Shareholders and the investing public.


Capital Management

As part of our cash management policy, we believe that we can make better use of our cash by utilizing
wealth management products to better utilize our idle own funds without interfering with our business
operations or capital expenditures. To monitor and control the investment risks associated with our
financial assets measured at FVPL and financial assets measured at amortized cost, we have adopted a
comprehensive set of internal policies and guidelines to manage our investment in financial assets measured
at FVPL and financial assets measured at amortized cost. We make investment decisions based on our
estimated capital requirements and our annual budget, taking into account the duration, expected returns and
risks of the wealth management product.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

On May 8, 2024, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which
the Placing Agents conditionally agreed to procure the placing of, as agent of the Company, or failing which
to purchase itself, 3,648,600 H Shares to multiple placees at the placing price of HK$150.00 per Share.
Completion of the Placing took place on May 16, 2024. 3,648,600 H Shares were successfully placed by the
Placing Agents to multiple placees at the placing price pursuant to the terms and conditions of the placing
agreement. The net proceeds from the Placing amounted to approximately HK$541.4 million.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024     35
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     On May 8, 2024, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Kelun Pharmaceutical (as
     subscriber), pursuant to which Kelun Pharmaceutical conditionally agreed to subscribe for and the Company
     conditionally agreed to allot and issue a total of 4,423,870 Domestic Shares at the subscription price of
     RMB136.21 per Share, equivalent to HK$150.00 per Share, which is the same as the placing price of the
     Placing. The independent Shareholders approved the Subscription at the 2023 annual general meeting of
     the Company on June 20, 2024. The Subscription was completed on December 17, 2024. The net proceeds
     from the Subscription is approximately RMB601.4 million.


     During the Reporting Period, our cash and cash equivalents consisted of cash at bank, net of restricted bank
     deposits. We had cash and cash equivalents of RMB1,528.8 million and RMB1,336.5 million as at December
     31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The decrease in our cash and cash equivalents primarily
     reflected our investment on financial assets


     As at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, the balance of our financial assets measured at FVPL was
     RMB633.7 million and RMB1,448.3 million, respectively. As at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024,
     the balance of our financial assets measured at amortized cost was RMB325.9 million and RMB284.0 million,
     respectively. Such increase was primarily because of the acquisition of wealth management products by the
     Company.


     Net Cash Used in/Generated from Operating Activities

     Our primary uses of cash during the Reporting Period were to fund our research and development activities,
     the construction of our research and development and manufacturing facilities, and purchase of equipment,
     machinery and intangible assets. We used net cash of RMB429.8 million in operating activities for the year
     ended December 31, 2024, compared to the net cash of RMB59.6 million generated from operating activities
     for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease in cash was primarily because of the increased
     investments in the on-going R&D projects of the Group and less payments received from MSD pursuant
     to our collaboration. During the Reporting Period, we financed our operations primarily through payments
     received in accordance with our license and collaboration agreements and proceeds from the Placing and the
     Subscription.


     Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any borrowings.


     The gearing ratio is calculated by using interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities less cash and cash
     equivalents, divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%. As at December 31, 2023 and December 31,
     2024, the Group had more cash and cash equivalents than interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities
     and thus, gearing ratio is not applicable.


     Net Current Assets

     The Group’s net current assets, as at December 31, 2024 were RMB2,683.0 million, representing an
     increase of 58.1% compared to RMB1,697.5 million as at December 31, 2023 primarily because of the net
     proceeds from the Placing and the Subscription and milestone payments received from MSD pursuant to our
     collaboration.




36     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Currency Risk

We are exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to cash and cash
equivalents and amounts due to related parties that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e., a currency
other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions related. The currencies giving
rise to this risk is primarily U.S. dollars. Any significant exchange rate fluctuations of U.S. dollars against RMB
may have a financial impact on us. Our management monitors our foreign currency risk exposure and will
review and adjust our hedging measures in accordance with our needs.


Pledge of Shares

We do not have any pledging of shares by our Controlling Shareholders.


Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals

As at December 31, 2024, we did not hold any significant investments. For the Reporting Period, we did not
have material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


Capital Expenditure

For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group’s total capital expenditure amounted to approximately
RMB81.1 million, which was mainly used in purchasing R&D instruments and equipment and factory
construction.


Charge on Assets

As at December 31, 2024, there was no charge on assets of the Group.


Contingent Liabilities

As at December 31, 2024, we did not have any contingent liabilities.


Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at December 31, 2024, we had 1,837 employees in total.


We enter into individual employment contracts with our employees covering matters such as salaries,
bonuses, employee benefits, workplace safety, confidentiality obligations, work product assignment clause
and grounds for termination. The remuneration package of our employees includes salary and bonus, which
are generally determined by their qualifications, performance review, and seniority. We also offer share
incentives and promotion opportunities to motivate our employees.


Future Investment Plans and Expected Funding

As of the date of this Annual Report, we are strategically pursuing investment and/or acquisition opportunities
to drive our long-term growth, and will make further announcements in accordance with the Listing Rules,
where applicable, if any investments and acquisition opportunities materialize.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      37
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


III. PROSPECTS
     In 2025, we continue to deepen the reform of our R&D innovation. Focusing on our strengths, we strive to
     increase efficiency, strengthen external cooperation, benchmark with the highest industry standards, enhance
     scientific decision-making capability, and maintain and expand our leading advantage in key technology areas
     such as pioneering projects and ADCs. Having established a product market-oriented mindset and facing
     unmet clinical needs, we have been developing innovative drugs with differentiated advantages and potential
     for internationalization in a targeted manner. Leveraging the application of big data and artificial intelligence,
     we have been strengthening our research capabilities on biology/small molecule and translational medicine
     to increase the success rate of innovative drug R&D. We will also enhance international cooperation on
     innovative drugs, accelerate cultivation of new competitive advantages and integrate into the innovative global
     drug network at a higher level to realize the value of innovative drugs in a broader space.


     Specifically, we intend to pursue the following development strategies: (i) advancing our differentiated pipelines
     targeting indications with significant medical needs; (ii) innovating on optimized payload-linker strategies,
     novel DC designs and structures, and expanded application to non-oncology diseases; (iii) enhancing our
     end-to-end drug development capabilities and advancing towards commercialization; (iv) expanding global
     footprints and strategic partnerships to maximize the value of our pipelines; and (v) optimizing our operation
     system to become a leading global biopharmaceutical company.


     (i) Advancing our differentiated pipelines targeting indications with significant medical needs

         In 2025, our main goal is to advance our pipeline of over 10 clinical-stage drug candidates. We plan to
         accelerate the clinical development process of our clinical stage drug candidates. We expect to continue
         to strengthen the establishment of our ADC and novel DC pipelines, promote the joint management of
         projects under collaboration with our partners and receive further milestone payments.


         Guided by our indication-oriented approach, we will continue to advance our clinical-stage and
         preclinical oncology assets to target cancer indications with high prevalence and medical needs,
         notably BC, NSCLC, GI cancers and gynecological tumors. We will also continue to build and expand
         our differentiated non-oncology drug portfolio to target indications with significant disease burden and
         medical needs including autoimmune and metabolic diseases, leveraging our competitive ADC, biologics
         and small-molecule technology platforms.


     (ii) Innovating on optimized payload-linker strategies, novel DC designs and structures, and
          expanded application to non-oncology diseases

         We are establishing novel DC designs to further advance our OptiDCTM portfolio via a multi-pronged
         strategy, including:


         Further replacement of chemo-based cancer therapies.

         •   Developing ADCs targeting novel targets and target combinations, such as (i) biparatopic antibodies
             that target different, non-overlapping binding sites on a single antigen to improve efficacy by
             promoting cellular uptake of an ADC; (ii) bsAbs that target two different antigens co-expressed on the
             same cancer cells to improve binding specificity toward cancer cells and reduce off-tumor toxicity;
             and (iii) TAA-IO bsAbs to enhance anti-tumor effect by simultaneously targeting TAA on tumor cells
             and IO antigen.




38     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •    Expanding payloads beyond common cytotoxic agents. In addition to new topoisomerase and tubulin
          inhibitors with optimized drug-like properties, DNA-damaging reagents and other novel cytotoxic
          agents and their combinations (dual-payload ADCs) are developed to deal with drug resistance and
          suboptimal therapeutic index of current ADC-based therapies.


     •    Optimizing our conjugation technologies to enable precise control of the positioning and number
          of conjugated payloads including dual payloads. To match the needs of constructing ADCs with
          appropriate drug load and types, and conjugating sites, we have developed site-specific conjugating
          technologies that allow precise control of DAR value, and this is realized via a practical and
          cost-effective CMC process without complicated antibody engineering or modification.


     Expansion into non-chemo-based cancer therapies.

     •    Developing novel DCs with diversified mechanisms of action other than cytotoxic mechanism, such
          as (i) RDCs that carry radioactive isotopes to cancer cells and represent a promising strategy to
          overcome drug resistance associated with traditional cytotoxin-based ADCs; (ii) iADCs that carry
          immune-modulators that stimulate innate and adaptive immune response to provide a robust and
          long-term anti-tumor effect; and (iii) DACs with targeted protein degraders that offer enhanced safety
          than cytotoxins by inducing specific protein degradation in tumor cells.


     Exploration beyond cancer.

     •    In addition to ADCs for treating cancers, we are developing ADCs configured with various novel,
          non-cytotoxic payload strategies for non-oncology diseases, such as ADCs with GR modulators as
          payloads to treat autoimmune diseases.


(iii) E n h a n c i n g o u r e n d - t o - e n d d r u g d e v e l o p m e n t c a p a b i l i t i e s a n d a d v a n c i n g t o w a r d s
      commercialization

     R&D . In addition to expanding our drug portfolio, we are dedicated to optimizing our R&D platforms and
     developing novel technologies to support the R&D of next-generation drugs. We continue to enhance
     our R&D capabilities by bringing in experienced professionals from around the world. In addition, we are
     paying close attention to AI-enabled drug discovery and plan to continue introducing AI into several R&D
     processes to further improve R&D efficiency, including novel target validation, drug discovery, synthesis
     pathway generation, prediction of drug properties and indication selection, and so on.


     Manufacturing and Quality Management . We will continue to expand our cGMP facilities to support
     commercialization needs. Going forward, we will continue to enhance our manufacturing capabilities,
     through expanding our in-house capacity or through collaborating with industry-recognized contract
     manufacturing organizations. Meanwhile, we strive to upgrade and improve our comprehensive
     quality management system, benchmarking against the highest international standards adopted by
     pharmaceutical multinational corporations, to ensure patient safety and regulatory compliance.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024            39
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        Commercialization . We have received marketing authorization for sac-TMT ( 佳 泰 萊 ®), tagitanlimab ( 科 泰
        萊 ®) and Cetuximab N01 ( 達 泰 萊 ®) and have commenced their commercialization. Based on the expected
        approval timeline of each late-stage project in our pipeline, and subject to regulatory communications
        and marketing approval, we expect to launch our Core Product trastuzumab botidotin ( 舒 泰 萊 ®13) in the
        China market and file an NDA for A400 in 2025. We have set up a fully-fledged commercialization team to
        prepare and implement the marketing and commercialization of our strategic products and have established
        a departmental structure within the Company, consisting of various departments such as Marketing,
        Commercial and Marketing Access, Medical Affairs, Sales, and Strategic Planning and Commercial Excellence.
        We will continue to refine our commercialization strategies for each late-stage drug candidate, first prioritizing
        therapeutic areas with medical needs in China, such as BC, NSCLC and GI cancers, while offering synergistic
        treatment options enabled by our diverse pipeline to optimize patient outcome. Globally, we will continue
        to pursue a flexible strategy to capture the commercial value in major international markets, through forging
        synergistic license and collaboration opportunities worldwide.


     (iv) Expanding global footprints and strategic partnerships to maximize the value of our pipelines

         Following the success of our existing license and collaboration agreements, we are actively exploring
         new partnership opportunities globally. We take a two-pronged business development approach to drive
         both our near– and long-term growth: for clinical-stage assets, we focus on forging partnerships with
         multinational corporations and leading domestic companies to accelerate our development timelines
         and maximize the commercial value of our pipeline; for early-stage assets and drug discovery, we
         seek co-development opportunities that enable us to explore new therapeutic areas and cutting-edge
         modalities and augment our technology platforms. Meanwhile, we are closely monitoring global
         opportunities to in-license new drug candidates and innovative technologies that could bring strategic
         synergies to our pipeline and technology platforms. We will consider whether to retain the Greater China
         commercial rights of, or fully out-license, our assets as we evaluate opportunities on a case by case
         basis. We are also committed to enhancing our collaborations with key opinion leaders, top hospitals and
         academic institutions, in China and globally, to ensure our timely access to cutting-edge research and
         support our existing and future pipeline.


     (v) Optimizing our operation system to become a leading global biopharmaceutical company

         We are continuously reviewing and optimizing our internal procedures, particularly our R&D management
         process, to enhance operational efficiency and support our growth as a fully-fledged biopharmaceutical
         company. We also aim to attract and recruit outstanding scientific, marketing and managerial personnel
         to join our talent pool, in order to maintain our competitiveness in a rapidly evolving industry.


         Meanwhile, we are actively seeking opportunities to expand our global footprint and raise international
         brand awareness. As our business continues to grow, we will adhere to our mission to address major
         medical needs in China and globally, and to bring world-class treatments, and a healthier and happier life,
         to all patients.




13
     Trade name to be approved by NMPA.




40     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
        DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

DIRECTORS

Chairman of the Board and non-executive Director

Mr. LIU Gexin ( 劉 革 新 ), aged 74, was appointed as a Director and the chairman of the Board in November
2016 and March 2022, respectively. He was redesignated as our non-executive Director on February 15, 2023.
He is mainly responsible for overseeing the management and strategic development of the Group.


Mr. Liu is the founder of Kelun Pharmaceutical and has served as the chairman of Kelun Pharmaceutical since
its establishment. From November 2020 to October 2022, he served as a director of Kelun Research Institute.
In addition, Mr. Liu currently has also held positions in a number of subsidiaries of Kelun Group, including (i) the
secretary of the Party committee and chairman of Sichuan Kelun Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 倫 實 業 集 團 有
限 公 司); (ii) the chairman of Chengdu Qingshan Likang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (成 都 青 山 利 康 藥 業 有 限 公 司); (iii)
the chairman of Yili Chuanning Biotechnology Co., Ltd. ( 伊 犁 川 寧 生 物 技 術 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed
on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 301301); and (iv) a director of Chengdu Huaxi Clinical Research
Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 華 西 臨 床 研 究 中 心 有 限 公 司 ); and (v) the chairman of Zhejiang Kelun Everyoung Health Industry
Co., Ltd. ( 浙 江 科 倫 永 年 大 健 康 產 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 ).


Mr. Liu obtained his master’s degree in cardiovascular pharmacology from Chongqing Medical College ( 重 慶
醫 學 院 ) (currently known as Chongqing Medical University ( 重 慶 醫 科 大 學 )) in China in June 1984. Mr. Liu
also obtained his another master’s degree in political economics from Southwest Normal University ( 西 南 師
範 大 學 ) (currently known as Southwest University ( 西 南 大 學 )) in China in July 2003. Mr. Liu has received a
series of awards and recognition, including (i) the National Model Worker ( 全 國 勞 動 模 範 ) by The State Council,
PRC ( 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 國 務 院 ) in May 2005; (ii) the honorary title of “Outstanding Communist Party Member
in Earthquake Relief” ( 抗 震 救 災 優 秀 共 產 黨 員 ) by Sichuan Provincial Committee of the CPC and Chengdu
Municipal Committee in 2008; (iii) an “Outstanding Builder of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics” ( 優 秀 中
國 特 色 社 會 主 義 建 設 者 ) by the United Front Work Department of the CPC Central Committee, the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the State
Administration for Industry and Commerce and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce in 2009; (iv)
the “Medal in Commemoration of the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China” ( 慶 祝 中 華 人 民 共 和
國 成 立 70 週 年 紀 念 章 ) by the CPC Central Committee, the State Council and the Central Military Commission in
2019; (v) a member of the Party Committee of the Economic and Information Technology Industry Committee of
the CPC Sichuan Province ( 中 共 四 川 省 經 濟 和 信 息 化 行 業 委 員 會 ) in April 2023; and (vi) a deputy director of
the Standardisation Technical Committee of the China National Health Association ( 中 國 民 族 衛 生 協 會 標 準 化
技 術 委 員 會 ) in November 2024. Mr. LIU Gexin is the father of Mr. LIU Sichuan, a non-executive Director.


Executive Director

Dr. GE Junyou ( 葛 均 友 ), aged 53, was appointed as a Director in February 2022. He was redesignated as our
executive Director on February 15, 2023. Dr. Ge was appointed as the Chief Operation Officer of the Company
in February 2021 and the general manager of the Company in March 2022. He is mainly responsible for overall
corporate and business strategies of our Group and making key business and operational decisions of our Group.
Dr. Ge has also served as a director and the Chief Executive Officer of KLUS PHARMA in US since December
2021, an executive director and manager of Sichuan Konas since November 2021, a director of the National
Engineering Research Center for Biotargeted Drug ( 生 物 靶 向 藥 物 國 家 工 程 研 究 中 心 ) since April 2022,
executive director and manager of Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Targeted Biologics Engineering Research Center Co.,
Ltd. ( 四 川 科 倫 博 泰 生 物 靶 向 藥 物 工 程 研 究 中 心 有 限 公 司 ) since March 2023, director and general manager
of Kelun-Biotech (Hong Kong) Co. Ltd. since October 2023 and a director of Kelun Pharmaceutical since May
2024.

                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     41
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Ge has been engaged in the R&D of innovative drugs, manufacturing and quality control, and corporate
management in the pharmaceutical industry at home and abroad for about 30 years. The companies he has
worked for include Shanghai Yan’an Pharmaceutical Factory ( 上 海 延 安 製 藥 廠 ), Boehringer Ingelheim ( 勃 林 格 殷
格 翰 ), Zhejiang Hisun ( 浙 江 海 正 藥 業 600267.SH) and Ratiopharm GmbH. Dr. Ge joined Kelun Pharmaceutical
in June 2007 and served as a deputy general manager from July 2009 to February 2021, where he was mainly
responsible for leading the quality management of Kelun Group. As a top cGMP expert in China, he participated in
the revision, drafting, and review of the new Chinese GMP regulations, related guidelines and guiding principles,
and co-authored five Professional Publications on GMP.


Dr. Ge obtained his bachelor’s degree in pharmacy from Shanghai Medical School ( 上 海 醫 科 大 學 ) (currently
known as Shanghai Medical College Fudan University ( 復 旦 大 學 上 海 醫 學 院 )) in China in July 1994. He obtained
his master’s degree in pharmaceutical engineering from East China University of Science and Technology ( 華 東 理
工 大 學) in November 2008. He also obtained his doctoral degree in Biology and Medicine from Fudan University (復
旦 大 學 ) in January 2017.


Dr. Ge is currently a standing committee member of the Sichuan Association for Science and Technology,
a visiting professor at the Institute of Executive Development of NMPA, an expert reviewer of science and
technology projects for the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People’s Republic of China, a member
of the Peer Review Expert Panel for the Hong Kong Innovation and Technology Commission, a Council
Member of China Center for International Economic Exchanges, a member of the Pharmaceutical Inspection
Quality Management Professional Committee of Chinese Pharmaceutical Association, a member of Antitumor
Pharmaceuticals Professional Committee of Chinese Pharmaceutical Association, Vice President of the China
Quality Association for Pharmaceuticals, and a director of the Hong Kong Association of Overseas-Returned
Scholars, etc.


Non-executive Directors

Mr. LIU Sichuan ( 劉 思 川 ), aged 41, was appointed as a Director in November 2016. He was redesignated as
our non-executive Director on February 15, 2023. He is mainly responsible for overseeing the management and
strategic development of the Group.


Mr. Liu joined Kelun Pharmaceutical and served as the assistant of chairman in 2007. He has been serving as a
director of Kelun Pharmaceutical since May 2009 and general manager of Kelun Pharmaceutical since September
2015. Currently he has also held positions in a number of subsidiaries of Kelun Group, including (i) a director
of Chengdu Qingshan Likang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 青 山 利 康 藥 業 有 限 公 司 ) since June 2012; (ii) a
director of Sichuan Kelun Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 倫 實 業 集 團 有 限 公 司 ) since September 2016; (iii) a
manager and executive director of Chengdu Kelun Chuaicai Enterprise Management Co., Ltd ( 成 都 科 倫 川 智 企
業 管 理 有 限 公 司 ) since May 2020; (iv) a director of Yili Chuanning Biotechnology Co., Ltd. ( 伊 犁 川 寧 生 物 技 術
股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 301301), since June 2020; (v) a
manager and executive director of Chengdu Kelun Jingchuan Technology Co., Ltd. (成 都 科 倫 晶 川 科 技 有 限 公 司)
since November 2021; (vi) a manager and executive director of Chengdu Kelun Chuancai Enterprise Management
Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 科 倫 川 才 企 業 管 理 有 限 公 司 ) since December 2021; and (vii) a director of China Resources
Kelun (Sichuan) Medicine Limited ( 華 潤 科 倫 醫 藥（四 川）有 限 公 司 ) since September 2023.




42     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                               DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Liu obtained his master’s degree in international business from the University of Leeds in the United Kingdom
in August 2007. Mr. Liu has received a series of awards and recognition, including (i) the “May Day Labour
Medal of Hunan Province” ( 湖 南 省 五 一 勞 動 獎 章 ) awarded in 2014; (ii) the “Title of Outstanding Entrepreneur
in Hunan Province” (“ 湖 南 省 優 秀 企 業 家 稱 號 ”) issued by Hunan Provincial Committee of the CPC and the
People’s Government of Sichuan Province (中 共 湖 南 省 委、湖 南 省 人 民 政 府) on January 2018; (iii) the “National
Advanced Individual in Fighting the COVID-19” (“ 全 國 抗 擊 新 冠 肺 炎 疫 情 先 進 個 人 ”) issued by CPC Central
Committee, The State Council, PRC and the Military Commission of the CPC Central Committee ( 黨 中 央、國 務
院、中 央 軍 委 ) in September 2020; (iv) the “4th Outstanding Non-Public Economic Contributor of Business in
Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in Hunan Province” ( 第 四 屆 湖 南 省 非 公 有 制 經 濟 人 士 優 秀 中 國 特 色 社
會 主 義 事 業 建 設 者 ) awarded in 2021; and (v) the title of “the 4th Outstanding Contributor to the Development of
Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in Sichuan Province” ( 第 四 屆 四 川 省 優 秀 中 國 特 色 社 會 主 義 事 業 建 設
者 ) awarded in 2023. Mr. LIU Sichuan is the son of Mr. LIU Gexin, the chairman of the Board and non-executive
Director.


Mr. LAI Degui ( 賴 德 貴 ), aged 54, was appointed as a Director in June 2024. He is mainly responsible for overseeing
the management and strategic development of the Group.


Mr. Lai has served as (i) a deputy general manager and financial director of Kelun Pharmaceutical since October
2014; (ii) a supervisor of Chengdu Kelun Chuanzhi Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 科 倫 川 智 企 業 管 理
有 限 公 司 ) since May 2020; (iii) an executive director of Zhejiang Keyun IOT Technology Co., Ltd. ( 浙 江 科 運 物
聯 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) since December 2020; (iv) an executive director and general manager of Shanxi Keyun IOT
Technology Co., Ltd. ( 山 西 科 運 物 聯 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) since May 2021; and (v) an executive director and general
manager of Sichuan Kezhi IOT Technology Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 志 物 聯 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) since October 2021; (vi) an
executive director (not any more since June 2024) and general manager of Sichuan Keyuntong Technology Co.,
Ltd.( 四 川 科 運 通 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) since June 2023; (vii) an executive director (not any more since June 2024) and
general manager Sichuan Keyuntong Logistics Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 運 通 物 流 有 限 公 司 ) since June 2023; and (viii)
the director of Zhejiang Kelun Everyoung Health Industry Co., Ltd. ( 浙 江 科 倫 永 年 大 健 康 產 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 )
since November 2024.


Mr. Lai received a diploma of accounting from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics ( 西 南 財 經 大
學 ) through on-the-job learning in January 2013, and received a Master’s degree in business management from
Tsinghua University ( 清 華 大 學 ) in June 2023.


Mr. FENG Hao ( 馮 昊 ), aged 45, was appointed as a Director in February 2021. He was redesignated as our
non-executive Director on February 15, 2023. He is mainly responsible for overseeing the management and
strategic development of the Group.


Mr. Feng has been serving as a deputy general manager and secretary of board of directors of Kelun
Pharmaceutical since April 2014. He served as a director of Zhejiang Kelun Everyoung Health Industry Co., Ltd.
( 浙 江 科 倫 永 年 大 健 康 產 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) since November 2024, and a manager of Zhejiang Kelun Everyoung
Health Industry Co., Ltd. ( 浙 江 科 倫 永 年 大 健 康 產 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) from November 2024 to March 2025.


Mr. Feng successively served as a tutor at the School of Economics at Huazhong University of Science and Technology
( 華中科技大學 ), an analyst at the Actuarial Division of Taiping Life Insurance Company Limited ( 太平人壽保險有限公
司 ), an actuarial advisory consultant at Watson Wyatt Consultancy (Shanghai) Ltd. ( 上海華信惠悅（諮詢）有限責任公
司 ), a senior manager at the investment banking division of Ping An Securities Limited ( 平安證券有限責任公司 ) and a
business director at the investment banking division of Sinolink Securities Co. Ltd ( 國金證券股份有限公司 ).


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024     43
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Feng obtained his master’s degree in financial mathematics from Heriot-Watt University in the United Kingdom
in November 2005. Mr. Feng has received a series of awards and recognition including the 2022 and 2023 5A
Rating for Duty Performance of Board Secretary of Listed Companies (2022 及 2023 上 市 公 司 董 事 會 秘 書 履 職
5A評 級) by China Association for Public Companies (中 國 上 市 公 司 協 會) on December 12, 2022 and December 6,
2023, respectively.


Mr. ZENG Xuebo ( 曾 學 波 ), aged 40, was appointed as a Director in July 2022. He was redesignated as our
non-executive Director on February 15, 2023. He is mainly responsible for overseeing the management and
strategic development of the Group.


Formerly he served as a manager and was then promoted as a director of Shenzhen Zhongyi Yingtai Venture
Capital Co., Ltd. ( 深 圳 中 逸 盈 泰 創 業 投 資 有 限 公 司 ). From June 2015 to July 2016, he served as a deputy
director of Shenzhen Investment Holdings Donghai Investment Co., Ltd. ( 深 圳 投 控 東 海 投 資 有 限 公 司 ). From
August 2016 to October 2020, he served as a director and was then promoted as a vice president of Aiqi Venture
Capital Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. ( 愛 奇 創 業 投 資 管 理（ 深 圳 ）有 限 公 司 ). He has served as a vice
president of Zhuhai Hexie Zhuorui Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 珠 海 和 諧 卓 睿 私 募 基 金 管 理 有
限 公 司 ) (formerly “Hexie Zhuorui (Zhuhai) Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 和 諧 卓 睿（珠 海）投 資 管 理 有 限 公
司 )”) from November 2020 to February 2024 and was then promoted as a managing director since March 2024.
From January 2022 to September 2023, he served as a director of Hang Zhou Sciwind Biosciences Co., Ltd. ( 杭
州 先 為 達 生 物 科 技 有 限 公 司 ).


Currently he also holds positions in various companies, including (i) a director of Shandong Bestcomm
Pharmaceutical Company Limited ( 山 東 百 諾 醫 藥 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), since January 2018; (ii) a director of Shanghai
Model Organisms Center, Inc. ( 上 海 南 方 模 式 生 物 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (stock code: 688265), since September 2022; (iii) a director of Chiral Quest (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (凱
瑞 斯 德 生 化（蘇 州）有 限 公 司 ), since December 2022; (iv) a director of Jiangxi Longlife Bio-pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. ( 江 西 隆 萊 生 物 製 藥 有 限 公 司 ), since February 2023; (v) a director of Suzhou Pengxu Pharmatech Co., Ltd.
( 蘇 州 鵬 旭 醫 藥 科 技 有 限 公 司 ), since February 2023; (vi) an independent director of CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
a company listed on NASDAQ (stock code: CASI), since March 2023; (vii) a director of Zhejiang Ablaze Health
Technology Co., Ltd (浙 江 艾 比 奧 健 康 科 技 有 限 公 司), since March 2023; and (viii) a director of ZenCore (Cayman)
Limited, since November 2023; (ix) a non-executive director of Chengdu Pukangweixin Biotechnology Technology
Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 普 康 唯 新 生 物 科 技 有 限 公 司 ), since May 2024; and(x) a non-executive Director of Sunshine
Lake Pharma Co., Ltd. ( 廣 東 東 陽 光 藥 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), since December 2024.


Mr. Zeng obtained his bachelor’s degree in pharmacy from Qinghai Minzu University ( 青 海 民 族 大 學 ) in China in
July 2009.


Mr. LI Dongfang ( 李 東 方 ), aged 38, was appointed as a Director in February 2022. He was redesignated as
our non-executive Director on February 15, 2023. He is mainly responsible for overseeing the management and
strategic development of the Group.




44    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                               DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


From August 2011 to March 2015, Mr. Li served as an analyst of Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. He has been
serving as an executive director of SDIC Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 國 投 招 商 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 )
since August 2015, where he is responsible for equity investment, a director of EpimAb Biotherapeutics Inc.
since June 2016; a director of Suzhou Ribo Life Science Co., Ltd. ( 蘇 州 瑞 博 生 物 技 術 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) since
October 2018; a director of Zylox-Tonbridge Medical Technology Co., Ltd. ( 歸 創 通 橋 醫 療 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ),
a company listed on Stock Exchange (stock code: 2190), since May 2022; a director of Hainan Simcere Zaiming
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 海 南 先 聲 再 明 醫 藥 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) since July 2024.


Mr. Li obtained his bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in electronic commerce and finance from University of
International Business and Economics ( 對 外 經 濟 貿 易 大 學 ) in China in July 2009 and July 2011, respectively.
He has been a Chartered Financial Analyst since June 2015.


Independent Non-executive Directors

Dr. ZHENG Qiang ( 鄭 強 ), aged 64, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on February 15,
2023 with effect from July 2023. He is mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the
operation and management of our Group.


Dr. Zheng joined the Peking University ( 北 京 大 學 ) in 2005, and served as a professor and doctoral supervisor in
industrial engineering and management in Peking University ( 北 京 大 學 ) until his retirement on January 27, 2024.


Dr. Zheng obtained his bachelor’s degree in physics from Peking University ( 北 京 大 學 ) in China in July 1983. Dr.
Zheng obtained his master’s degree in physics from Graduate School of Chinese Academy of Sciences ( 中 國 科
學 院 研 究 生 院 ) (currently known as University of Chinese Academy of Sciences ( 中 國 科 學 院 大 學 ) in China in
August 1986. He also obtained his doctoral degree in physics from Temple University in the United States in June
1989.


Dr. TU Wenwei ( 涂 文 偉 ), aged 59, as appointed as an independent non-executive Director on February 15,
2023 with effect from July 2023. He is mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the
operation and management of our Group.


Dr. Tu successively served as a lecturer and attending doctor at the department of paediatrics of Children’s
Hospital, Chongqing Medical University ( 重 慶 醫 科 大 學 附 屬 兒 童 醫 院 ) and a postdoctoral researcher fellow
in the department of pediatrics at the Stanford University School of Medicine in the United States before 2006.
Dr. Tu has served as a professor in the department of paediatrics & adolescent medicine, Li Ka Shing Faculty of
Medicine at The University of Hong Kong (the “HKU”) since June 2015. Dr. Tu also held various positions, such as
the assistant dean of the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine since October 2011 and an associate professor since
June 2009 at the department of paediatrics & adolescent medicine since joining HKU in 2006.


Dr. Tu obtained his bachelor’s and master’s degrees in medicine sciences from Chongqing Medical University
( 重 慶 醫 科 大 學 ) in the PRC in July 1989 and December 1992, respectively. He obtained his doctoral degree in
philosophy from HKU in December 1999. Dr. Tu has received a series of awards including several Prize of Science
and Technology Progress ( 科 技 進 步 獎 ). He was also recognized as a Changjiang scholar chair professor in
pediatrics ( 長 江 學 者 講 座 教 授（兒 科 )) by Ministry of Education of PRC ( 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 教 育 部 ) in April 2016.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    45
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. JIN Jinping ( 金 錦 萍 ), aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on February 15,
2023 with effect from July 2023. She is mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on
the operation and management of our Group.


Dr. Jin serves as an associate professor in the Law School, Peking University ( 北 京 大 學 ). She has been serving
as an independent director of China Automotive Engineering Research Institute Co., Ltd. ( 中 國 汽 車 工 程 研 究
院 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601965), since January
2020, and an independent non-executive Director of Horizon Construction Development Limited ( 宏 信 建 設 發 展
有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 9930), since May 2021. Dr. Jin served as an
independent director of Beijing WKW Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. ( 北 京 威 卡 威 汽 車 零 部 件 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a
company listed on the main board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002662) from January 2014 to
May 2020, and an independent director of Beijing Oriental Jicheng Co., Ltd. ( 北 京 東 方 中 科 集 成 科 技 股 份 有 限
公 司 ), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002819) from July 2018 to June 2024.


Dr. Jin obtained a bachelor’s degree in economic law from Peking University ( 北 京 大 學 ) in the PRC in July 1995,
a master’s degree in civil and commercial law from Peking University in July 2001, and a doctorate degree in
civil and commercial law from Peking University in June 2004. Dr. Jin obtained a lawyer qualification granted by
the Ministry of Justice of the PRC in June 1997 and higher education teacher qualification granted by the Beijing
Municipal Education Commission in December 2008. Dr. Jin has served as a director of the China Red Cross
Foundation since September 2016.


Dr. LI Yuedong ( 李 越 冬 ), aged 48, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on February 15,
2023 with effect from July 2023. She is mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on
the operation and management of our Group.


Dr. Li joined the Southwestern University of Finance and Economics ( 西 南 財 經 大 學 ) in 2004 and she has been
serving as a doctoral supervisor in Auditing in Southwestern University of Finance and Economics ( 西 南 財 經 大
學 ) since January 2022. She has been serving as (i) an independent director of Chengdu Sino Microelectronics
Technology Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 華 微 電 子 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
in January 2024 (stock code: 688709), since September 2021; (ii) an independent director of Ya’an Baitu High
Tech Materials Co., Ltd. ( 雅 安 百 圖 高 新 材 料 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) since September 2022; (iii) an independent
director of Chengdu Zhimingda Electronics Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 智 明 達 電 子 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed
on Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688636), since November 2022; (iv) an independent director of
Chengdu Shengbang Seals Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 盛 幫 密 封 件 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 301233), since November 2022; (v) an external supervisor of Sichuan Beichuan
Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 北 川 農 村 商 業 銀 行 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) since December 2023; and (vi)
an independent non-executive director of Honghua Group Limited ( 宏 華 集 團 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 196) since June 2024. In addition, Dr. Li also served as (i) an
independent director of Kelun Pharmaceutical from June 2015 to June 2021; (ii) an independent director of
Chengdu Hi-Tech Development Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 高 新 發 展 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 000628) from June 2015 to June 2022; (iii) an independent director of Sichuan
Fengsheng Paper Technology Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 鳳 生 紙 業 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) from December 2019 to December
2022; and (iv) an independent director of Sichuan Neautus Traditional Chinese Medicine Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 新 荷 花
中 藥 飲 片 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) from January 2020 to February 2023; (v) an independent director of Chengdu Leejun
Industrial Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 利 君 實 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock
code: 002651) from July 2021 to May 2024.


46    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Li obtained her bachelor’s degree in economics from Chongqing Business College ( 重 慶 商 學 院 ) (currently
known as Chongqing Technology and Business University ( 重 慶 工 商 大 學 ) in China in July 2000. Dr. Li obtained
her master’s degree in accountancy from Georgia College & State University in the United States in May 2004.
She also obtained her doctoral degree in business administration from Southwestern University of Finance and
Economics ( 西 南 財 經 大 學 ) in China in January 2011, completed the joint post-doctoral program between
the National Audit Office of China ( 中 國 審 計 署 ) and Peking University in 2015 and served as a research fellow
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW) in 2021. Dr. Li was appointed as an
external doctoral supervisor for the DBA at Lyon Business School, France, in July 2022 and was certified as a
public accountant by the Guam Board of Accountancy, the United States, in August 2015. She also participated
numerous times in United Nations audit projects of the National Audit Office of China and completed audit training
course in the United Nations in June 2020. Dr. Li has received a series of awards and recognition. She was
recognized as an internationalized high-end accounting talent ( 國 際 化 高 端 會 計 人 才 ) by Ministry of Finance of
the PRC ( 中 國 財 政 部 ) in December 2021.


SUPERVISORS

Ms. LIAO Yihong (廖 益 虹), aged 46, was appointed as a Supervisor in February 2022. She is mainly responsible
for supervising the performance of duties by Directors and senior management.


Ms. Liao served as: (i) the chief director of audit of Kelun Pharmaceutical from December 2014 to April 2022, and
was promoted as a deputy general manager of Kelun Pharmaceutical in April 2022; (ii) the supervisor of Chengdu
Kelun Chuancai Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 科 倫 川 才 企 業 管 理 有 限 公 司 ) since December 2021; (iii)
the director and chairwoman of the board of Sichuan Kelun Doosan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 倫 鬥 山 生
物 技 術 有 限 公 司 ) since February 2023; and (iv) the chairwoman of the supervisory committee of Zhejiang Kelun
Everyoung Health Industry Co., Ltd. ( 浙 江 科 倫 永 年 大 健 康 產 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) since November 2024.


From August 2002 to September 2006, Ms. Liao served as a senior auditor in Shenzhen branch of
PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhongtian Certified Public Accountants (special general partnership) ( 普 華 永 道 中 天 會
計 師 事 務 所（特 殊 普 通 合 夥 )). From September 2006 to November 2014, she served as an audit manager in the
Chengdu branch of KPMG Consulting (China) Co., Ltd. ( 畢 馬 威 企 業 諮 詢（中 國）有 限 公 司 ).


Ms. Liao obtained her bachelor’s degree in accounting from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies ( 廣 東 外 語
外 貿 大 學 ) in China in June 2002. She obtained her master’s degree in accounting from Tsinghua University ( 清
華 大 學 ) through on-the-job learning in China in June 2021.


Dr. SONG Hongmei ( 宋 宏 梅 ), aged 43, was appointed as a Supervisor in March 2021. She is mainly responsible for
supervising the performance of duties by Directors and senior management. Dr. Song joined our Group in May 2019
and has served as our vice president of R&D.


From November 2012 to December 2014, Dr. Song successively served as a team leader of biological R&D and
an assistant director of biology at HitGen Inc. ( 成 都 先 導 藥 物 開 發 有 限 公 司 ), where she was mainly responsible
for hit screening and activity evaluation, and project and team management. From January 2015 to November
2017, she successively served as a project manager and a vice minister of pharmacology department of Kelun
Research Institute. From December 2017 to May 2019, she served as the head of innovation center of Kelun
Research Institute. She served as a supervisor of Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Targeted Biologics Engineering Research
Center Co., Ltd. since March 2023.


                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     47
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Song obtained her bachelor’s degree in bioscience from Sichuan Agricultural University ( 四 川 農 業 大 學 )
in China in June 2005. She obtained her master’s degree in biochemistry and molecular biology from Sichuan
University ( 四 川 大 學 ) in China in June 2010. She obtained her doctoral degree in biomedical engineering from
Sichuan University ( 四 川 大 學 ) in China in December 2012.


Ms. YANG Qiuyan ( 楊 秋 艷 ), aged 41, joined our Company as the head of production management department
in August 2017 and was appointed as a Supervisor in March 2022. She is mainly responsible for supervising the
performance of duties by Directors and senior management.


She served as a project manager of the microbiology research team and a deputy minister of biopharmaceuticals
of Kelun Research Institute from July 2010 to June 2013 and from June 2013 to August 2017, respectively. She
has been the deputy director of the production center of the Company from January 2024.


Ms. Yang obtained her bachelor’s and master’s degree in biological engineering and biochemical engineering
from Sichuan University ( 四 川 大 學 ) in China in July 2007 and June 2010, respectively.


Dr. QING Yan ( 卿      燕 ), aged 42, joined our Company as a vice president of the clinical research center in
January 2021 and was appointed as a Supervisor in March 2022. She is mainly responsible for supervising the
performance of duties by Directors and senior management.


From November 2012 to December 2020, she was a director of the medical information center of Kelun
Research Institute, where she was mainly responsible for innovative small molecules, imitation projects, pipeline
construction.


Dr. Qing obtained her bachelor’s and master’s in clinical medicine from Tongji Medical College of Huazhong
University of Science and Technology ( 華 中 科 技 大 學 同 濟 醫 學 院 ) in China in June 2007 and June 2009,
respectively. Dr. Qing obtained her doctoral degree in occupational hygiene and environmental hygiene (direction
of toxicology) from Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology ( 華 中 科 技 大 學 同
濟 醫 學 院 ) in China in June 2012.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. GE Junyou ( 葛 均 友 ), aged 53, is our executive Director and general manager. For details of his biography,
please refer to the sub-section headed “Executive Director” in this report.


Mr. FENG Yi ( 馮     毅 ), aged 61, was appointed as our deputy general manager and chief strategy officer in
March 2021. He joined our Group as a senior vice president in December 2020. He is mainly responsible for the
management of strategic planning of R&D and clinical development of our Group.


Mr. Feng formerly served as an assistant of the director of Center of Drug Evaluation, NMPA ( 國 家 藥 品 監 督 管
理 局 藥 品 審 評 中 心 ). From February 2014 to December 2015, he served as a senior consultant at China Office
of Covington & Burling Law Firm ( 美 國 科 文 頓 柏 靈 律 師 事 務 所 中 國 代 表 處 ), where he was mainly responsible
for drug regulations. From January 2016 to August 2018, he served as the president of Greater China of Fountain
Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. ( 方 恩 醫 藥 有 限 公 司 ) (currently known as Clinchoice Inc. ( 昆 翎 醫 藥 )), where he was
mainly responsible for leading and managing company. From November 2018 to November 2020, he served as
senior vice dean and chief strategy officer of Kelun Research Institute.


48     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Feng obtained his bachelor’s degree in aviation medicine from The Fourth Military Medical University of the
Chinese People’s Liberation Army ( 中 國 人 民 解 放 軍 第 四 軍 醫 大 學 ) in China in July 1987. He obtained his
master’s degree in radio medicine from Chinese People’s Liberation Army Academy of Military Medical Sciences
( 中 國 人 民 解 放 軍 軍 事 醫 學 科 學 院 ) in China in July 1996. He was recognized as the model staff ( 工 作 標 兵 ) by
Center for Drug Evaluation, Ministry of Health, PRC ( 中 華 人 民 衛 生 部 藥 品 審 評 中 心 ) in January 2001.


Dr. ZHANG Yiwei ( 張 一 偉 ), aged 70, was appointed as our deputy general manager in March 2022. He joined
our Group in January 2018 as the director of quality management, and was promoted to senior director in March
2020. He is mainly responsible for the management of manufacturing, quality analysis and management of our
Group.


From October 1990 to August 1991, Dr. Zhang was a visiting scientist of Department of Pure and Applied Biology,
The University of Leeds. From August 1995 to May 2007, he served as a postdoctoral fellow and associate
researcher of Department of Pathology, Albert Einstein College of Medicine. From June 2007 to October 2008, he
served as a quality control scientist of ImClone System, Inc., a company focusing on biopharmaceuticals, where
he was mainly responsible for quality control of biomacromolecule drugs. From November 2008 to December
2017, he served as a senior scientist of Eli Lilly and Company, a pharmaceutical company listed on the New
York Stock Exchange (stock code: LLY), where he was mainly responsible for quality control and technology
development of biomacromolecule drugs.


Dr. Zhang obtained his bachelor’ degree in medicine from Chongqing Medical College ( 重 慶 醫 學 院 ) (currently
known as Chongqing Medical University ( 重 慶 醫 科 大 學 )) in China in July 1984. He obtained his doctoral degree
in theoretical and applied biology from University of Leeds in the United Kingdom in October 1995. Dr. Zhang
was awarded the first prize of academy of science and technology ( 院 科 技 壹 等 獎 ) by Sichuan Academy of
Medical Sciences, PRC ( 中 國 四 川 省 醫 學 科 學 院 ) in December 1989 and the third prize of Sichuan Science and
Technology Progress Award in 1989 (1989 年 度 四 川 省 科 學 技 術 進 步 獎 三 等 獎 ) by the People’ Government of
Sichuan Province ( 四 川 省 人 民 政 府 ) in April 1990.


Dr. TAN Xiangyang ( 譚 向 陽 ), aged 63, was appointed as our deputy general manager and chief scientific
officer of biologics’ research and development (now chief scientific officer of large molecule) in July 2021. He is
mainly responsible for the management of preclinical research and business development of our Group.


From June 1990 to December 1992, he served as a researcher of Wuhan Institute of Biological Products, Ministry
of Health ( 衛 生 部 武 漢 生 物 製 品 研 究 所 ). From July 1995 to June 1996, he served as a postdoctoral researcher
of Harvard Medical School. From January 1998 to January 2008, he served as a principal scientist of Wyeth, LLC.
From January 2008 to January 2009, he served as a principal scientist of Pfizer Inc., a company listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (stock code: PFE). From February 2009 to November 2015, he served as a principal
scientist of Biogen Inc., a company listed on the NASDAQ (stock code: BIIB). From January 2016 to July 2017,
he served as a department head of Apbro Corporation, a company listed on the NASDAQ (stock code: ABP).
From July 2017 to May 2019, he served as a vice president of Harbour BioMed Shanghai Co., Led. ( 和 鉑 醫 藥
（上 海）有 限 責 任 公 司 ), a subsidiary of HBM Holdings Limited ( 和 鉑 醫 藥 控 股 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on
the Stock Exchange (stock code: 02142). From August 2019 to February 2021, he worked in 4B Technologies
(Suzhou) Co., Ltd. ( 福 貝 生 物 科 技（蘇 州）公 司 ) with his last position as a vice president of the R&D department.
From March 2021 to July 2021, he served as a senior vice president of Duality Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. ( 映
恩 生 物 製 藥（ 蘇 州 ）有 限 公 司 ), where he was mainly responsible for formulation and implementation of the
technology platform for preclinical innovative drug.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024     49
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Tan obtained his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Harbin Medical University ( 哈 爾 濱 醫 科 大 學 ) in
China in August 1983. He obtained his master’s degree in microbiology and immunology from Wuhan Institute of
Biological Products ( 衛 生 部 武 漢 生 物 製 品 研 究 所 ) in China in December 1988. He obtained his doctoral degree
in cell and molecular biology from Manchester Metropolitan University in the United Kingdom in November 2007.


Dr. YU Wensheng ( 俞 文 勝 ), aged 58, joined our Company in August 2024, and was appointed as our deputy
general manager and chief scientific officer of small molecule in December 2024. He is mainly responsible for the
R&D and management of small molecule R&D center of our Company.


From July 1992 to July 1997, Dr. Yu did research work at Chengdu Institute of Biology, Chinese Academy of
Science. Afterwards, he entered into pharmaceutical industry for the R&D and management of innovative drug.
From August 2001 to April 2021, he successively served as the Senior Scientist, Associate Principal Scientist,
Principal Scientist (Director) and Asian head in medicinal chemistry at Merck & Co. USA. From May 2021 to June
2024, he served as the deputy general manager and chemistry VP at Shanghai Hansoh Biomedical Technology
Company Limited ( 上 海 翰 森 生 物 医 药 科 技 有 限 公 司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hansoh Pharmaceutical
Group Company Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3692).


Dr. Yu obtained his bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Lanzhou University ( 蘭 州 大 學 ) in June 1989. He
obtained his master’s degree in phytochemistry from the Chengdu Institute of Biology, Chinese Academy of
Science ( 中 國 科 學 院 成 都 生 物 研 究 所 ) in June 1992. He obtained his doctoral degree in medicinal chemistry
from the University of Iowa in USA in July 2001.


Dr. JIN Xiaoping ( 金 小 平 ), aged 49, was appointed as our deputy general manager and chief medical officer in
September 2021. He is mainly responsible for the management of clinical development of our Group.


From July 2005 to June 2014, he served as the staff biostatistician of a pharmaceutical company Daiichi Sankyo
Inc. ( 第 一 三 共 株 式 會 社 ) and participated in the clinical studies of new oncological medicine indications. He
then served as the scientific director of pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca Biopharmaceutical Company, a
company listed on the London Stock Exchange (stock code: AZN), OMX Nordic Exchange (currently known as
NASDAQ OMX Group) (stock code: AZN) and New York Stock Exchange (stock code: AZN) from June 2014
to April 2017, and was responsible for setting clinical trial strategies to identify indications, designing clinical
trials, managing clinical trials and analyzing relevant clinical data. He joined the group of Akeso, Inc. (“Akeso”),
a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 09926) as a vice president and the head of clinical
development in May 2017 and was mainly responsible for clinical science and development; he was further
promoted as senior vice president in 2020 and responsible for clinical studies and development strategies of the
pipeline, where he built the clinical team for innovative drugs, and left Akeso in August 2021.


Dr. Jin obtained his bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Nanjing University ( 南 京 大 學 ) in China in July 1997. He
obtained his master’s degree in statistics in Washington State University in the United States in August 2001. He
obtained his doctoral degree in biostatistics from School of Public Health, University of Minnesota in the United
States in June 2005.




50     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. ZHOU Zejian ( 周 澤 劍 ), aged 43, was appointed as the chief financial officer of our Company and the
secretary of the Board in August 2022. He is mainly responsible for the management of finance, capital market
and securities affairs of our Group. From February 2022 to June 2022, he served as a non-executive Director of
our Company, which was designated by IDG Capital, a Pre-IPO investor of our Company.


Mr. Zhou has been engaged in investing, investing bank, capital market and medical industry for nearly 20 years.
Prior to joining the Company, he worked in IDG Capital, Goldman Sachs (China) Securities Company Limited ( 高
盛（中 國）證 券 有 限 責 任 公 司 ), China International Capital Corporation Limited ( 中 國 國 際 金 融 股 份 有 限 公 司 ),
a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601995) and the Stock Exchange (stock code:
03908), and J.P. Morgan First Capital Securities Co., Ltd. ( 第 一 創 業 摩 根 大 通 證 券 有 限 責 任 公 司 ).


Mr. Zhou obtained his master’s degree in finance and bachelor’s degree in financial management from Renmin
University of China ( 中 國 人 民 大 學 ).


Mr. DING Nanchao ( 丁 南 超 ), aged 39, joined our Company in November 2024, and was appointed as our deputy
general manager and chief marketing officer in December 2024. He is mainly responsible for the management of sales,
marketing, medical affairs and business operations of our Company.


From July 2008 to November 2024, Mr. Ding successively served as the regional sales assistant, manager and
deputy director of Sales Management Department and sales director of New Drug Sales Department at Kelun
Pharmaceutical. He also served as the deputy general manager in Kelun Pharmaceutical since 2020, and was
in charge of new drug marketing segment, Health Strategy Development & Research Department and Business
Development Department, etc..


Mr. Ding obtained his bachelor’s degree in chinese materia medica from Southwest Jiaotong University ( 西 南 交
通 大 學 ) in July 2008.


Mr. CHEN Wei ( 陳 巍 ), aged 50, joined our Company in June 2023, and was appointed as our deputy general
manager in December 2024. He is mainly responsible for commercial and marketing access.


From December 1999 to February 2006, Mr. Chen served as the business manager of southwest region at Xi’an
Janssen Pharmaceutical Limited ( 西 安 楊 森 製 藥 有 限 公 司 ). From March 2006 to May 2011, he served as senior
regional business manager of west region at Sanofi Aventis Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 賽 諾 菲 安 萬 特 製 藥 有 限
公 司 ). From June 2011 to May 2020, he served as the west region senior director of channel and terminal access
in Bayer Healthcare Company Limited ( 拜 耳 醫 藥 保 健 有 限 公 司 ). From June 2020 to May 2023, he served as
the deputy general manager in Shanghai Junshi Biosciences Co., Ltd. ( 上 海 君 實 生 物 醫 藥 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ),
a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1877).


Mr. Chen obtained his MBA degree from Shanghai Fudan University ( 上 海 復 旦 大 學 ) in June 2016.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024     51
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Directors present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements (the “Consolidated Financial
Statements”) of the Group for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

During the Reporting Period, the Group was principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing
and commercialization of novel drugs. There was no significant change in the nature of the Group’s principal
activities during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this Annual Report.


Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at December 31, 2024 are set out in Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.


BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the Group’s business during the Reporting Period, which includes an analysis of the Group’s
performance using financial key performance indicators, particulars of important events affecting the Group during
the Reporting Period, an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, and a discussion of the
principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, can be found in the section headed “Management Discussion
and Analysis” of this Annual Report and sub-section headed “Principal Risks and Uncertainties” in this report. The
review and discussion form part of this report.


RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

Details of the results of the Group for the Reporting Period and the Group’s financial position as at December 31,
2024 are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements and their accompanying notes on pages 178 to 240 of
this Annual Report.


The Board has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended December 31,
2024.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The Company’s Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on July 11, 2023. A summary of the published results
and of the assets, liabilities and equity of the Group for the last four financial years is set out on page 241 of this
Annual Report. This summary does not form part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group is highly aware of the importance of environmental protection and conducts annual review on
environmental, social and governance-related risks and matters relating to the reporting and performance
thereof. The Group has not noted any material non-compliance with all relevant laws and regulations in relation
to its business including environmental protection, health and safety, workplace conditions, employment and the
environment.




52      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Group has established detailed internal rules regarding environmental protection and adopted effective
measures to achieve efficient use of resources, waste reduction and energy saving. For further details of the
Group’s environmental policies and performance, please refer to the environmental, social and governance
report of the Company for the Reporting Period set out on pages 108 to 172 of this Annual Report, which has
been prepared in accordance with Rule 13.91 and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide
contained in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The following is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are
beyond its control:


•   Our business and prospects depend substantially on the success of our drug candidates. If we are unable
    to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approvals or achieve commercialization for
    our drug candidates, or if we experience significant delays or cost overruns in doing any of the foregoing, our
    business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.


•   We may face intense competition and rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may
    develop therapies that are similar, more advanced, or more effective than ours, which may adversely affect
    our financial condition and our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates.


•   Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results
    of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.


•   We have incurred significant net losses since inception. We anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses
    and may fail to achieve or maintain profitability in the future.


•   We may need to obtain substantial additional financing to fund our operations and expansion, and if we fail to
    do so, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our drug candidates.


•   We have entered into license and collaboration agreements with third parties in the development of our drug
    candidates, and may seek additional license and collaboration opportunities in the future, and we may not
    realize the benefits of such partnerships as expected.


•   Our rights to develop and commercialize our drug candidates are subject, in part, to the terms and conditions
    of licenses granted to us by others.


•   If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate patent and other intellectual property protection for our drug
    candidates throughout the world, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently
    broad, third parties could develop and commercialize products and technologies similar or identical to ours
    and compete directly against us, and our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates may be
    adversely affected.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024      53
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


•    All material aspects of the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of biopharmaceutical
     products are heavily regulated. Any failure to comply with relevant laws, regulations and industry standards
     or any adverse actions by the regulatory authorities against us could negatively impact our reputation and our
     business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.


•    The regulatory approval processes of the NMPA, the FDA and other comparable regulatory authorities are
     time-consuming and uncertain. If we are unable to obtain without undue delay any regulatory approvals for
     our drug candidates in our targeted markets, our business may be subject to actual or perceived harm.


•    The future commercial success of our drug candidates will depend on the degree of their market acceptance
     among physicians, patients and others in the medical community.


•    Our future success depends in part on our ability to retain our senior management, scientific employees and
     other qualified personnel.


DIRECTORS

During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, the Board consists of the following Directors:


Chairman of the Board and Non-executive Director

Mr. LIU Gexin ( 劉 革 新 ) (Chairman)


Executive Director

Dr. GE Junyou ( 葛 均 友 )
Dr. WANG Jingyi ( 王 晶 翼 ) (resigned on May 31, 2024)


Non-executive Directors

Mr. LIU Sichuan ( 劉 思 川 )
Mr. LAI Degui ( 賴 德 貴 ) (appointed on June 20, 2024)
Mr. FENG Hao ( 馮 昊 )
Mr. ZENG Xuebo ( 曾 學 波 )
Mr. LI Dongfang ( 李 東 方 )


Independent Non-executive Directors

Dr. ZHENG Qiang ( 鄭 強 )
Dr. TU Wenwei ( 涂 文 偉 )
Dr. JIN Jinping ( 金 錦 萍 )
Dr. LI Yuedong ( 李 越 冬 )




54     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

During the Reporting Period and up the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has the following Supervisors:


Ms. LIAO Yihong ( 廖 益 虹 )
Dr. SONG Hongmei ( 宋 宏 梅 )
Ms. YANG Qiuyan ( 楊 秋 艷 )
Dr. QING Yan ( 卿 燕 )
Mr. LAI Degui ( 賴 德 貴 ) (resigned on May 31, 2024)
Mr. WAN Peng ( 萬 鵬 ) (resigned on May 31, 2024)


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Group are set out on pages
41 to 51 in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this Annual Report. Save as
disclosed in this Annual Report, the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of our Group do not have
financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with one another.


INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation in
writing of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that, as at the
date of this Annual Report, all of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Pursuant to Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code, the Company has established the Remuneration
Committee to formulate remuneration policies. The remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior
management is determined and recommended based on their experience, qualification, position and seniority. The
Directors, Supervisors and senior management are eligible participants of the applicable share incentive plans.


Details of the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors, and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Notes
7 and 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report.


None of the Directors or Supervisors have waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no
emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to
join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office, and no consideration was paid by the Group
to any third parties for making available Directors’ services.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in the Companies Ordinance) has been in force during the year ended
December 31, 2024 and up to the Latest Practicable Date for the benefit of the Directors and Supervisors.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     55
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed under the sub-sections headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected
Transactions” in this report, no Director or Supervisor nor an entity connected with him/her had a material interest,
whether directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the
Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.


CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed under the sub-section headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected
Transactions” in this report, none of the Controlling Shareholders have or had a material interest in any contract
of significance, whether for the provision of services or otherwise, to the business of the Group to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business
of the Company were entered into or subsisted during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

As at the end of the Reporting Period, other than the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme, none of the Directors,
Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years were granted with rights, or
had exercised any such rights, to acquire benefits by means of purchasing Shares or debentures of the Company.
No member of the Group was a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors, Supervisors or their respective
spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years to acquire such rights from any other body corporates.


During the Reporting Period, the Company did not grant any rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition
of Shares or debentures of the Company to any Directors or Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor
children under 18, and none of them has exercised such rights.


NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

Each of Kelun Pharmaceutical and Mr. LIU Gexin (each a Controlling Shareholder) has entered into a deed of
non-competition with the Company.


Pursuant to Kelun Pharmaceutical’s deed of non-competition, the Remaining Kelun Group has confirmed
and undertaken that, among others, it is not directly or indirectly engaged in, and during the period of Kelun
Pharmaceutical being a Controlling Shareholder will not directly or indirectly participate in, any business which
is the same or similar to, or constitutes direct or indirect competition with, the principal business or principal
products of our Group, and it shall procure other enterprises, organizations or institutions controlled by it to
comply with Kelun Pharmaceutical’s deed of non-competition.




56     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Pursuant to Mr. LIU Gexin’s deed of non-competition, Mr. LIU Gexin has confirmed and undertaken that, among
others, the enterprises, organizations or institutions controlled by him will not directly or indirectly engage in, and
during the period of being a Controlling Shareholder will not directly or indirectly participate in, any business which
is the same or similar to, or constitutes direct or indirect competition with, the principal business or principal
products of our Group, and he will procure other enterprises, organizations or institutions controlled by him to
comply with his deed of non-competition.


The Company has received from Kelun Pharmaceutical and Mr. LIU Gexin a confirmation of their compliance with
their respective deed of non-competition during the Reporting Period. The independent non-executive Directors
have also reviewed Kelun Pharmaceutical and Mr. LIU Gexin’s compliance with the Deed of Non-Competition for
the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors and Supervisors or their respective close associates (as
defined in the Listing Rules) has interests in businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or
indirectly, with the businesses of the Group pursuant to the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at December 31, 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the
Company in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (the “Associated Corporations”) which were required to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or
short positions which any such Directors, Supervisors and chief executive(s) of the Company are taken or deemed
to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required to be entered in the register required to be
kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or which were otherwise required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024      57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(a) Interest in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of     Approximate
                                                                                                                  shareholding percentage of
     Name of Director,                                                                                          in the relevant shareholding in
     Supervisor or                                                                 Number and types of                 class of the total issued
     chief executive     Position                         Nature of Interest       Shares held(1)                  Shares(1) (%)   Shares(1) (%)

     LIU Gexin           Chairman of the Board and        Interest in controlled   71,345,543                            54.28            31.39
                           non-executive Director            corporation (2)         H Shares (L) (2)
                                                          Interest in controlled   83,201,712                            86.82            36.61
                                                             corporation (3)         Unlisted Shares (L) (3)
     GE Junyou           Executive Director and           Other (4)                675,000 H Shares (L) (4)               0.51             0.30
                           general manager                Other (4)                1,575,000                              1.64             0.69
                                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L) (4)
     LAI Degui           Non-executive Director           Other (5)                139,500 H Shares (L) (5)               0.11             0.06
                                                          Other (5)                325,500                                0.34             0.14
                                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L) (5)
     FENG Hao            Non-executive Director           Other (6)                139,500 H Shares (L) (6)               0.11             0.06
                                                          Other (6)                325,000                                0.34             0.14
                                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L) (6)
     LIAO Yihong         Chairperson of the Supervisory   Other (7)                51,000 H Shares (L) (7)                0.04             0.02
                           Committee and Supervisor       Other (7)                119,000                                0.12             0.05
                                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L) (7)
     SONG Hongmei        Supervisor                       Other (8)                138,000 H Shares (L) (8)               0.10             0.06
                                                          Other (8)                322,000                                0.34             0.14
                                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L) (8)
     YANG Qiuyan         Supervisor                       Other (9)                96,000 H Shares (L) (9)                0.07             0.04
                                                          Other (9)                224,000                                0.23             0.10
                                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L) (9)
     QING Yan            Supervisor                       Other (10)               120,000 H Shares (L) (10)              0.09             0.05
                                                          Other (10)               280,000                                0.29             0.12
                                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L) (10)


     Notes:


     (1)    As at December 31, 2024, the Company had a total of 227,267,969 issued Shares, consisting of (i) 95,837,186
            Unlisted Shares, comprising 91,194,996 Domestic Shares and 4,642,190 Unlisted Foreign Shares, and (ii) 131,430,783
            H Shares.


     (2)    Mr. LIU Gexin is deemed as the actual controller of Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Kelun Pharmaceutical”).
            Kelun Pharmaceutical is interested in a total of 71,345,543 H Shares, comprising (i) 57,777,843 H Shares directly
            held as beneficial owner; (ii) 4,567,700 H Shares held by Kelun International Development Co., Limited (“Kelun
            International”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical and (iii) 9,000,000 H Shares held by the four
            Employee Incentive Platforms, the general partner of which is Chengdu Kelun Jingchuan Technology Co., Ltd. (“Kelun
            Jingchuan”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical.




58         SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(3)   Mr. LIU Gexin is deemed as the actual controller of Kelun Pharmaceutical. Kelun Pharmaceutical is interested in a
      total of 83,201,712 Unlisted Shares, comprising (i) 62,201,712 Unlisted Shares directly held as beneficial owner and
      (ii) 21,000,000 Unlisted Shares held by the four Employee Incentive Platforms, the general partner of which is Kelun
      Jingchuan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical.


(4)   Dr. GE Junyou has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Chengdu
      Kelun Huicai Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership ( 成 都 科 倫 匯 才 企 業 管 理 中 心（有 限 合 夥）) (“Kelun
      Huicai”) and Chengdu Kelun Huizhi Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership ( 成 都 科 倫 匯 智 企 業 管 理 中
      心（有 限 合 夥）) (“Kelun Huizhi”), two of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 2,250,000 H
      Shares and 5,250,000 Unlisted Shares. Dr. GE Junyou held 28.00% partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding
      to 630,000 H Shares and 1,470,000 Unlisted Shares. Kelun Huizhi held a total of 2,250,000 H Shares and 5,250,000
      Unlisted Shares. Dr. GE Junyou held 2.00% partnership interest in Kelun Huizhi, corresponding to 45,000 H Shares
      and 105,000 Unlisted Shares.


(5)   Mr. LAI Degui has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Kelun Huicai,
      one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 2,250,000 H Shares and 5,250,000 Unlisted
      Shares. Mr. LAI Degui held 6.20% partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding to 139,500 H Shares and
      325,500 Unlisted Shares.


(6)   Mr. FENG Hao has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Kelun Huicai,
      one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 2,250,000 H Shares and 5,250,000 Unlisted
      Shares. Mr. FENG Hao held 6.20% partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding to 139,500 H Shares and
      325,500 Unlisted Shares.


(7)   Ms. LIAO Yihong has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Kelun Huicai,
      one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 2,250,000 H Shares and 5,250,000 Unlisted
      Shares. Ms. LIAO Yihong held 2.27% partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding to 51,000 H Shares and
      119,000 Unlisted Shares.


(8)   Dr. SONG Hongmei has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Kelun
      Huizhi, one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huizhi held a total of 2,250,000 H Shares and 5,250,000
      Unlisted Shares. Dr. SONG Hongmei held 6.13% partnership interest in Kelun Huizhi, corresponding to 138,000 H
      Shares and 322,000 Unlisted Shares.


(9)   Ms. YANG Qiuyan has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Chengdu
      Kelun Huineng Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership ( 成 都 科 倫 匯 能 企 業 管 理 中 心（有 限 合 夥）) (“Kelun
      Huineng”), one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huineng held a total of 2,250,000 H Shares and 5,250,000
      Unlisted Shares. Ms. YANG Qiuyan held 4.27% partnership interest in Kelun Huineng, corresponding to 96,000 H
      Shares and 224,000 Unlisted Shares.


(10) Dr. QING Yan has been granted share awards under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme held by Kelun Huicai,
     one of the Employee Incentive Platforms. Kelun Huicai held a total of 2,250,000 H Shares and 5,250,000 Unlisted
     Shares. Dr. QING Yan held 5.33% partnership interest in Kelun Huicai, corresponding to 120,000 H Shares and
     280,000 Unlisted Shares.


(L)   Long position.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024       59
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(b) Interest in the shares of Associated Corporations

                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                                                              shareholding in
                                                                                                              Number of       the total issued
     Name of               Name of Director,                                                               shares held in     share capital of
     associated            Supervisor or                                                                  the associated       the associated
     corporation           chief executive           Position                    Nature of Interest          corporation      corporation (%)
     Kelun Pharmaceutical LIU Gexin                  Chairman of the Board and   Beneficial owner         379,128,280 (L)             23.67 (1)
       (2)
                                                       non-executive Director
                           GE Junyou                 Executive Director and      Beneficial owner             295,000 (L)               0.02 (1)
                                                       general manager
                           LIU Sichuan               Non-executive Director      Beneficial owner           8,346,286 (L)               0.52 (1)
                           LAI Degui                 Non-executive Director      Beneficial owner             446,699 (L)               0.03 (1)
                           FENG Hao                  Non-executive Director      Beneficial owner             431,534 (L)               0.03 (1)
                           LIAO Yihong               Chairperson of the          Beneficial owner             121,667 (L)               0.01 (1)
                                                       Supervisory Committee
                                                       and Supervisor
     Zhejiang Keyun (3)    LAI Degui                 Non-executive Director      Beneficial owner           2,000,000 (L)             10.00 (5)
                                                                                 Interest in controlled   3,200,000 (L) (4)           16.00 (5)
                                                                                    corporation (4)
                           FENG Hao                  Non-executive Director      Beneficial owner         2,000,000 (L) (4)           10.00 (5)
                                                                                 Interest in controlled   3,200,000 (L) (4)           16.00 (5)
                                                                                    corporation (4)


     Notes:


     (1)      As at December 31, 2024, Kelun Pharmaceutical had a total of 1,601,497,373 issued shares.


     (2)      Kelun Pharmaceutical is the holding company of the Company and therefore an associated corporation of the
              Company.


     (3)      Zhejiang Keyun IOT Technology Co., Ltd. ( 浙 江 科 運 物 聯 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) (“Zhejiang Keyun”) is a subsidiary of Kelun
              Pharmaceutical and therefore an associated corporation of the Company.


     (4)      Each of Lishui Keyun Yaotong Logistics Technology Limited Partnership ( 麗 水 市 科 運 耀 通 物 流 科 技 合 夥 企 業（有 限 合
              夥）) (“Keyun Yaotong”) and Lishui Keyun Rentong Logistics Technology Limited Partnership ( 麗 水 市 科 運 仁 通 物 流 科
              技 合 夥 企 業（有 限 合 夥）) (“Keyun Rentong”) held RMB1,600,000 registered capital of Zhejiang Keyun. Mr. LAI Degui and
              Mr. FENG Hao each held 50% partnership interest in each of Keyun Yaotong and Keyun Rentong and is therefore deemed
              to be interested in the registered capital of Zhejiang Keyun held by Keyun Yaotong and Keyun Rentong.


     (5)      As of December 31, 2024, Zhejiang Keyun had a total of RMB20,000,000 registered capital.


     (L)      Long position.


     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2024, none of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives
     of the Company had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares
     or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
     SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Division 7
     and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or which were required to be entered in the register required to be kept by the
     Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or which was required to be notified to the Company and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


60           SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

To the best knowledge of the Company based on public information, as at December 31, 2024, the interests
or short positions of the following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the
Company) in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which any such persons
other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company are taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                 Approximate        percentage of
                                                                                                                percentage of     shareholding in
                                                                       Number and                             shareholding in      the total share
Name of                      Nature of                                 class of                             the relevant class       capital of our
Shareholder                  Interest                                  Shares held(1)                          of Shares(1) (%)    Company(1) (%)
Kelun Pharmaceutical         Beneficial owner                          57,777,843 H Shares (L)                           43.96               25.42
                             Interest in controlled corporations (2)   13,567,700 H Shares (L) (2)                       10.32                5.97
                             Beneficial owner (3)                      62,201,712 Unlisted Shares (L) (3)                64.90               27.37
                             Interest in controlled corporation (3)    21,000,000 Unlisted Shares (L) (3)                21.91                9.24
Kelun Jingchuan              Interest in controlled corporations (4)   9,000,000 H Shares (L) (4)                         6.85                3.96
                             Interest in controlled corporations (4)   21,000,000 Unlisted Shares (L) (4)                21.91                9.24
Kelun Huicai                 Beneficial owner                          5,250,000 Unlisted Shares (L)                      5.48                2.31
Kelun Huide                  Beneficial owner                          5,250,000 Unlisted Shares (L)                      5.48                2.31
Kelun Huineng                Beneficial owner                          5,250,000 Unlisted Shares (L)                      5.48                2.31
Kelun Huizhi                 Beneficial owner                          5,250,000 Unlisted Shares (L)                      5.48                2.31
Merck & Co., Inc.(5)         Interest in controlled corporations (5)   13,443,693 H Shares (L)                           10.23                5.92
Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC(5)   Beneficial owner                          13,443,693 H Shares (L)                           10.23                5.92


Notes:


(1)   As at December 31, 2024, the Company had a total of 227,267,969 issued Shares, consisting of (i) 95,837,186 Unlisted
      Shares, comprising 91,194,996 Domestic Shares and 4,642,190 Unlisted Foreign Shares, and (ii) 131,430,783 H Shares.


(2)   Kelun Pharmaceutical is interested in a total of 71,345,543 H Shares, comprising (i) 57,777,843 H Shares directly held as
      beneficial owner; (ii) 4,567,700 H Shares held by Kelun International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical
      and (iii) 9,000,000 H Shares held by the four Employee Incentive Platforms, the general partner of which is Kelun Jingchuan,
      a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical.


(3)   Kelun Pharmaceutical is interested in a total of 83,201,712Unlisted Shares, comprising (i) 62,201,712 Unlisted Shares
      directly held as beneficial owner and (ii) 21,000,000 Unlisted Shares held by the four Employee Incentive Platforms, the
      general partner of which is Kelun Jingchuan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical.


(4)   Kelun Jingchuan is the general partner of the four Employee Incentive Platforms, which in aggregate held 9,000,000 H
      Shares and 21,000,000 Unlisted Shares.


(5)   Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., a company listed on the New York Stock
      Exchange (stock code: MRK).


(L)   Long position.



                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024           61
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2024, no person (other than the Directors, Supervisor and chief
executives of the Company as set out in the paragraph headed “Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executives’
Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its Associated
Corporations” in this report) had any interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
Company which were required to be notified to the Company or the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were required to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


PRE-IPO EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE SCHEME

The Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme was adopted and approved by resolutions in writing by the Board in
2016, and was further revised in May 2020, January 2023 and April 2023. The purpose of the Pre-IPO Employee
Incentive Scheme is to provide equity incentives for core employees to attract and recruit skilled personnel, in
order to fully mobilize the enthusiasm of core employees, ensure stability, motivation and long-term core R&D
personnel’s labor relationships and aligning core employees’ interest with the long-term development of the
Company. The Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme is not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules as it will not involve the grant of new options or awards by the Company after the Listing.


The Company has established four employee incentive platforms, namely Kelun Huicai, Kelun Huide, Kelun
Huineng and Kelun Huizhi (the “Employee Incentive Platforms”), in the form of limited partnerships. As at
December 31, 2024, the four Employee Incentive Platforms, in aggregate, held 30,000,000 Shares.


The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme.


1.   Summary of terms

     (a) Purpose

        For the purpose of quickly attracting and recruiting high-end talents, fully mobilizing the enthusiasm of our
        core employees, ensuring stability, motivation and long-term core R&D personnel’s labor relationships,
        accelerating the development process of products candidates, encouraging core employees to work hard
        and aligning their interest with the long-term development of our Company, the Company provides equity
        incentives for core employees.


     (b) Form of Scheme

        Participants, as partners of the Employee Incentive Platforms which are in the form of limited
        partnerships, shall subscribe for the capital contribution of the limited partnership interest according to
        the amount approved by the equity incentive management committee (the “Equity Incentive Management
        Committee”), and make the corresponding payment in accordance with the arrangement of the Equity
        Incentive Management Committee, thereby indirectly holding the shares of the Company by virtue of their
        capacity as a limited partner of the relevant Employee Incentive Platform.




62     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(c) Participants

      The participants include the senior management, key technical personnel and other core employees,
      directors, supervisors or consultants of the Company, Sichuan Konas and KLUS PHARMA (the
      “Participants”). The Equity Incentive Management Committee shall determine or adjust the scope of
      Participants and the incentive shares after considering factors such as the employee’s working years,
      on-boarding situations, annual appraisal performance, nature of the job, seniority, and sense of corporate
      identity.


(d) Total Number of Incentive Shares

      Participants shall hold a total of 30,000,000 shares of the Company through the limited partnerships,
      which means that four limited partnerships serving as the Employee Incentive Platforms shall hold a total
      of 30,000,000 shares of the Company, corresponding to the capital of the Company of RMB30 million.


(e) Subscription Price of the Incentive Shares

      The subscription price of the incentive shares is based on comprehensive consideration of factors and is
      determined by the Equity Incentive Management Committee according to the following principles:


      The subscription price for the first batch of Participants to subscribe and pay for the incentive shares in 2017
      is RMB1.00 per share, and the price for subsequent batches of Participants to subscribe and pay for the
      incentive shares is calculated as: RMB1.00*(1+6%*N) (“N” refers to the number of years, “N” is calculated by
      the calendar year in which such Participants were granted incentive shares for the first time less 2017).


(f)   Payment of Incentive Share Price

      Participants must subscribe for the incentive shares in cash, and should ensure that their source of funds
      is genuine and lawful.


      The subscription period of the incentive shares shall be determined by the Equity Incentive Management
      Committee. Participants shall make the corresponding payment for incentive shares fully and timely.
      Participants who fail to pay or pay less than the corresponding price as stated in the notice of grant
      issued by the Equity Incentive Management Committee are deemed to give up the opportunity to
      subscribe for the incentive shares. The Equity Incentive Management Committee has the right to adjust or
      revoke the qualifications of Participants, and return the paid principal (without interest).


(g) Distribution Method of the Incentive Shares

      (1) Original distribution: Based on the factors such as the current working years and previous performance,
          the Equity Incentive Management Committee will determine the scope of Participants and the number of
          the incentive shares. Unless approved by the Equity Incentive Management Committee, the cumulative
          incentive shares held by a single natural person through this method shall not exceed 0.5% of the total
          incentive shares. The employees who have obtained the original distribution shares are regarded as the
          first batch of Participants, and shall make the payment in installments and are deemed to have obtained
          the incentive shares at the establishment of the limited partnerships.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     63
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


            (2) Annual appraisal distribution: According to the annual appraisal by the Company and associated
                subsidiaries, the Equity Incentive Management Committee has the right to decide to add new
                Participants or increase the number of the incentive shares of existing Participants every year.


            (3) Unless approved by the Equity Incentive Management Committee, the cumulative incentive shares
                held by a single natural person shall not exceed 1% of the total incentive shares subscribed through
                the original distribution and annual appraisal distribution.


     (h) Distribution Procedures of the Incentive Shares

            The Equity Incentive Management Committee is responsible for the distribution of the incentive shares. In
            general, the distribution procedures are as follows:


            (1) The Equity Incentive Management Committee decides the specific conditions for eligible Participants,
                the allocation of the incentive shares among different internal departments and divisions, the
                preliminary grantee list and the number of shares proposed to be granted.


            (2) The management of relevant departments of the Company and its subsidiaries is responsible for
                formulating departmental allocation plans, selecting the Participants from the lists, determining the
                number of incentive shares, and submitting the departmental allocation plans to the Equity Incentive
                Management Committee.


            (3) The Equity Incentive Management Committee is responsible for making the final decisions about the
                selected Participants and number of the incentive shares to be granted to each selected Participants.


            (4) The selected Participants shall sign relevant legal documents and pay the subscription price in
                accordance with the arrangement and instructions of the Equity Incentive Management Committee.


     (i)    Obligations of Participants

            The main obligations of Participants are as follows:


            (1) The incentive shares held by Participants shall be locked up for a period of 4 years from the effective
                date of the incentive shares grant agreement (the “Incentive Shares Grant Agreement”). During
                the 4-year lock-up period, Participants are not allowed to transfer the incentive shares to any
                third party, nor use the incentive shares for guarantee or repayment of debts. During the lockup
                period, if Participants rescind or terminate the labor or business relationship with the Company or
                its subsidiaries, Participants shall follow the relevant arrangements to cooperate with the executive
                partner to go through the relevant procedures for repurchasing their incentive shares. Participants
                shall voluntarily commit to continuing to hold the incentive shares for more than 1 year after the
                expiration of the lock-up period.


            (2) Individual income tax arising from withdrawal, holding or transfer of the incentive shares, dividends or
                other activities shall be borne by Participants themselves.




64         SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      (3) Participants are obliged to abide by other relevant administration measures formulated by Kelun
          Pharmaceutical and the Company at the general meetings, the meetings of board of directors and the
          meetings of the Equity Incentive Committee.


(j)   Arrangements for Participants Resigning during the Lock-up Period

      During the lock-up period, if Participants rescind or terminate the labor or service contracts with the
      Company or its subsidiaries, Participants shall transfer all their incentive shares to the executive partner
      or its designated third party according to the requirements of the executive partner. Such incentive shares
      transferred to the executive partner or the designated third party shall be used in accordance with the
      decision of the Equity Incentive Management Committee.


(k) Overall Repurchase of the Incentive Shares

      For the incentive shares held by Participants, Kelun Pharmaceutical or its subsidiaries shall have the right
      to repurchase relevant incentive shares as a whole according to business needs. Overall repurchase can
      be done all in one time or in batches.


      When conducting the overall repurchase, appropriate methods such as issuing shares to purchase
      assets, repurchasing in cash, or a combination of these two methods may be adopted. When necessary,
      an independent third-party financial consultant or valuer could be engaged to assess the fair valuation of
      the relevant incentive shares.


(l)   Adjustment to the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme

      When the number of Participants, fundraising methods and incentive methods may raise regulatory
      concern or affect the long-term development of the Company’s overall interests, Kelun Pharmaceutical
      and the Company have the right to make corresponding adjustments to the effective documents of the
      Employee Incentive Scheme and other incentive management measures provided that such adjustments
      comply with the principles of fairness, justice, win-win and order.


(m) Equity Incentive Management Committee

      The Equity Incentive Management Committee is responsible for the daily decision-making, management
      and execution of employee equity incentive matters. The Equity Incentive Management Committee is
      composed of five members, elected by and responsible to the Board. The Equity Incentive Management
      Committee is responsible for the following matters:


      (1) handling specific matters such as the selection of Participants, determination of allocated shares, and
          payment arrangements for the incentive shares in line with the Board;


      (2) daily management of agreements and documents;


      (3) formulating and revising the rules of procedure of the Equity Incentive Management Committee; and


      (4) other matters concerning the Equity Incentive Management Committee.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     65
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


2.   Incentive Shares Granted

     As at December 31, 2024, awards corresponding to a total of 23,866,250 Shares, representing approximately
     79.55% of the total Shares under the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme, have been granted to the
     Participants. Save as disclosed below, no awards have been granted to other connected persons of our
     Group.


     Details of the incentive shares granted to the Directors, Supervisors and senior management under the
     Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme are set out below:

                                                                                                              Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                                                     number     shareholding
                                                                                                                  of shares      percentage
                                                                                             Approximate     corresponding corresponding
                                                                                              partnership        to awards to awards in the
                                                                            Relevant          interests of      held by the total number of
                                                                            Employee        the Employee          Employee shares in issue
                                                                            Incentive            Incentive         Incentive as at December
     Name                          Position                                 Platforms           Platforms         Platforms         31, 2024
     Dr. GE Junyou ( 葛 均 友 )       Executive Director and general manager   Kelun Huicai         28.00%          2,100,000           0.92%
                                                                            Kelun Huizhi          2.00%            150,000           0.07%
     Mr. LAI Degui ( 賴 德 貴 )       Non-executive Director                   Kelun Huicai          6.20%            465,000           0.20%
     Mr. FENG Hao ( 馮 昊 )          Chairman of the Board of                 Kelun Huicai          6.20%            465,000           0.20%
                                     Supervisors and Supervisor
     Ms. LIAO Yihong ( 廖 益 虹 )     Supervisor                               Kelun Huicai          2.27%            170,000           0.07%
     Dr. SONG Hongmei ( 宋 宏 梅 )    Supervisor                               Kelun Huizhi          6.13%            460,000           0.20%
     Ms. YANG Qiuyan ( 楊 秋 艷 )     Supervisor                               Kelun Huineng         4.27%            320,000           0.14%
     Dr. QING Yan ( 卿 燕 )          Supervisor                               Kelun Huicai          5.33%            400,000           0.18%
     Mr. FENG Yi ( 馮 毅 )           Deputy general manager, chief strategy   Kelun Huicai         16.40%          1,230,000           0.54%
                                     officer and senior vice president
     Dr. ZHANG Yiwei ( 張 一 偉 )     Deputy general manager                   Kelun Huineng          4.67%          350,000            0.15%
     Dr. TAN Xiangyang ( 譚 向 陽 )   Deputy general manager and               Kelun Huineng          4.67%          350,000            0.15%
                                     chief scientific officer
     Dr. JIN Xiaoping ( 金 小 平 )    Deputy general manager and               Kelun Huicai           8.40%          630,000            0.28%
                                     chief medical officer
     Mr. ZHOU Zejian ( 周 澤 劍 )     Chief financial officer and              Kelun Huide          12.67%           950,000            0.42%
                                     joint company secretary
     Mr. DING Nanchao ( 丁 南 超 )    Deputy general manager and               Kelun Huizhi           2.00%          150,000            0.07%
                                     chief marketing officer
     Mr. CHEN Wei ( 陳 巍 先 生 )      Deputy general manager                   Kelun Huide            2.00%          150,000            0.07%




66      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

The following transactions constituted connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules during the
Reporting Period:


Subscription of Domestic Shares under Specific Mandate

On May 8, 2024, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Kelun Pharmaceutical (as subscriber),
pursuant to which Kelun Pharmaceutical conditionally agreed to subscribe for and the Company conditionally
agreed to allot and issue a total of 4,423,870 Domestic Shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each at
the subscription price of RMB136.21 per Share, which is the same as the placing price of the Placing. The
independent Shareholders approved the Subscription at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company on
June 20, 2024. The Subscription was completed on December 17, 2024. The net proceeds from the Subscription
amounted to approximately RMB601.4 million. Kelun Pharmaceutical is one of our Controlling Shareholders and a
connected person of the Company.


The Subscription was undertaken to further enlarge the Shareholders’ equity base of the Company, optimize the
capital structure of the Company and support the healthy and sustainable development of the Company.


Purchase of Equipment

On June 28, 2024, the Company entered into an equipment purchase agreement with Kelun Precision, pursuant
to which the Company as purchaser agreed to purchase and Kelun Precision as vendor agreed to sell the
equipment (the “Equipment”) (which comprises around 250 laboratory and desk equipment) at a consideration of
RMB6,240,004.12. Kelun Precision is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical, one of our Controlling
Shareholders and a connected person of the Company.


The purchase involved a large quantity of laboratory and desk equipment to build upon its existing R&D
capabilities and improve its day-to-day operational efficiency. The Equipment was suitable for the Group’s R&D
needs, was in good working condition, was compatible with the Group’s existing R&D apparatus and could be
used by the Group after installation without requiring material modification.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024    67
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

The following transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company during the Reporting
Period and are required to be disclosed in this annual report in accordance with Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules:

                                                                                                                                                                         Actual tax-included
                                                                                                                                                         Annual cap for    transaction value
                                   Date of            Commencement                                                                                       the year ended   for the year ended
Continuing connected               signing the        date of term of                                          Description and purpose of             December 31, 2024 December 31, 2024(1)
transaction                        agreement          agreement          Connected person                      the transaction                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
Auxiliary R&D Services Framework June 1, 2023         Listing Date       Kelun Pharmaceutical (including       Procurement of auxiliary R&D                         19,000            17,334
  Agreement (as amended                                                    its subsidiaries other than our       services and/or purchases of
  and supplemented by a                                                    Group)                                auxiliary R&D equipment from
  supplemental agreement dated                                                                                   Kelun Pharmaceutical (including
  August 19, 2024)                                                                                               its subsidiaries other than our
                                                                                                                 Group)
                                                                                                               Provision of auxiliary R&D Services                  17,000             7,269
                                                                                                                 and/or sales of auxiliary R&D
                                                                                                                 equipment from our Group
R&D-related Drugs and              June 1, 2023       Listing Date       China Resources Kelun (Sichuan)       Procurement of R&D-related drugs                     40,000             4,035
  Consumables Framework                                                    Medicine Limited ( 華 潤 科 倫 醫          and consumables from China
  Agreement                                                                藥（四 川）有 限 公 司 ) (“China               Resources Kelun
                                                                           Resources Kelun”) (including its
                                                                           subsidiaries)(2)
Licensing Agreement                January 12, 2017   January 12, 2017   Kelun Research Institute (including   Grant of exclusive license rights           Determined by a                0
                                                                           its subsidiaries)                     to us to globally promote and       formula in accordance
                                                                                                                 commercialise A167                      with the terms set
                                                                                                                                                        out in the Licensing
                                                                                                                                                                 Agreement
Sales and Distribution Framework   October 31, 2024   October 31, 2024   China Resources Kelun(2)              Sales of certain commercialized                        10,000            506
  Agreement                                                                                                      products of the Company to
                                                                                                                 China Resources Kelun



Notes:


(1)    For the Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement, the transaction value is for the period commencing from the
       commencement date of the term of the relevant agreement to December 31, 2024.


(2)    Formerly named Sichuan Kelun Medicine & Trade Group Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 倫 醫 藥 貿 易 集 團 有 限 公 司 ).


The detailed terms of the continuing connected transactions are as follows:


Auxiliary R&D Services Framework Agreement

We have historically procured auxiliary R&D services and goods, which include process development and
optimization, sample purification, crystallization screening, GMP batch release testing, packing material and
releasing testing from Kelun Pharmaceutical and its subsidiaries, excluding our Group (the “Remaining Kelun
Group”), and have provided auxiliary R&D services, which include preclinical animal studies (including toxicology,
pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamic and screening studies), clinical biostatistics, data management, quality
control and clinical audit, and other supporting services, to the Remaining Kelun Group (collectively, the “Auxiliary
R&D Services”) from time to time in our ordinary and usual course of business. We intend to continue such
procurement of services and goods and provision of services with the Remaining Kelun Group after the Listing.
On June 1, 2023, our Company and Kelun Pharmaceutical (for itself and on behalf of the Remaining Kelun Group)
entered into a framework agreement in relation to the procurement of the Auxiliary R&D Services (the “Auxiliary
R&D Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Kelun Pharmaceutical (for itself and on behalf of the
Remaining Kelun Group) agreed to provide and procure the Auxiliary R&D Services to/from our Group. Kelun
Pharmaceutical is one of our Controlling Shareholders and a connected person of the Company.



68          SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Taking into account the availability for sale of certain auxiliary R&D and other miscellaneous equipment and
materials (the “Auxiliary R&D Equipment”) by the Group and the Remaining Kelun Group from time to time, on
August 19, 2024, the Company and Kelun Pharmaceutical (for itself and on behalf of the Remaining Kelun Group)
entered into a supplemental agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement”) to revise the service scope, pricing
policy and, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, the annual caps under the Auxiliary R&D Services
Framework Agreement, to include the sales and purchases of the Auxiliary R&D Equipment.


The term of the Auxiliary R&D Services Framework Agreement commenced from the Listing Date and will continue
until December 31, 2025 (both days inclusive). Subject to compliance with Listing Rules and applicable laws and
regulations, the Auxiliary R&D Services Framework Agreement may be renewed for a further term of three years
from time to time, unless either party notifies the other party to the contrary with three months’ written notice prior
to the expiry of the agreement’s term. Upon renewal of the Auxiliary R&D Services Framework Agreement, the
parties may amend the terms of the agreement based on the then prevailing circumstances.


Pricing

In respect of the Auxiliary R&D Services, the services fees have been and will be based on cost-plus basis
according to (i) the actual cost of provisions of such services (such as the labor cost and the cost of consumables
used for providing the services); plus (ii) the agreed margin rates. The margin rates are determined through arm’s
length negotiation with reference to the range between the lower quartile and the upper quartile of the three-year
weighted average cost-plus-margins of comparable companies offering similar services as stated in a transfer
pricing analysis report prepared by an independent certified public accountant. Such margin rates may be
changed from time to time and shall not be deemed to be the fixed rate for the transactions throughout the term
of the Auxiliary R&D Services Framework Agreement.


In respect of the Auxiliary R&D Equipment, the prices of the purchase of the Auxiliary R&D Equipment by the
Group from the Remaining Kelun Group will be determined with reference to:


(1) to the extent available to the Group, the book value of the Auxiliary R&D Equipment as recorded in the latest
    accounts of the Remaining Kelun Group;


(2) the prices of similar equipment and/or materials in comparable transactions conducted by the Group with
    independent third parties during the same period (if any), to ensure that price to be paid by the Company
    for the Auxiliary R&D Equipment to the Remaining Kelun Group will not be higher than the price paid by the
    Company in comparable transactions; and


(3) the recent market prices of comparable transactions, by making enquiries on market prices of similar
    materials and/or equipment with industry players and conducting researches on industry websites, and then
    compare the references with the prices quoted by Remaining Kelun Group to ensure that the price to be paid
    by the Company for the Auxiliary R&D Equipment to the Remaining Kelun Group will not be higher than the
    price offered by independent suppliers to the Company.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024      69
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The prices of the sale of the Auxiliary R&D Equipment by the Group to the Remaining Kelun Group will be
determined with reference to:


(1) the book value of the R&D equipment and/or materials as recorded in the latest accounts of the Group;


(2) the prices of similar equipment and/or materials in comparable transactions conducted by the Group with
      independent third parties during the same period (if any), to ensure that the price to be received by the
      Company for the Auxiliary R&D Equipment from the Remaining Kelun Group will not be lower than the price
      received by the Company in comparable transactions; and


(3) the recent market prices of comparable transactions, by making enquiries on market prices of similar
      materials and/or equipment with industry players and conducting researches on industry websites, to ensure
      that the price to be received by the Company for the Auxiliary R&D Equipment from the Remaining Kelun
      Group will not be lower than the price offered by independent third party purchasers to the Company (if any).
      To implement this policy, the management of the Company would solicit at least two other contemporaneous
      transactions with independent third parties for the materials or equipment in similar quantities for comparison.


The pricing policies have been followed when determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted
during the year.


Annual caps and actual amount

The annual caps for the transactions contemplated under the Auxiliary R&D Services Framework Agreement, and
the actual amounts paid or payable for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out below:


                                                                                                              Actual
                                                                                                        tax-included
                                                                                                         transaction
                                                                                                        value for the
                                                                                                         year ended
                                                   Annual cap for the year ended December 31,         December 31,
                                                          2023              2024             2025              2024
                                                     (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)

Amounts payable by our Group to the
     Remaining Kelun Group in respect of
     the procurement of the Auxiliary R&D
     Services and/or purchases of Auxiliary
     R&D Equipment under the Auxiliary R&D
     Services Framework Agreement                       22,000           19,000            17,000           17,334
Amounts payable by the Remaining Kelun
     Group to us in respect of the provision
     of the Auxiliary R&D Services and/or
     sales of Auxiliary R&D Equipment under
     the Auxiliary R&D Services Framework
     Agreement                                          16,000           17,000            18,000             7,269



70       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


R&D-related Drugs and Consumables Framework Agreement

We have historically procured R&D-related drugs and consumables (the “R&D-related Drugs and Consumables”)
from China Resources Kelun and its subsidiaries from time to time in our ordinary course of business. R&D-related
Drugs and Consumables primarily include clinical comparator drugs which are used in clinical trials to compare
the efficacy of an investigational drug to the efficacy of an existing treatment and medical consumables including
protective equipment and laboratory supplies. We intend to continue such procurement with China Resources
Kelun after the Listing for clinical trial. On June 1, 2023, our Company and China Resources Kelun entered
into a framework agreement in relation to the procurement of the R&D-related Drugs and Consumables (the
“R&D-related Drugs and Consumables Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which our Group agreed to purchase
the R&D-related Drugs and Consumables from China Resources Kelun (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries,
China Resources Kelun and its subsidiaries collectively referred to as “China Resources Kelun Group”). China
Resources Kelun is an associate of Mr. LIU Sichuan, a Director of the Company. Therefore, China Resources
Kelun is a connected person of the Company.


The term of the R&D-related Drugs and Consumables Framework Agreement commenced from the Listing
Date and will continue until December 31, 2025 (both days inclusive). Subject to compliance with Listing Rules
and applicable laws and regulations, the R&D-related Drugs and Consumables Framework Agreement may be
renewed for a further term of three years from time to time, unless either party notifies the other party to the
contrary with three months’ written notice prior to the expiry of the agreement’s term. Upon renewal of the
R&Drelated Drugs and Consumables Framework Agreement, the parties may amend the terms of the agreement
based on the then prevailing circumstances.


Pricing

The prices payable by us for procuring the R&D-related Drugs and Consumables have been and will be
determined through arm’s length negotiation primarily based on the production cost of the R&D-related Drugs and
Consumables, the sales price to external third parties and our procurement volume, with reference to a number
of factors applicable to all suppliers, including but not limited to the prevailing market price of the relevant drugs
and consumables of same quality, specifications of the products, delivery capability, response time and the fees
charged for historical transactions of similar nature. The pricing policies have been followed when determining the
price and terms of the transactions conducted during the year.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024      71
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Annual caps and actual amount

The annual caps for the transactions contemplated under the R&D-related Drugs and Consumables Framework
Agreement, and the actual amounts paid or payable for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out below:


                                                                                                             Actual
                                                                                                       tax-included
                                                                                                        transaction
                                                                                                       value for the
                                                                                                        year ended
                                                 Annual cap for the year ended December 31,          December 31,
                                                         2023              2024             2025              2024
                                                   (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)

Amounts payable by our Group to China
     Resources Kelun Group in respect of the
     procurement of the R&D-related Drugs
     and Consumables under the R&D-related
     Drugs and Consumables Framework                  20,000            40,000            30,000             4,035


Licensing Agreement

Kelun Research Institute, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical, as the licensor, and our Company,
as the licensee, entered into a patent and technology license agreement in relation to A167 (the “Licensing
Agreement”) on January 12, 2017, pursuant to which Kelun Research Institute agreed to grant exclusive license
rights to us to globally promote and commercialize A167 (the “Licensed Product”). Kelun Research Institute is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical and a connected person of the Company.


In May 2017, Kelun Research Institute transferred the patent in relation to A167 (the “A167 Patent”) to the
Company at nil consideration, while retaining certain non-patent technologies. To reflect (i) the licensing of the
non-parent technologies by Kelun Research Institute; and (ii) the economic interests of the transferred A167
Patent and its future commercialization value, the Company and Kelun Research Institute agreed to continue the
Licensing Agreement.


Under the Licensing Agreement, we do not need to pay any upfront payment to Kelun Research Institute.
However, we need to share with Kelun Research Institute the profit derived from the sale of the Licensed Product
after its commercialization (the “Profit Sharing”). The Profit Sharing was determined after arms’ length negotiations
between our Group and the Kelun Research Institute with reference to various factors, including but not limited
to the costs and risk of development of the Licensed Product, expected prospects of the development and
commercialization of the Licensed Product and the reasons for and benefits of the transactions contemplated
under the Licensing Agreement. The term of the Licensing Agreement commenced on the date of the agreement
and continues to be in force and effect until the expiration date of the patent of the Licensed Product, being
March 1, 2037.




72      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules provides that the period for the agreement of a continuing connected transaction
must not exceed three years except in special circumstances where the nature of the transaction requires a longer
period. Our Directors are of the view that the nature of Licensing Agreement requires a longer period commencing
from the date of the agreement and continue to be in force until the expiration date of the patent of the Licensed
Product, being March 1, 2037, on the grounds that: (i) the Licensing Agreement allowed our Group and Kelun
Research Institute to spread the risks and costs associated with the marketing and sales of the Licensed
Product and to better deploy their respective resources and established capabilities to expeditiously establish an
advantageous position in relevant markets. Imposing a restriction on the term of the Licensing Agreement for a
period of three years would deviate from the market prevailing practice and be contrary to the business intention
of the parties; (ii) such a long-term cooperation is in the interest of our Company and the Shareholders as a
whole; and (iii) as confirmed by Frost & Sullivan, the term of the Licensing Agreement, which exceeds three years,
is in line with the industry prevailing practice.


Pricing

The payment receivable by the Kelun Research Institute from us for Profit Sharing pursuant to the Licensing
Agreement will be determined in accordance with the following formula:


Sales within the PRC

Amount receivable by Kelun Research Institute under Profit Sharing = net sales revenue 1 x percentage of the profit
sharing ratio2


Sales outside the PRC

Amount receivable by Kelun Research Institute under Profit Sharing = net sales revenue1 x 6%

Notes:


1.   The net sales revenue refers to the revenue generated from the sales of products excluding packing and shipping fees,
     relevant tax, advertising fees and commercial discounts.


2.   The profit sharing rate will be no more than 4% and will be determined based on the NDA filing status of the Licensed
     Product as compared to that of its competitors in the market.


Annual caps and actual amount

We have applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance
with the requirement under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules so as to allow us to set the annual caps in relation to
continuing connected transactions under the Licensing Agreement as the formula in accordance with the terms
as set out in the Licensing Agreement. For details of the grounds for the waiver sought, please refer to the section
headed “Connected Transactions – NON-EXEMPT CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTION – Licensing
Agreement – Caps on Future Transaction Amounts” in the Prospectus.


The waiver is for a term of three years ending on December 31, 2025. The Company will, after taking into
account, among other things, the addressable market, the drug pricing and the historical transaction amount of
the relevant products, re-assess whether a further waiver is required at the expiry of such initial term.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024      73
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the amount paid or payable by us to Kelun Research Institute in respect
of the grant of exclusive license rights to us to globally promote and commercialize A167 under the Licensing
Agreement as determined by the formula in accordance with the terms as set out in the Licensing Agreement was
RMB0.


Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement

In light of the expected approval timeline of the Company’s late-stage pipeline products and as part of the
Company’s ongoing pre-marketing and commercialization strategy, the Group has been identifying suitable
distributors for sales of its products to end customers. On October 31, 2024, the Company entered into the sales
and distribution framework agreement (the “Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement”) with China Resources
Kelun, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to sell certain commercialized products of the Company (the
“Products”) to China Resources Kelun, and China Resources Kelun (as a non-exclusive distributor in the PRC)
has agreed to sell the same to downstream distributors and/or end customers from time to time. The transactions
contemplated under the Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement will be conducted pursuant to an individual
distribution agreement which complies with the terms of the Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement. China
Resources Kelun is an associate of Mr. LIU Sichuan, a Director of the Company. Therefore, China Resources
Kelun is a connected person of the Company.


Pricing

The distribution price of the Products will be negotiated on an arm’s length basis between the Group and China
Resources Kelun on normal commercial terms with reference to:


(1) the distribution and/or sale prices of the Products in comparable transactions conducted by the Group with
     independent third parties during the same period (if any);


(2) the distribution and/or sale prices of similar or comparable products made by similarly situated industry
     players and distributors. The Company will make enquiries regarding distribution prices with industry players
     and conduct research on industry websites, and then compare the references with the prices quoted by the
     Company;


(3) cost and expenses in relation to the Products; and


(4) applicable laws and policies with respect to the pricing, procurement and retailing of pharmaceutical products
     in the PRC.


The pricing policies have been followed when determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted
during the year.




74        SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Annual caps and actual amount

The annual caps for the transactions contemplated under the Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement, and
the actual amounts paid or payable for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out below:



                                                                                                            Actual
                                                                                                      tax-included
                                                                                                  transaction value
                                                                Annual cap for the year ended          for the year
                                                                         December 31,             ended December
                                                                         2024             2025           31, 2024
                                                                   (RMB’000)          (RMB’000)         (RMB’000)

Amounts payable by China Resources Kelun to our
      Group in respect of the sale of the Products under
      the Sales and Distribution Framework Agreement                   10,000            15,000                  506


Confirmation of the auditors

In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the
Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The
Company’s auditor has issued a letter to the Board confirming that in respect of the continuing connected
transactions ended December 31, 2024:


i.     nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing
       connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors.


ii.    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to the auditor’s
       attention that causes the auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions were not, in
       all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group.


iii. nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing
       connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant
       agreements governing such transactions.


iv. with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions set out in the above
       list of continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor
       to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual caps as set by the
       Company.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024         75
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Confirmation of the independent non-executive Directors

The independent non-executive Directors had reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
confirmed that such transactions were entered into:


i.    in the ordinary and usual course of the Group’s business;


ii.   on normal commercial terms or better to the Company; and


iii. in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
      interests of the Shareholders as a whole.


Save as disclosed in the sub-section headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected Transactions”
in this report, during the Reporting Period, the Group did not enter into any other transactions which constituted
connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that were subject to annual review and reporting
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and the Company has complied with the disclosure
requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

None of the related party transactions disclosed in Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements constitute
connected transactions or continuing connected transactions which are required to be disclosed pursuant to
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, except for the transactions disclosed in the sub-section headed “Connected
Transactions” and “Continuing Connected Transactions” in this report, in respect of which the requirements in
accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules have been complied with.


RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEME

The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are required to contribute a certain percentage of their
payroll to the retirement benefits schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to
this retirement benefits schemes is to make the specified contributions.


Details of the pension obligations of the Company are set out in Note 5(b) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in this report. During the Reporting Period, no forfeited contributions had been used by the Group to
reduce the existing level of contributions.


SHARE CAPITAL

On May 8, 2024, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which the
Placing Agents conditionally agreed to procure the placing of, as agent of the Company, or failing which to purchase
itself, 3,648,600 H Shares to multiple placees at the placing price of HK$150.00 per Share. The placing price
represents a discount of approximately 6.83% to the closing price of HK$161.00 per H Share as quoted on the Stock
Exchange on May 7, 2024, being the last trading day prior to the signing of the placing agreement. Completion of the
Placing took place on May 16, 2024. 3,648,600 H Shares were successfully placed by the Placing Agents to not less
than six placees who were individual, professional, institutional and/or other investors at the placing price pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the placing agreement. The net proceeds from the Placing (after deducting all fees,
costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Placing including placing commission and levies)
amounted to approximately HK$541.4 million with the net price of HK$148.39 per H share.


76      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


On May 8, 2024, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Kelun Pharmaceutical (as subscriber),
pursuant to which Kelun Pharmaceutical conditionally agreed to subscribe for and the Company conditionally
agreed to allot and issue a total of 4,423,870 Domestic Shares at the subscription price of RMB136.21 per Share,
equivalent to HK$150.00 per Share, which is the same as the placing price of the Placing. The subscription price
represents a discount of approximately 6.83% to the closing price of HK$161.00 per Share as quoted on the
Stock Exchange on May 7, 2024, being the last trading day prior to the signing of the subscription agreement.
The independent Shareholders approved the Subscription at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company on
June 20, 2024. The Subscription was completed on December 17, 2024. The net proceeds from the Subscription
(after deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Subscription)
amounted to approximately RMB601.4 million with the net price of RMB135.94 per Share.


The Placing and the Subscription were undertaken to further enlarge the Shareholders’ equity base of the
Company, optimize the capital structure of the Company and support the healthy and sustainable development
of the Company. For more details of the Placing and the Subscription, please refer to the Company’s
announcements dated May 8, 2024, May 16, 2024, November 22, 2024 and December 18, 2024, and the
Company’s circular dated May 21, 2024.


The Company received a filing notice dated August 23, 2024 issued by the CSRC in respect of the implementation
of the H Share Full Circulation for an aggregate of 1,157,778 Domestic Shares and Unlisted Foreign Shares (the
“Conversion H Shares”), and the Company received approval from the Stock Exchange for the listing of and
the permission to deal in the Conversion H Shares on September 3, 2024. The conversion of the Conversion H
Shares was completed on September 17, 2024 and the listing of the Conversion H Shares on the Stock Exchange
commenced on September 19, 2024. For more related details, please refer to the Company’s announcement
dated September 17, 2024.


Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 25(c) to
the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at December 31, 2024, the Company did not have any distributable reserves.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING AND OVER-ALLOTMENT
OPTION

The Company received net proceeds of approximately HK$1,258.9 million from the Listing. On August 8,
2023, the Company also received net proceeds of approximately HK$196 million from the full exercise of
the Over-allotment Option. The total net proceeds amounted to approximately HK$1,454.9 million. The
aforementioned net proceeds amounts were arrived at after deducting the underwriting commissions and other
estimated expenses payable by the Company in connection with the full exercise of the Over-allotment Option.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024     77
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Company has utilized, and expects to utilize, the net proceeds from the Global Offering and the full exercise
of the Over-allotment Option in accordance with the intended uses previously disclosed in the Prospectus (following
pro rata adjustment based on the actual net proceeds received). For further details, please refer to the section
headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group
has used the net proceeds from the Global Offering and the full exercise of the Over-allotment Option as follows:

                                                                                                                               Net Proceeds      Net Proceeds
                                                                                            Net proceeds Net proceeds              utilized as    unutilized as
                                                                             Percentage      utilized as at unutilized as at    at the end of     at the end of      Expected
                                                         Allocation of       of total net   December 31, December 31,          the Reporting     the Reporting     time of full
Intended use of net proceeds                             net proceeds          proceeds               2023             2023             Period           Period     utilisation
                                                         RMB in million                      RMB in million RMB in million      RMB in million    RMB in million
(1)     Research, development and
        commercialization of our Core Products,
        namely, SKB264 and A166                                 600.9              45%             297.9             303.0             600.9                 0     Year 2024
(2)     Research, development and
        commercialization of our other key products,
        including A140, A167, A400 and A223                     400.6              30%             220.1             180.5             376.8              23.8     Year 2025
(3)     Continued development of our technology
        platforms, advance our other existing pipeline
        assets and develop new drug candidates                  160.2              12%               70.5             89.7             130.2              30.0     Year 2025
(4)     Funding the expansion of our manufacturing
        capabilities and quality control system to
        support the anticipated commercialization of
        our late-stage assets                                   106.8               8%               96.2             10.6              99.7               7.1     Year 2025
(5)     Working capital and general corporate
        purposes                                                 66.9               5%               29.8             37.1              66.1               0.8     Year 2025
Total                                                        1,335.4   (1)
                                                                                  100%             714.5             620.9           1,273.7              61.7


Note:


(1)      Based on the RMB equivalent of aggregate net proceeds from the Global Offering and the full exercise of the Over-allotment
         Option.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING

On May 16, 2024, the placing of 3,648,600 H Shares to multiple placees at the placing price of HK$150.00 per
Share was completed. The net proceeds from the Placing amounted to approximately HK$541.4 million. For
further details, please refer to the sub-section headed “Share Capital” in this report.


The Company has utilized, and expects to utilize, the net proceeds from the Placing in accordance with the
intended uses previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated May 8, 2024 and May 16, 2024
(the “Placing and Subscription Announcements”). For further details, please refer to the Placing and Subscription
Announcements.




78           SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has used the net proceeds from the Placing as follows:

                                                                                                                Net proceeds        Net proceeds
                                                                                            Percentage of       utilized as at    unutilized as at
                                                                           Allocation of         total net     the end of the      the end of the    Expected time of
Intended use of net proceeds                                               net proceeds         proceeds     Reporting Period    Reporting Period       full utilization
                                                                           RMB in million                       RMB in million      RMB in million
(1)     Research and development, clinical trials, registration filings,
        manufacturing and commercialization of:
        (a) our Core Products                                                     172.1             35%                172.1                    0           Year 2024
        (b) our other products                                                    172.1             35%                165.8                  6.3           Year 2025
(2)     Enhance our internal research and development technology
        capabilities, strengthen external collaboration, and expand
        our product pipeline portfolio                                            122.9             25%                 36.9                86.0            Year 2025
(3)     Working capital and general corporate purposes                             24.6              5%                 11.7                12.9            Year 2025
Total                                                                            491.6(1)          100%                386.4               105.2


Note:


(1)      Based on the RMB equivalent of net proceeds from the Placing.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE SUBSCRIPTION

On December 17, 2024, the subscription of 4,423,870 Domestic Shares by Kelun Pharmaceutical at the
subscription price of RMB136.21 per Share was completed. The net proceeds from the Subscription is
approximately RMB601.4 million. For further details, please refer to the sub-section headed “Share Capital” in this
report.


The Company has utilized, and expects to utilize, the net proceeds from the Subscription in accordance with the
intended uses previously disclosed in the Placing and Subscription Announcements. For further details, please
refer to the Placing and Subscription Announcements.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has used the net proceeds from the Subscription as follows:

                                                                                                                Net proceeds        Net proceeds
                                                                                            Percentage of       utilized as at    unutilized as at
                                                                           Allocation of         total net     the end of the      the end of the    Expected time of
Intended use of net proceeds                                               net proceeds         proceeds     Reporting Period    Reporting Period       full utilization
                                                                           RMB in million                       RMB in million      RMB in million
(1)     Research and development, clinical trials, registration filings,
        manufacturing and commercialization of:
        (a) our Core Products                                                     210.5             35%                 44.0               166.5            Year 2025
        (b) our other products                                                    210.5             35%                 53.3               157.2            Year 2025
(2)     Enhance our internal research and development technology
        capabilities, strengthen external collaboration, and expand
        our product pipeline portfolio                                            150.3             25%                 19.7               130.6            Year 2025
(3)     Working capital and general corporate purposes                             30.1              5%                 30.1                   0            Year 2024
Total                                                                             601.4            100%                147.1               454.3




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024                 79
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver from strict compliance with Rule 8.08(1) of the Listing
Rules, such that the minimum percentage of the Shares from time to time held by the public shall be the higher
of (a) 20.88% and (b) such percentage of Shares of the enlarged issued share capital of the Company held by the
public upon any exercise of the Over-allotment Option. Based on the information that is publicly available to the
Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Directors confirmed that the Company has maintained
the aforementioned minimum public float required by the Stock Exchange since the Listing Date and up to the
Latest Practicable Date.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Save for the Placing and the Subscription (details of which may be found in the section headed “Share Capital” in
this Annual Report), none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has made any purchase, sale or redemption
of the listed securities of the Company (including sale or transfer of treasury shares) during the year ended
December 31, 2024.


The Company has not made any sales or transfer of treasury shares on the Stock Exchange during the year
ended December 31, 2024. As at December 31, 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

On January 15, 2024, June 20, 2024 and December 18, 2024, certain amendments to the articles of association
of the Company came into effect to reflect the registered capital and share capital structure of the Company upon
the full circulation of certain Domestic Shares and Unlisted Foreign Shares (the completion of which took place
in November 2023), the completion of the Placing, the completion of the Subscription and the resignation of
Supervisors. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated December 20, 2023, May 8,
2024, May 31, 2024 and December 18, 2024, and the Company’s circulars dated December 21, 2023, May 21,
2024 and May 31, 2024.


Save as disclosed above, there was no significant change to the constitutional documents of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2024.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the articles of association of the Company or the laws of the
PRC which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing Shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The holders of H Shares of the Company shall pay relevant tax and/or enjoy tax relief and exemption in
accordance with the following provisions:




80    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


According to the relevant requirements of the Notice on relevant Tax Treatment for the Pilot Inter-connected
Mechanism for Trading on the Shanghai and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關 於 滬 港 股 票
市 場 交 易 互 聯 互 通 機 制 試 點 有 關 稅 收 政 策 的 通 知（財 稅 [2014]81 號）》), the Notice on relevant Tax Treatment
for the Pilot Inter-connected Mechanism for Trading on the Shenzhen and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui
[2016] No. 127) (《關 於 深 港 股 票 市 場 交 易 互 聯 互 通 機 制 試 點 有 關 稅 收 政 策 的 通 知（財 稅 [2016]127 號）》) and
the Announcement on Continuing the Implementation of the Shanghai-Hong Kong, Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect and the Personal Income Tax Policies Related to Mutual Recognition of Funds between Mainland China
and Hong Kong (Announcement No.23 of 2023 of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation
and the CSRC) (《關 於 延 續 實 施 滬 港、深 港 股 票 市 場 交 易 互 聯 互 通 機 制 和 內 地 與 香 港 基 金 互 認 有 關 個
人 所 得 稅 政 策 的 公 告（財 政 部 稅 務 總 局 中 國 證 監 會 公 告 2023 年 第 23 號）》) jointly published by the Ministry
of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the China Securities Regulatory Commission, for dividends
received by domestic individual investors from investing in H shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the Company shall
withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20%. As to the withholding tax having been paid abroad,
an individual investor may file an application for tax credit with the competent tax authority of China Securities
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited with an effective credit document. For dividends received by
domestic securities investment funds from investing in shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through
Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the tax payable shall be the
same as that for individual investors. Dividends received by domestic individual investors from investing in shares
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong
Kong Stock Connect shall be included in their total income and subject to enterprise income tax. The Company
will not withhold and pay the income tax of dividends for domestic enterprise investors and those domestic
enterprise investors shall report and pay the relevant tax themselves.


According to the Individual Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中 華 人 民 共 和 國 個 人 所 得 稅
法》) and its implementation rules, dividends paid to individuals by PRC companies are generally subject to an
individual income tax levied at a flat rate of 20%. For an individual who has no domicile in the PRC and is not
resident in the territory of the PRC or who has no domicile in the PRC and has been resident in the territory of the
PRC for less than 183 days cumulatively within a tax year, his/her receipt of dividends from a PRC company is
normally subject to a PRC withholding tax of 20% unless specifically exempted or reduced by an applicable tax
treaty and other tax laws and regulations.


Pursuant to the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning Withholding the Enterprise
Income Tax on Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to Holders of H Shares who are Overseas
Non-resident Enterprises (Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897)(《 關 於 中 國 居 民 企 業 向 境 外 H 股 非 居 民 企 業 股 東
派 發 股 息 代 扣 代 繳 企 業 所 得 稅 有 關 問 題 的 通 知》（國 稅 函 [2008]897 號）), a PRC resident enterprise, when
distributing dividends for 2008 and for the years afterwards to holders of H Shares who are overseas non-resident
enterprises, shall withhold the enterprise income tax at a flat rate of 10%. A non-PRC resident enterprise which is
entitled to a preferential tax rate under an applicable tax treaty or arrangement may, directly or through its agent,
apply to the competent tax authorities for a refund of the excess amount of tax withheld.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     81
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


RELATIONSHIPS WITH THE GROUP’S CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Group values long standing relationships with its suppliers and customers. The Group aims at delivering high
quality products to its customers and developing mutual trust and enhancing communication and commitment
between the Group and its suppliers to maintain sustainable growth.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Reporting Period, revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers and the largest customer
accounted for 97.83% and 95.21%, respectively, of the Group’s total revenue for the Reporting Period.


During the Reporting Period, purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers and the largest supplier
accounted for 7.93% and 25.71%, respectively, of the Group’s total purchases for the Reporting Period.


Each of Kelun Pharmaceutical (a Controlling Shareholder) and Mr. LIU Gexin (Chairman of the Board and
Non-executive Director, and a Controlling Shareholder) had an interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers and
customers for the Reporting Period.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or any of their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or
any Shareholders (whom, to the best knowledge and belief of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s
total issued share capital) had any interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers and customers for the Reporting
Period.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group has compliance policies and procedures in place to ensure adherence to applicable laws, rules and
regulations, in particular, those that have a significant impact on it. The Group would seek professional legal
advice from its legal advisers to ensure that transactions and business to be performed by the Group are in
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied
with the laws, regulations and regulatory requirements of the places where the Group operates in all material
respects, including the requirements under the Companies Ordinance, the Listing Rules, the SFO and the CG
Code for, among other things, the disclosure of information and corporate governance. During the Reporting
Period, none of the Group and the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company were subject
to any investigation initiated or administrative penalties imposed by the CSRC, banned from entering the market,
identified as inappropriate candidates, publicly condemned by stock exchanges, subject to mandatory measures,
transferred to judicial organs or held criminally responsible, and none were involved in any other litigation,
arbitration or administrative proceedings which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. Please refer to the section headed “Regulatory Overview” in the Prospectus
for more details regarding the relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on our business
operation.




82     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


RELATIONSHIPS WITH THE GROUP’S EMPLOYEES

The Group believes that employees are important and valuable assets. The Group will provide trainings for
employees to enhance their knowledge in corporate values and culture and to implement them thoroughly.
Meanwhile, the Group encourages staff on continued studies by giving subsidy to recognized development
courses. The Group also aims to provide competitive and attractive remuneration packages to retain its
employees. The management reviews annually the remuneration package offered to the employees of the Group.
Meanwhile, for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who have contributed
to the success of the Group’s operations, the Company has adopted the Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme.
Details of the scheme is set out in the sub-section headed “Pre-IPO Employee Incentive Scheme” in this report.


CHARITABLE DONATIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not make any charitable donations.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing
Rules.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Particulars of the Company’s corporate governance practices are set out in the section headed “Corporate
Governance Report” of this report.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

Save as disclosed in this report, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company at any time during
or subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2024.


REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. LI Yuedong, Dr. TU
Wenwei and Dr. JIN Jinping. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Dr. LI Yuedong who holds the appropriate
qualification as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee has reviewed
the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 with the management
and the auditors of the Company. The Audit Committee considered that the Consolidated Financial Statements
are in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made
appropriate disclosures thereof. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting
policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with senior management of the Company.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       83
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The Consolidated Financial Statements for the Reporting Period have been audited by KPMG, who will retire and,
being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. Having
been approved by the Board upon the Audit Committee’s recommendation, a resolution for the re-appointment
of KPMG as the independent external auditors for the ensuing year will be put to the forthcoming annual general
meeting of the Company for Shareholder’s approval.


Since the Listing Date, the auditors of the Company have not changed. KPMG was appointed as the auditors of
the Company for the year 2024 at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed above and in this annual report, there were no other important events affecting the Company
which occurred after December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this report of the Directors.




By order of the Board
Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
LIU Gexin
Chairman of the Board and Non-executive Director


Hong Kong, March 24, 2025




84    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORS

With the joint efforts of all Supervisors of the Company and in accordance with the laws and regulations
such as the Company Law, and the provisions of the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedure for
the Supervisory Committee, in the spirit of being responsible to all Shareholders, the Supervisory Committee
conscientiously performed the duties and powers conferred upon it by the relevant laws and regulations, actively
and effectively carried out work, supervised the operation of the Company in accordance with the law and the
performance of duties by the Directors and senior management of the Company, and safeguarded the legitimate
rights and interests of the Company as well as its Shareholders.


The work of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 and the work plan for 2025 are hereby reported as follows:


I. WORK OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN 2024

    (I) In 2024, the Supervisory Committee convened and held four meetings of the Supervisory Committee
        in accordance with the law. The notice, convening and voting procedures for the meetings were in
        compliance with the requirements of the Company Law and other laws and regulations as well as the
        Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedure for the Supervisory Committee. The Supervisory
        Committee considered and approved the following matters:

        Session                          Time of convening   Matter                                                  Opinion
        The sixth meeting of the third   March 25, 2024      To consider the Company’s 2023 annual results            Considered and
          session of the Supervisory                            announcement and annual report, 2023 internal control approved
          Committee                                             self-evaluation report, 2023 Supervisory Committee
                                                                work report, the Company’s 2023 connected
                                                                transactions and the list of connected persons of the
                                                                Company
        The seventh meeting of the third May 31, 2024        To consider the election of Ms. LIAO Yihong ( 廖 益 虹 ) as Considered and
          session of the Supervisory                            the chairperson of the Supervisory Committee of the     approved
          Committee                                             Company
        The eighth meeting of the third June 20, 2024        To consider the documents of domestic share issuance Considered and
          session of the Supervisory                            such as private placement memorandum                    approved
          Committee
        The ninth meeting of the third   August 19, 2024     To consider the relevant documents of the interim results Considered and
          session of the Supervisory                            for the half-year of 2024 and connected transactions     approved
          Committee                                             for the half-year of 2024


    (II) The work of the Supervisory Committee mainly included but was not limited to:

        1.   attending general meetings to understand the operation of the general meetings;


        2.   attending the meetings of the Board of the Company on a non-voting basis as needed to understand
             the operation of the Board;


        3.   reviewing the financial condition of the Company;


        4.   reviewing the periodic reports of the Company prepared by the Board of the Company;


        5.   supervising the conduct of Directors and senior management of the Company in performing their
             duties to the Company.



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024          85
REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORS


II. OPINIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON RELEVANT MATTERS OF THE
    COMPANY IN 2024

     (I) Operation Compliance

         The members of the Board and the senior management of the Company operated in strict compliance
         with the relevant provisions of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, diligently and responsibly
         performed their duties by following a scientific and reasonable decision-making process, and earnestly
         implemented each resolution of the general meetings, and no illegal acts or actions against the interests
         of the Company were found.


     (II) Financial Position of the Company

         The Supervisory Committee reviewed and agreed with the audited consolidated financial statements
         of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024, and believed that the financial statements of
         the Company have given a fair and true view of the financial position and the operating results of the
         Company and its subsidiaries and are free of false representations, misleading statements and material
         omissions.


     (III) Internal Control

         Based on the relevant regulations of the Company Law and the Articles of Association as well as the
         actual situation of the Company, the Company has established a comprehensive internal control system,
         which covers the main aspects of the Company’s operation and ensures full and effective implementation
         and supervision of the Company’s internal control.


     (IV) Integrity and Self-discipline

         The Directors and senior management of the Company consciously and strictly regulated themselves to
         abide by the laws and regulations with honesty and self-discipline, and no illegal acts due to personal
         interests were found.


     (V) Connected Transactions of the Company

         Please refer to the “Report on General Condition of Connected Transactions for the Year of 2024” for
         details on the connected transactions of the Company during the Reporting Period.


     (VI) External Guarantees of the Company

         During the Reporting Period, the Company did not provide any external guarantees.




86     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                    REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORS


III. WORK PLAN FOR 2025

    Due to adjustments in the corporate governance structure, the Company intends to abolish the Supervisory
    Committee in 2025, with the statutory duties of the Supervisory Committee to be exercised by the Audit
    Committee. The Company’s Supervisory Committee will continue to properly perform its duties in accordance
    with laws and regulations, and the Company’s rules and regulations before its dissolution.




By order of the Supervisory Committee
Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
LIAO Yihong
Chairman of the Supervisory Committee


March 24, 2025




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   87
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to report to the Shareholders on the corporate governance of the Company for the year
ended December 31, 2024.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards.


The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies
and policies, and enhance its transparency and accountability. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the
Board was satisfied that the Company’s culture is aligned with its purposes, values and strategies.


Since the Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on July 11, 2023, the
Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the
Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices since the Listing Date.


In the opinion of the Directors, throughout the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company has complied with
all the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code.


The Company has also put in place certain recommended best practices as set out in the CG Code.


The Board will continue to review and monitor its code of corporate governance practices of the Company with
an aim to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct
regarding dealings in the securities of the Company by the Directors, the Supervisors and the Group’s employees
who, because of his/her office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Group or
the Company’s securities.


Upon specific enquiry, all Directors and Supervisors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code for
the year ended December 31, 2024. In addition, the Company is not aware of any non-compliance with the Model
Code by the senior management of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and is
collectively responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.
Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.




88     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements
of the Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her
responsibilities to the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are
commensurate with their role and the Board’s responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of
executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a
strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.


Board Composition

The Board currently comprises eleven Directors, consisting of one executive Director, six non-executive Directors,
and four independent non-executive Directors.


Executive Director

Dr. GE Junyou (General Manager)


Non-executive Directors

Mr. LIU Gexin (Chairman of the Board)
Mr. LIU Sichuan
Mr. LAI Degui
Mr. FENG Hao
Mr. ZENG Xuebo
Mr. LI Dongfang


Independent Non-executive Directors

Dr. ZHENG Qiang
Dr. TU Wenwei
Dr. JIN Jinping
Dr. LI Yuedong


The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” on pages 41 to 51 of this Annual Report. The relationships between the Directors are disclosed
in the respective Director’s biography under the section “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this
Annual Report. Mr. LIU Gexin is the father of Mr. LIU Sichuan. Save as disclosed, there is no relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) between the Board members and in particular,
between the Chairman and the General Manager.


Directors’ Attendance Records

For the year ended December 31, 2024 the Company convened four regular Board meetings in each financial
year at approximately quarterly intervals in accordance with code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     89
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The attendance record of each Director at the Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and general meetings
of the Company held for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in the table below:


                                                                        Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                         Audit Remuneration    Nomination             General
Name of Director                                          Board      Committee    Committee     Committee             Meeting
Executive Directors
Dr. GE Junyou                                                4/4            N/A             N/A            N/A           2/2
Dr. WANG Jingyi (resigned on May 31, 2024)                   0/1            N/A             N/A            N/A           0/1
Non-executive Directors
Mr. LIU Gexin                                                4/4            N/A             N/A            1/1           2/2
Mr. LIU Sichuan                                              2/4            N/A             0/1            N/A           2/2
Mr. LAI Degui (appointed on June 20, 2024)                   3/3            N/A             N/A            N/A           0/0
Mr. FENG Hao                                                 3/4            N/A             N/A            N/A           2/2
Mr. ZENG Xuebo                                               4/4            N/A             N/A            N/A           2/2
Mr. LI Dongfang                                              4/4            N/A             N/A            N/A           2/2
Independent non-executive Directors
Dr. ZHENG Qiang                                              4/4            N/A             1/1            1/1           2/2
Dr. TU Wenwei                                                3/4            2/2             N/A            0/1           2/2
Dr. JIN Jinping                                              4/4            2/2             1/1            N/A           2/2
Dr. LI Yuedong                                               4/4            2/2             N/A            N/A           2/2


Note:    During the year ended December 31, 2024:–


         •    The Board held four regular meetings and circulated written resolutions eight times.


         •    The Audit Committee held two regular meetings and circulated written resolutions once.


         •    The Remuneration Committee held one regular meeting and circulated written resolutions three times.


         •    The Nomination Committee held one regular meeting and circulated written resolutions three times.


         •    General meetings were convened twice on January 15, 2024 and June 20, 2024 respectively.


The attendance record of Dr. WANG Jingyi at the meeting by his alternate is set out below:


                                                                                                                 Attendance/
Name of alternate                                                                             Number of Board Meeting

Dr. GE Junyou                                                                                                            1/1


The attendance record of Mr. LIU Sichuan at the meetings by his alternate is set out below:


                                                                                                     Attendance/Number of
                                                              Attendance/Number               Remuneration Committee
Name of alternate                                                  of Board Meeting                                 Meeting

Mr. LIU Gexin/Dr. ZHENG Qiang                                                      2/2                                   1/1




90      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The attendance record of Mr. FENG Hao at the meeting by his alternate is set out below:


                                                                                          Attendance/Number
Name of alternate                                                                            of Board Meeting

Dr. GE Junyou                                                                                                  1/1


The attendance record of Dr. TU Wenwei at the meetings by his alternate is set out below:


                                                                                      Attendance/Number of
                                                       Attendance/Number              Nomination Committee
Name of alternate                                         of Board Meeting                             Meeting

Dr. ZHENG Qiang                                                           1/1                                  1/1


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the chairman of the Board held one meeting with the independent
non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.


Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management

The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible
for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning. The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of
regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent
judgement on corporate actions and operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company’s expense for discharging their
duties to the Company.


The Directors should disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them in public companies or
organizations and other significant commitments. The Board should regularly review the contribution required
from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company, and whether he/she is spending sufficient
time performing such responsibilities.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation
and management of the Company are delegated to the management.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         91
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Chairman and General Manager

The positions of Chairman and General Manager (same role as the position of chief executive pursuant to the
CG Code) are held by Mr. LIU Gexin and Dr. GE Junyou respectively. The Chairman provides leadership and
is responsible for the effective functioning and leadership of the Board. The General Manager focuses on the
Company’s business development and daily management and operations generally.


Independent Non-executive Directors

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to
the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of
whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


Each independent non-executive Director should inform our Company as soon as possible if there is any
change of circumstances which may affect his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
No such notification was received by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024. The Company has
received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his/
her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company considers all independent non-executive Directors are independent.


Board Independence Evaluation

The Company has established mechanisms in accordance with the code provision B.1.4 of the CG Code to ensure
independent views and input are available to the Board, channels are in place through formal and informal means whereby
independent non-executive Directors can express their independent views in an open and candid manner and exercise
judgement to better safeguard Shareholders’ interests as well as in a confidential manner, should circumstances require;
these include dedicated meeting sessions with the Chairman and interaction with management and other Board members
including the Chairman outside the boardroom. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and
non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on
the Board, which enables it effectively exercise independent judgment. External independent professional advice is available
as and when required by individual Directors. The mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the
Board is reviewed annually. The Nomination Committee has reviewed the mechanisms for obtaining independent views and
opinions and confirmed that the mechanisms are operating effectively.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the
mechanism and the results were satisfactory.


Appointment and Re-election of Directors

Under the Articles of Association, the Directors shall be elected or replaced by a general meeting. Directors are
appointed for a term of three years, subject to re-election upon expiry of the term.


The Company has entered into a service agreement or an appointment letter with each of the Directors (including
non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors). Such service contracts and appointment
letters are for a term commencing from the date of appointment to the expiry of the term of office of the current
session of the Board.


None of the directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service
contract with the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of compensation, other
than statutory compensation.


92     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Continuous Professional Development of Directors

Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their
responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.


Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of
his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company
and full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory
requirements. Such induction shall be supplemented by visits to the Company’s key plant sites and meetings with
senior management of the Company.


Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would be arranged and reading material on
relevant topics would be provided to Directors where appropriate.


All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company organized training sessions for all Directors. The training
sessions covered a wide range of relevant topics including Directors’ duties and responsibilities, corporate
governance, continuing obligations and regulatory updates.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, all Directors have participated in appropriate training so as to deepen
their understanding of the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. Mr. LAI Degui had obtained the
legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 27 May 2024, and he has confirmed he understood
his obligations as a director.


The training records of the Directors for the year ended December 31, 2024 are summarized as follows:


Directors                                                                                   Type of Training Note

Executive Directors
Dr. GE Junyou                                                                                                   A
Dr. WANG Jingyi (resigned on May 31, 2024)                                                                      A
Non-executive Directors
Mr. LIU Gexin                                                                                                   A
Mr. LIU Sichuan                                                                                                 A
Mr. LAI Degui (appointed on June 20, 2024)                                                                      A
Mr. FENG Hao                                                                                                    A
Mr. ZENG Xuebo                                                                                                  A
Mr. LI Dongfang                                                                                                 A
Independent Non-executive Directors
Dr. ZHENG Qiang                                                                                                 A
Dr. TU Wenwei                                                                                                   A
Dr. JIN Jinping                                                                                                 A
Dr. LI Yuedong                                                                                                  A




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       93
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Note:


Type of Training


A:   Attending training sessions, including but not limited to briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops.


BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and
Nomination Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the
Company are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties.
The terms of reference of Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee are published
on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website and are available to Shareholders upon request.


Audit Committee

The Audit Committee consists of three members, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors, namely
Dr. LI Yuedong, Dr. TU Wenwei and Dr. JIN Jinping. Dr. LI Yuedong is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code.
The main duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in reviewing the financial information of the
Company and their reporting process, risk management and internal control systems, effectiveness of the internal
audit function, scope of audit and appointment of external auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the
Company to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of
the Company.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Audit Committee met twice and one written resolution was approved
by the Audit Committee, during which the Audit Committee mainly reviewed the proposals regarding the audit
procedures for the year ended December 31, 2023 (“FY2023”) and the review procedures for the six months
ended June 30, 2024 (“2024 Interim Period”) conducted by the independent auditor, along with their results; the
Company’s annual results announcement and annual report for FY2023, the interim results announcement and
interim report of 2024 Interim Period, the appointment of the audit firm for the year 2024; the work reports on
the Company’s internal audit and risk management, the effectiveness of risk management and internal control
systems, the update on the conflict of interest declarations, the connected transactions of the Company and their
estimations, and the update on the list of connected persons.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Audit Committee also met the external auditor of the Company once
without the presence of the management.


Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, including one non-executive Director, namely Mr. LIU
Sichuan, and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. ZHENG Qiang, and Dr. JIN Jinping. Dr.
ZHENG Qiang is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.




94      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG
Code. The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include making recommendations to the Board on
the remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and senior management, making recommendations to the
Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management, and establishing
transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy and structure.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Remuneration Committee met once and three written resolutions
were approved by the Remuneration Committee, during which the Remuneration Committee mainly reviewed the
proposals regarding the specific remuneration packages for the Company’s Directors and supervisors for the year
2024, and the Company’s remuneration policy.


The remuneration (excluding share-based payments) of the senior management (excluding Directors), whose
biographical details are included in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this
Annual Report, during the year falls within the following bands:


Annual remuneration (RMB)                                                              Number of Individuals

0 to 1,000,000                                                                                                1
1,000,001 to 2,000,000                                                                                        1
2,000,001 to 3,000,000                                                                                        3
3,000,001 to 4,000,000                                                                                        1
4,000,001 to 5,000,000                                                                                        2
6,000,001 to 7,000,000                                                                                        1


The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference to the
Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution
of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises basic salary, pensions
and discretionary bonus. The remuneration policy for independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that
independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the
Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for the independent
non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and
responsibilities by the Board. Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their
own remuneration.


Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee consists of three members, including one non-executive Director, namely Mr. LIU
Gexin, and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. ZHENG Qiang and Dr. TU Wenwei. Mr. LIU
Gexin is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       95
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG
Code. The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, developing
and formulating relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors, making recommendations
to the Board on the appointment and succession planning of Directors, reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and
the Director Nomination Policy and assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors.


In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as
well as factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination
Committee would discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where
necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption.


In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would extensively
identify candidates for Directors within the Company and its controlling (investee) enterprises as well as in the
labor market. It will gather information about the occupation, education background, job title, detailed information
in relation to the work experience and all the part-time positions of the preliminary proposed candidates, and
formulate written materials thereon. Then it will convene a committee meeting to conduct qualification review on
the candidates in accordance with the requirements for Directors, and then submit to the Board its proposals and
relevant information on the candidates for the new Directors.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Nomination Committee met once and three written resolutions
were approved by the Nomination Committee, during which the Nomination Committee mainly reviewed the
proposals regarding the independence of the Company’s independent non-executive Directors, the structure and
performance of the Board and the Board diversity policy, as well as the Company’s nomination policy.


Board Diversity Policy

The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity of the Board.
The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at
the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its
ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest possible pool of available talent.


Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews annually the structure, size and
composition of the Board and where appropriate, makes recommendations on changes to the Board to
complement the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile.
In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity
at all levels and will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to talent, skills, gender, age, cultural
and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, independence, knowledge and length of service.
Meanwhile, the Company will consider the above factors based on its business model and its specific needs from
time to time. All Board appointments will ultimately be based on meritocracy and candidates will be considered
against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.


The Nomination Committee will discuss and where necessary, agree on the measurable objectives for achieving
diversity on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption. The Company aims to maintain an
appropriate balance of diversity of perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the Company’s business growth.




96     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nomination Committee has conducted an annual review of the Board Diversity Policy to ensure its
effectiveness. The review results are satisfactory. The Nomination Committee and the Board consider that the
current composition of the Board is sufficiently diverse and has met the objectives set out in the Board Diversity
Policy and provided the Company with a good balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
appropriate to the requirements of its business. The Board targeted to achieve and has achieved to have at least
one female Director. In accordance with the new requirements under the CG Code effective on July 1, 2025, the
Company has set an initial target of appointing at least one female Director in the Nomination Committee to take a
step further ensuring diverse perspectives in reviewing the diversity of the Board.


Gender Diversity

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. Currently, the Board has two female Directors
and nine male Directors, and the Company’s general manager, representing its senior management, is male. The
Board has achieved its target of having at least one female Director, and considers that the above current gender
diversity in the Board is satisfactory. The Board will continue to embrace gender diversity when making future
board appointments but no specific targets or timelines to further enhance gender diversity have been set as the
Board is of the view that all aspects of diversity should be considered as a whole in the selection of candidates
for directorship. The same approach to gender diversity at the Board level also applies to the Group’s workforce,
including its senior management. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group,
including the Board and senior management as at the date of this Annual Report:


                                                                                       Female                 Male
                                                                                (Percentage           (Percentage
                                                                                 (Number of            (Number of
                                                                                        staff))              staff))

Board                                                                                 18.2% (2)           81.8% (9)
Senior Management (excluding executive Directors)                                        0% (0)            100% (8)
Other employees                                                                56.3% (1,030)           43.7% (798)
Overall workforce                                                              55.9% (1,032)           44.1% (815)


We will implement policies to ensure gender diversity when recruiting staff to develop a pipeline of female senior
management and potential successors to the Board. We will strive to enhance our female representation and
achieve appropriate balance of gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’ expectation and international
and local recommended best practices. Furthermore, we continue to embrace gender diversity aimed at
identifying and training our female staff who display leadership and potential, with the goal of promoting them to
the senior management or the Board. We do not consider it appropriate to set any specific gender target for its
workforce as the Board is of the view that all aspects of diversity should be considered as a whole in the selection
of candidates. As an equal opportunity employer, our Company also takes into account other relevant factors in
its hiring decisions. We consider that the current gender ratio of the workforce of the Group, including the Board,
is appropriate for its current business model and operational needs.


Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the Environmental, Social and
Governance Report on pages 108 to 172 of this Annual Report.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024        97
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Director Nomination

Pursuant to the Articles of Association and the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee, the election and
change of Directors shall be considered by the Shareholders at the general meetings.


Shareholders individually or jointly holding three percent or more of the Company’s Shares with voting rights may
directly nominate candidates for election as Directors by way of a proposed resolution in writing, but the number
of persons nominated shall comply with the Articles of Association and shall not be greater than the number of
Directors proposed to be elected. The proposed resolution shall be delivered to the Company at least 10 business
days before the date of the relevant general meeting for consideration at the general meeting.


The Nomination Committee recommends candidates for directorship, taking into consideration the Board Diversity
Policy and the candidates’ specific qualifications (including whether the candidates can bring views, perspectives,
skills, and experience to the Board, and whether the candidates can contribute to the diversity of the Board
members). The Board will then shortlist the candidates for submission to the general meeting for consideration.


Save for the appointment of Mr. LAI Degui as a non-executive Director of the third session of the Board at the
annual general meeting held on June 20, 2024 and the resignation of Dr. WANG Jingyi as an executive Director
on May 31, 2024, for the year ended December 31, 2024, there was no other change in the composition of the
Board.


The Nomination Committee will review the policy in relation to the nomination of Directors, as appropriate, to
ensure its effectiveness.


Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies
and practices, training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, the
Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, compliance with the
Model Code and the “Code for Securities Transactions by Relevant Employees”, and the Company’s compliance
with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance Report.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement
or loss.


The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is
willing to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and
effective risk management and internal control systems.




98       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board has also established a Risk Prevention and Control Leadership Group ( 風 險 防 控 領 導 小 組 ),
consisting of the General Manager and division heads, together with the Audit Committee, which assists the
Board in leading the management and overseeing their design, implementation and monitoring of the risk
management and internal control systems.


The Company has developed and adopted various risk management procedures and guidelines with defined
authority for implementation by key business processes and office functions, including project management, sales
and leasing, financial reporting, human resources and information technology.


The Company’s risk management and internal control systems have been developed with the following principles,
features and processes:


Risk Management

We recognize that risk management is critical to the success of our business operation. Key operational risks
faced by us include changes in the general market conditions and the regulatory environment of the Chinese and
global biopharmaceuticals markets, our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize our drug candidates,
and our ability to compete with other biopharmaceutical companies. We also face various market risks. In
particular, we are exposed to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks that arise in the normal course of
our business.


We have adopted a comprehensive set of risk management policies which set out a risk management framework
to identify, assess, evaluate and monitor key risks associated with our strategic objectives on an on-going basis.
Risks identified by management will be analyzed on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly
followed up and mitigated and rectified by our Group and reported to the Board. The Board supervises the
implementation and reviews the effectiveness of our risk management policies at least once a year.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, to monitor the ongoing implementation of risk management policies
and corporate governance measures, we have adopted, among other things, the following risk management
measures:


•   The Board has the responsibility to oversee and manage the overall risks associated with our business
    operations, including (i) reviewing and approving our risk management policy to ensure that it is consistent
    with our corporate objectives; (ii) reviewing and approving annual working plan and annual report of our
    corporate risk management; (iii) monitoring the most significant risks associated with our business operation
    and our management’s handling of such risks; (iv) reviewing our corporate risk in the light of our corporate
    risk tolerance; and (v) monitoring and ensuring the appropriate application of our risk management framework
    across our Group.


•   Our internal audit department, led by our Risk Prevention and Control Leadership Group, is responsible for
    (i) formulating our risk management policy and reviewing major risk management issues of our Company; (ii)
    formulating annual working plan and annual report of risk management; (iii) providing guidance on our risk
    management approach to the relevant departments in our Company and supervising the implementation of
    our risk management policy by the relevant departments; (iv) reviewing the relevant departments’ reporting on
    key risks and providing feedback; and (v) education and training in relation to risk management.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     99
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 •    The relevant departments in our Company, including but not limited to the finance department, the legal
      department and the human resources department, are responsible for implementing our risk management
      policy and carrying out our day-to-day risk management practice. In order to formalize risk management
      across our Group and set a common level of transparency and risk management performance, the relevant
      departments have and will continue to (i) gather information about the risks relating to their operation or
      function; (ii) conduct risk assessments, which include the identification, prioritization, measurement and
      categorization of all key risks that could potentially affect their objectives; (iii) continuously monitor the key
      risks relating to their operation or function; (iv) implement appropriate risk responses where necessary;
      (v) develop and maintain an appropriate mechanism to facilitate the application of our risk management
      framework; and (vi) timely report to our internal audit department and Risk Prevention and Control Leadership
      Group upon the discovery of material risks.


 We consider that our Directors and members of our senior management possess the necessary knowledge and
 experience in providing good corporate governance oversight in connection with risk management and internal
 control.


 Internal Control

 Our Board is responsible for establishing our internal control system and reviewing its effectiveness annually.
 During the year ended December 31, 2024, we reviewed and enhanced our internal control system. Below is a
 summary of the internal control policies, measures and procedures we have implemented:–


 •    We have adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our business operation, such
      as related party transaction, risk management, protection of intellectual property, environmental protection
      and occupational health and safety. We provide periodic training about these measures and procedures to
      our employees as part of our employee training program. Our internal audit department conducts audit field
      work to monitor the implementation of our internal control policies, reports the weakness identified to our
      management and Audit Committee and follows up on the rectification actions.


 •    Our Directors (who are responsible for monitoring the corporate governance of our Group) with help from our
      legal advisers, will also periodically review our compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations.


 •    We have established the Audit Committee which (i) makes recommendations to our Directors on the
      appointment and removal of external auditors and (ii) reviews the financial statements and renders advice in
      respect of financial reporting as well as oversees internal control procedures of our Group.


 •    We have engaged First Shanghai Capital Limited as our compliance adviser to provide advice to our Directors
      and management team until the end of the first full fiscal year commencing after the Listing Date regarding
      matters relating to the Listing Rules. Our compliance adviser is expected to ensure our use of funding
      complies with the intended use of proceeds previously disclosed in the Prospectus, as well as to provide
      support and advice regarding requirements of relevant regulatory authorities in a timely fashion.




100     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•   We have engaged Zhong Lun Law Firm LLP as our PRC legal adviser to advise us on and keep us abreast
    with PRC laws and regulations. We will continue to arrange various trainings to be provided by external
    legal advisers from time to time when necessary and/or any appropriate accredited institution to update our
    Directors, senior management, and relevant employees on the latest PRC laws and regulations.


•   We intend to maintain strict anti-corruption policies among our sales personnel and distributors in our future
    sales and marketing activities. We will also strive to ensure that our sales and marketing personnel comply
    with applicable promotion and advertising requirements in the future.


We will conduct periodic review of relevant laws and regulations and amend our internal policies to ensure
compliance with the latest applicable laws and regulations.


All divisions/departments conducted internal control assessment regularly to identify risks that potentially impact
the business of the Group and various aspects including key operational and financial processes, regulatory
compliance and information security. Self-evaluation has been conducted annually to confirm that control policies
are properly complied with by each division/department.


The management, in coordination with division/department heads, assessed the likelihood of risk occurrence,
provide treatment plans, and monitor the risk management progress, and reported to the Audit Committee and
the Board on all findings and the effectiveness of the systems.


The management has reported to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control systems for the year ended December 31, 2024.


The internal audit department is responsible for performing independent review of the adequacy and effectiveness
of the risk management and internal control systems. The internal audit department examined key issues in
relation to the accounting practices and all material controls and provided its findings and recommendations for
improvement to the Audit Committee.


The Company has in place the Anti-Corruption Policy and Anti-Fraud Policy to safeguard against corruption
and bribery within the Company. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available
for employees of the Company to report any suspected corruption and bribery. Employees can also make
anonymous reports to the internal audit department, legal department or the human resources department. All
reported cases will be centralized and submitted to the Audit Committee, which is responsible for investigating
the reported incidents and taking appropriate measures within their terms of reference. The Company continues
to carry out anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities to cultivate a culture of integrity, and actively organizes
anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of anti-corruption and anti-bribery.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, there was one anti-corruption/anti-fraud training provided to all
employees. Furthermore, all new staff are required to complete e-learning for anti-corruption and anti-fraud. There
were no non-compliance cases in relation to bribery and corruption.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   101
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the Company’s Directors,
 senior management and relevant employees in handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure
 and responding to enquiries. Control procedures have been implemented to ensure that unauthorized access and
 use of inside information are strictly prohibited.


 The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the management report and the internal audit
 findings, conducted an annual review of the risk management and internal control systems for the year ended
 December 31, 2024, which covered the financial, operational and compliance controls, the financial reporting
 and internal audit function and staff qualifications, experience and relevant resources. The Board endorsed the
 quality of the Company’s internal audit and risk management work for the year 2024, approved the content of the
 self-assessment report on internal control, and confirmed the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management
 and internal monitoring. The Company’s risk management and internal control systems for the year 2024 have
 been considered effective and adequate, with anti-corruption and anti-fraud systems and procedures functioning
 well.


 DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended December
 31, 2024.


 The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
 doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


 The statement of the external auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial
 statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 173 to 177 of this Annual Report.


 AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

 The remuneration paid and payable to the external auditor of the Company in respect of audit services and
 non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2024 is set out below:


 Service Category                                                                             Fees Paid/Payable
                                                                                                             RMB

 Audit Services                                                                                         2,852,830
 Non-audit Services
      – Assurance Report on Differences in Standards                                                      226,415
      – Tax Services                                                                                      566,038
 Total                                                                                                  3,645,283




102       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY

For the year ended December 31, 2024, Mr. ZHOU Zejian and Ms. FUNG Wai Sum have served as the Company’s
joint company secretaries, of which Mr. Zhou is a full time employee of the Company and Ms. Fung is an external
company secretary. Mr. Zhou is also our chief financial officer and has day-to-day knowledge of the Company’s
affairs. With effect from January 1, 2025, Ms. FUNG Wai Sum has resigned as the joint company secretary of the
Company; and the Board has resolved to appoint Mr. CHUNG Ming Fai as the joint company secretary of the
Company following the resignation of Ms. Fung. Mr. Chung is also an external company secretary.


All Directors have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate governance
and board practices and matters. Mr. Zhou has been designated as the primary corporate contact person at the
Company who would work and communicate with the external company secretary on the Company’s corporate
governance and secretarial and administrative matters.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, each of Mr. Zhou and Ms. Fung has taken not less than 15 hours of
relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting

Shareholders who individually or jointly hold more than ten percent of the Shares of the Company shall have
the right to propose to the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting, and shall make such proposal
to the Board in writing. The Board shall, in accordance with the provisions of laws, administrative regulations,
departmental rules, the securities regulatory rules of the place where the Company’s Shares are listed and the
Articles of Association, give written feedback on approval or disapproval of the convening of an extraordinary
general meeting within ten days after receiving the written request.


When the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such meeting
within five days after the resolution is made by the Board. Changes in the original proposal in the notice shall be
subject to the approval of relevant Shareholders. Where the laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules,
securities regulatory rules of the places where the Company’s Shares are listed have any other provisions, such
provisions shall prevail.


If the Board does not agree to hold the extraordinary general meeting or fails to give a reply within ten days
after receipt of the request, Shareholders severally or jointly holding more than ten percent of the Shares of
the Company shall be entitled to propose and request in writing to the Supervisory Committee to convene an
extraordinary general meeting.


If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such
meeting within five days after receipt of the said request. Changes in the original request in the notice shall be
subject to the approval of relevant Shareholders.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024    103
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


 If the Supervisory Committee fails to give the notice of the general meeting within the specified time limit, it shall
 be deemed to have failed to convene or preside over the meeting, in which case, Shareholders who individually or
 collectively hold more than ten percent of the Shares of the Company for more than ninety consecutive days may
 summon and preside over the meeting themselves.


 If the Supervisory Committee or the Shareholders decide to summon a general meeting on their own initiative,
 they shall notify the Board in writing and make a filing with the securities regulatory authority of the Company’s
 place of registration and the Stock Exchange in accordance with the applicable regulations.


 Where the Shareholders summon a general meeting, the shareholding of the summoning Shareholder prior to
 the resolution of the general meeting shall not be less than ten percent of the Shares with voting rights of the
 Company.


 The Supervisory Committee or the summoning Shareholder shall submit the relevant supporting documents to the
 securities regulatory authority of the Company’s place of registration and the Stock Exchange when giving notice
 of the Shareholders’ general meeting and when announcing the resolutions of the Shareholders’ general meeting,
 and in accordance with the applicable regulations.


Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

 Shareholders individually or jointly holding more than three percent of Shares in the Company are entitled to make
 proposals at the general meeting.


 Shareholders individually or jointly holding at least three percent of the Shares of the Company may submit
 extempore proposals in writing to the convener ten days prior to the date of such meeting. The convener shall
 issue a supplementary notice of the general meeting and make a public announcement of the contents of such
 extempore proposal within two days after receipt of the proposal, and submit such extempore proposal to the
 general meeting for consideration. The contents of such an extempore proposal shall fall within the scope of the
 functions and powers of the general meeting, and contain a clear topic and a specific resolution.


 In the notice of the general meetings, the Board will provide the Shareholders with the matters and proposals
 submitted for consideration at the meeting as well as the contact information of the contact person(s) for the
 meeting. During the general meetings, Shareholders can raise questions or suggestions as to the matters and
 proposals submitted for consideration, and the Directors attending the meeting are responsible for explaining,
 recording and, if necessary, providing further details.


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board

 For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. The
 Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


Contact Details

 Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings, if any, to the Company’s H Share Registrar
 in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell
 Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.




104     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Shareholders may make enquiries to the Board or the Company in relation to corporate governance or other
matters by mail to the Company’s headquarters (No. 666 Xinhua Avenue, Chengdu Cross-Strait Science
and Technology Industrial Development Park, Wenjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, the PRC) or
the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong (Attention: Joint Company Secretary of Sichuan
Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd., 40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248 Queen’s Road East,
Wanchai, Hong Kong).


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company has
adopted the Shareholders’ Communication Policy, which aims to set out the approach of the Board to provide
Shareholders of the Company and other stakeholders (including potential investors) information about the
Company, in a fair and equal manner. In accordance with the Shareholders’ Communication Policy, the Company
endeavors to maintain an ongoing communication with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general
meetings and other general meetings. At the forthcoming annual general meeting, our Directors (or their delegates
as appropriate) will be available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.


The Company discloses information and publishes corporate communication to the public on the Stock
Exchange’s website in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules and the relevant laws and regulations.
The primary focus of the Company is to ensure information disclosure is timely, fair, accurate, truthful and does
not contain any material omission, thereby enabling Shareholders, investors as well as the public to make rational
and informed decisions. To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at https://
kelun-biotech.com where information and updates on the Company’s business developments and operations,
financial information, corporate governance practices and other information are available for public access.


Shareholders’ Communication Policy

The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy. The policy aims at promoting effective
communication with Shareholders and other stakeholders, encouraging Shareholders to engage actively with the
Company and enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights as Shareholders effectively. We annually review the
implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy (with communication channels).
Following our review for the year ended December 31, 2024, we have concluded that the above policy provides
sufficient opportunity and channels for ongoing communication between the Company (including the Board and
management) and our Shareholders.


The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders
as follows:


(a) General Meetings

    Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings, and if they are unable to attend, they may
    appoint proxies to attend and vote on their behalf at meetings.


    The Company will make appropriate arrangements for general meetings to encourage Shareholders’
    participation.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   105
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The Company will review the procedures for general meetings from time to time to ensure its compliance
      with the provisions of the Articles of Association, the Listing Rules and the applicable laws of the PRC and to
      follow good corporate governance practices.


      Board members, appropriate management executives and external auditor of the Company and such other
      persons as the Directors consider appropriate shall attend general meetings to answer questions from
      Shareholders.


      The relevant circular and meeting materials will be despatched to the Shareholders in advance in accordance
      with the relevant provisions of the Listing Rules.


(b) Shareholders’ Enquiries

      Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings, if any, to the Company’s H Share
      Registrar in Hong Kong.


      Shareholders and investors may at any time request for the Company’s information to the extent such
      information is publicly available.


      Shareholders may at any time direct enquiries (including any questions regarding the Shareholders’
      Communication Policy), request for the Company’s information to the extent such information is publicly
      available, and provide comments and suggestions to the office of the Board. Such questions, requests
      and comments may be sent by mail to the Company’s headquarters (No. 666 Xinhua Avenue, Chengdu
      Cross-Strait Science and Technology Industrial Development Park, Wenjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan
      Province, PRC) or the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong (Attention: Joint Company
      Secretary of Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd., 40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
      Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong).


      In order to facilitate timely and effective communication and exchange, Shareholders are encouraged to
      provide their contact details, in particular email addresses, to the Company’s H Share Registrar in Hong
      Kong.


(c) Company’s Website

      A dedicated “Investor Relations” section is available on the Company’s website. Information on the
      Company’s website is updated on a regular basis.


      Information published by the Company on the website of the Stock Exchange will also be posted on the
      Company’s website immediately thereafter. Such information includes, but is not limited to, annual reports,
      interim reports, announcements, circulars, notices of general meetings and information required to be
      disclosed from time to time under the Listing Rules.


      Press releases and publications published by the Company from time to time will also be available from the
      Company’s website.




106     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(d) Communication with the Capital Markets

    The Company will launch various activities from time to time, such as briefing sessions, roadshows, media
    interviews and marketing activities for investors, to facilitate communication and exchange of views between
    the Company and Shareholders and investors.


    The designated personnel of the Company shall comply with relevant rules and the disclosure policies of
    the Company regarding the disclosure obligations and provisions when contacting or communicating with
    investors, analysts, media or other relevant external parties.


Amendments to Constitutional Documents

Save as disclosed in the section headed ”Change in Constitutional Documents” under the “Report of the
Directors”, there has been no other significant change to the Articles of Association during the year ended
December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this Annual Report.


The Board has considered and approved on October 31, 2024 the resolutions on certain proposed amendments
to the Articles of Association to reflect (a) the change in share capital structure of the Company resulting from the
completion of the full circulation of certain domestic shares and unlisted foreign shares of the Company held by
certain shareholders of the Company (as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated September 17,
2024); and (b) the newly amended Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中 華 人 民 共 和 國 公 司 法》)
which came into effect on July 1, 2024 after taking into account the actual conditions of the Company. Please
refer to the announcement of the Company dated October 31, 2024 for more details. After the Reporting Period,
the Board has considered and approved on January 28, 2025 the resolutions on certain proposed amendments
to reflect the change in share capital structure of the Company which will result from the completion of the H
share full circulation of certain domestic shares of the Company held by certain shareholders. Please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated January 28, 2025 for more details. The aforesaid proposed amendments to
the Articles of Association are subject to shareholders’ approval at the next general meeting.


Dividend Policy

The Company has adopted a dividend policy on payment of dividends. The Company does not have any
pre-determined dividend payout ratio. Depending on the financial conditions of the Company and the Group
and the conditions and factors as set out in the dividend policy, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by
the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the Shareholders’
approval.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    107
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

 REGARDING THIS REPORT
 Report Introduction

 This report is the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report (hereinafter referred to as “this Report”
 or “ESG Report”) issued by Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as
 “Kelun-Biotech”, the “company”, or “we”), aiming to elaborate on the institutional construction and performance
 of the company in 2024 in environmental, social, and governance (hereinafter referred to as “ESG”) aspects, and
 objectively disclose the management and achievements of the company in sustainable development, to respond
 to the expectations of stakeholders such as shareholders, employees, partners, and the public.

 Scope and Boundary of the Report

 This Report is an annual report, covering the work from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 (hereinafter
 referred to as the “reporting period”), with some related information that may date back to the time before the
 reporting period. The policies and data provided in this Report involve Kelun-Biotech and its subsidiaries, with the
 scope consistent with that of the annual report.

 Rationale for Report Preparation

 This Report is prepared in accordance with Appendix C2 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide
 (hereinafter referred to as the “ESG Reporting Guide”) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
 Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “SEHK” or the “Stock Exchange of Hong
 Kong”).

 The preparation of this Report follows the reporting principles of materiality, quantification, balance and
 consistency. In this Report, the company has disclosed the process of identifying significant ESG factors and, on
 this basis, measured and disclosed key performance indicators to present our work on aspects of ESG fairly and
 objectively.

 Appendix II of this Report provides a detailed content index of the ESG Reporting Guide for the convenience of
 readers to look up for relevant information.

 Data Source and Reliability Assurance

 The information and data disclosed in this Report are sourced from the company’s statistical reports and
 official documents, and have been reviewed by relevant departments. We undertake that this Report does not
 contain any false records or misleading statements, and we are responsible for the truthfulness, accuracy and
 completeness of its content. Unless specifically stated otherwise, the currency units mentioned in the report are in
 Chinese yuan. In case of any inconsistency with the financial report, the financial report shall prevail.

 Confirmation and Approval

 This Report was approved by the Board of Directors on March 24, 2025 upon confirmation by the management.

 Access to this Report and Provision of Feedback

 Readers can obtain the electronic version of this Report through the official website of the Stock Exchange of
 Hong Kong at www.hkexnews.hk or the company’s official website at www.kelun-biotech.com. In case of any
 discrepancy between the Chinese and English versions of this Report, the Chinese version shall prevail. Should
 you have any advice or recommendations regarding the company’s disclosure and performance in environmental,
 social and governance aspects, please contact us through the following ways.

 Email: klbio_ir@kelun.com


 Address: No. 666, Section 2, Xinhua Avenue, Wenjiang District, Chengdu



108     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


MESSAGE FROM THE MANAGEMENT
                                                         Kelun-Biotech prioritizes quality and has established
                                                         a mature R&D, production, and quality management
                                                         system to ensure product quality. The company
                                                         always prioritizes product quality and patient safety
                                                         in its business operations and development. We work
                                                         closely with our partners to fully establish a quality
                                                         responsibility community across the entire supply
                                                         chain, striving to strictly control quality at every stage,
                                                         providing patients with safe and effective innovative
                                                         pharmaceutical products, and taking concrete actions
                                                         to uphold our commitment to safeguarding life and
                                                         health.

                                                         While developing business, Kelun-Biotech gradually
                                                         integrates the concept of sustainable development into
                                                         its daily operations and management, comprehensively
                                                         exploring the convergence of corporate and social
                                                         values. The company continuously enhances its
                                                         compliance and risk management capabilities, assumes
                                                         corporate integrity responsibilities, and regards
                                                         them as the cornerstone of the company’s stable
                                                         development. Through a three-tier ESG governance
                                                         structure of the Board of Directors – ESG Working
                                                         Group – various functional departments, the company
Kelun-Biotech is a biopharmaceutical company             has comprehensively promoted and implemented ESG
that focuses on innovative drug development,             management, achieving positive progress.
manufacturing and commercialization. Since its
establishment in 2016, it has always considered          We adhere to the core value of “focusing on the
“innovation-driven” as the most important development    strivers”, fully protect employee rights, place great
strategy of the enterprise, adhering to the corporate    emphasis on employee development, strive to
culture of “Dedicated to Human Health With A Caring      ensure employee safety, and provide employees
Heart”, and has been committed to addressing the         with a comprehensive welfare system, clear career
medical needs of China and even the world.               development paths, and a healthy and safe working
                                                         environment, striving to achieve co-creation and
The company consistently adheres to the philosophy       sharing with employees. We actively carry out
of “Pursuing Scientific Truth and Upholding Ethical      school-enterprise cooperation projects, continuously
Goodness”. Under three core platforms focusing on        improve welfare protection, and take multiple measures
ADC, biologics, and small-molecule technologies,         to attract and retain high-quality talents, which ensures
respectively, our products in development are            the company’s sustainable development.
represented by ADCs, covering two major areas of
oncology and autoimmunity, forming a pipeline of more    As a responsible enterprise citizen, we contribute
than 30 differentiated and clinically valuable assets.   to the realization of a healthy China by leveraging
As of now, three independently developed products        our attributes as a pharmaceutical company. The
have been approved for marketing by the NMPA. The        company upholds the mentality of open cooperation,
company actively upholds the concept of inclusive        actively participates in the industry to co-establish
healthcare and assumes its social responsibility.        internationalization and in-depth cooperation to jointly
We have fully completed the construction of the          promote the development of the global pharmaceutical
commercialization system and established a highly        industry and create more value for human health.
competitive commercialization team, actively exploring
ways to effectively enhance drug accessibility,
benefiting more patients.                                  Looking forward to the future, the company will
                                                           fulfill its commitments to all sectors of society
                                                           with sustainable development. We persist in an
                                                           innovation-driven approach. We look forward to
                                                           continuously providing domestic and foreign patients
                                                           with clinically significant and cost-effective innovative
                                                           drugs, meeting unmet clinical needs worldwide, and
                                                           contributing to the health development of human
                                                           society.



                                                                      Executive Director and General Manager of
                                                                                                  Kelun-Biotech
                                                                                                     GE Junyou

                                                                                           Annual Report 2024          109
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


 CORPORATE AWARDS AND HONORS

            National Engineering Research
                                                                   High-tech enterprises
             Center for Biotargeted Drug


                                                           Science & Technology Department of Sichuan
              National Development and
                                                               Province, Sichuan Provincial Finance
                 Reform Commission
                                                            Department, Sichuan Provincial Tax Service,
                                                                   State Taxation Administration




           China Pharmaceutical New Elite                        ADC Pioneer Enterprise
               Innovation Power Award


            China National Pharmaceutical
             Industry Information Center                                  TONACEA




         Sichuan Province Biomacromolecule                       2024 Excellence in
             Drug Innovation Consortium                   ESG Governance Performance Award


                  Kelun-Biotech, China
              Pharmaceutical University,                                  Ming Pao
         Sichuan Provincial People's Hospital,
                the Affiliated Hospital of
          North Sichuan Medical College, etc.




110   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


OUR ESG METHOD
Statement of Board of Directors

Kelun-Biotech places great emphasis on the deep integration of ESG management philosophy with the company’s
development strategy. The Board of Directors, as the highest responsibility and decision-making body for the
company’s ESG governance, coordinates and oversees all ESG management activities of the company, assuming
ultimate responsibility.


The Board of Directors integrates ESG factors into decision-making and daily operations, aligning with its own
development strategy and the expectations of various stakeholders, continuously enhancing the company’s risk
resistance and growth resilience. During the reporting period, the Board of Directors reviewed and optimized the
identification and evaluation results of material issues, clarified the focus of ESG governance work, improved the
ESG governance system, and actively took measures to address potential ESG risks and impacts, positioning
ESG governance as an important guarantee for the company’s long-term stable development.


The Board of Directors gains effective understanding of the external ESG development trends and stakeholders’
concerns about the company’s ESG performance by hearing regular reports from the ESG Working Group and
conducting day-to-day enquiries with it, and reviews and approves the annual ESG report, ESG development
strategy of the company and ESG goals which have a significant impact on the company’s business.
Kelun-Biotech maintains active communication with stakeholders, responds to ESG-related needs and
expectations, and continuously enhances the company’s ESG governance level, thus ensuring the sustainable
development of the company’s business.


ESG Governance Structure

Kelun-Biotech has constructed a three-tier governance structure consisting of the Board of Directors, ESG
Working Group and ESG Executive Body. Among them, the Board of Directors is the highest authority and
decision-making body for ESG management and information disclosure, responsible for guiding and supervising
the company’s ESG development; the ESG Working Group is led by the company’s General Manager as the
leader, leading the heads of relevant departments in conducting ESG management work. By establishing
and continuously improving the ESG governance structure, the company comprehensively enhances its ESG
responsibility performance capability, providing assurance for the company’s sustainable development.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    111
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                        ESG Governance Structure System of Kelun-Biotech

                                                                                                 The highest responsibility and decision-making body
                                                                                                 Review and approve the company’s ESG-related matters:
 Management body                                                                                      Development directions, strategies and objectives
      Formulate strategies, objectives, annual work                                                   Governance structure and important ESG systems
      plans, and medium to long-term plans                                                            Public disclosure of ESG reports and significant
      Improve the ESG management system and                              Board of                     information
      measures, and guide information disclosure                         Directors                    Response plan for ESG risk and major negative
      work                                                                                            events
      Supervise the progress of target achievement                         ESG
      and the development of key work                                  Working Group
      Identify and assess ESG risks and opportunities,
      and formulate countermeasures                                                                  Executive body
      Identify important ESG issues and priorities,                                                      Formulate management indicators and
      and maintain continuous communication with                   Functional departments                implement the annual work plan
      stakeholders                                                                                       Establish and improve ESG special
      Report regularly to the Board of Directors                                                         management system
                                                                                                         Identify and assess ESG risks and
                                                                                                         opportunities, and implement response
                                                                                                         and management measures
                                                                                                         Respond to the ESG needs of
                                                                                                         stakeholders
                                                                                                         Assist in ESG reporting and daily
                                                                                                         information disclosure, participate in the
                                                                                                         company’s ESG publicity and training
                                                                                                         Report regularly to the ESG Working
                                                                                                         Group


 Stakeholder Communication

 Kelun-Biotech attaches great importance to the expectations and feedback of stakeholders. To promote two-way
 communication with stakeholders, the company has established diverse communication channels, maintaining
 close interaction with stakeholders through offline formats such as roadshows and visits, as well as online
 platforms like the company’s official website, reports and public account media.


                                           Communication with Kelun-Biotech Stakeholders


                                                                Important Topics of
               Stakeholders                                                                               Main Communication Channels
                                                                 Primary Concern

                                                             Addressing climate change                     General meeting of shareholders
                                                                   R&D innovation                                Company website
                                                         Product safety and quality of service                 Information disclosure
                                                                Compliant operation                             Non-deal roadshow
       Shareholders and investors                                 Risk management                               On-site investigation

                                                                                                              Product identification and
                                                                   R&D innovation
                                                                                                                information disclosure
                                                         Product safety and quality of service
                                                                                                             Customer complaint channel
                  Customers                                 Data and information security
                                                                                                             Customer satisfaction survey




112       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                            Important Topics of
          Stakeholders                                                         Main Communication Channels
                                             Primary Concern

                                         Employee rights and welfare                   Comment Box
                                            Diversity and equality               Employee satisfaction survey
                                        Occupational health and safety         Employee communication meeting
            Employees                 Employee training and development           Employee training activities
                                               Business ethics                      Trade union activities

                                                 R&D innovation
                                        Intellectual property protection                Bidding activities
                                     Sustainable supply chain management                 Supplier review
                                                 Business ethics              Supplier communication and training
            Suppliers                          Risk management

                                                 R&D innovation
                                        Intellectual property protection
                                     Product safety and quality of service           Strategic cooperation
                                       Promoting industry development                Daily communications
                                              Compliant operation                        Industry forum
      Partners (non-supplier)
                                               Risk management
                                         Data and information security

                                         Addressing climate change
                                            Energy management
                                         Contaminant management                          On-site visits
                                        Water resource management                  Regular communication
                                               R&D innovation                      Disclosure of information
Government and regulatory agencies   Product safety and quality of service
                                            Compliant operation

                                         Contaminant management
                                                                              Community advice and suggestions
                                     Product safety and quality of service
                                                                                Social public welfare activities
                                       Occupational health and safety
                                                                                         News media
                                       Facilitating inclusive healthcare
                                                                                  WeChat public account
    Communities and the public       Carrying out public charity activities
                                             Compliant operation




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         113
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


 Identification and Determination of Important Topics

 Kelun-Biotech identifies and determines the ESG-related important topics that reflect the impact on the
 environment, society and governance in its business activities by integrating national macro policies, the current
 status of industry disclosure, its own development strategy and expectations of stakeholders.


                                                                            Determination Process for Important Topics


                                    Identify                                      Questionnaire                                    Analyze                                 Determine
                                    relevant topics                               survey/interviews                                survey results                          substantive topics


 We have identified a total of 20 ESG topics with significant impact, including 8 very important topics. In 2024,
 after review by the company’s Board of Directors and management, the substantive assessment results remained
 consistent with last year.

                                                            Quite Important            Very Important              Environment
              Very High                                                                                            1                                           11 Diversity and equality
                                                                                                 5            7        Addressing climate change
                                                                                  18                      6
                                                                                            17
                                                                                                              20   2   Energy management                       12 Occupational health and safety
                                                                                            12
                                                                                                                   3   Contaminant management                  13 Employee training and development
                                                                                                     19




 Importance to Kelun-Biotech
                                                                            10
                                                                                  3
                                                                                                                   4   Water resource management               14 Promoting industry development
                                                                                             8
                                                                                                                                                               15 Facilitating inclusive healthcare
                                                                              9
                                                                                                                   Society
                                                             11
                                                                                       13                                                                      16 Carrying out public charity activities
                                                                                                                   5   R&D innovation
                                               4
                                                                                                                   6   Intellectual property protection        Governance
                                                       15              14
                                           2                                                                       7   Product safety and quality of service   17 Compliant operation

                                                                                                                   8   Customer responsibilities               18 Business ethics
                               16      1
                                                                                                                   9   Sustainable supply chain management 19 Risk management
             High
                                                                                                                   10 Employees’rights and welfare             20 Data and information security
                               High            Importance to external stakeholders                    Very High

                                                              Matrix of ESG-related Substantive Topics of Kelun-Biotech




114                                   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


1. EXCELLENCE IN GOVERNANCE AND FACILITATING ORDERLY MANAGEMENT
  1.1. Compliance and Business Ethics

     Kelun-Biotech upholds the compliant operation philosophy of integrity and law-abiding, strictly regulates
     the company’s business conduct, actively practices business ethics, and fully ensures the legality and
     compliance of its operations.

     Compliant Operation

     The company follows laws and regulations such as the Basic Norms for Internal Control of Enterprises.
     It has established and improved systems such as the Internal Audit System, Connection Transactions
     Management System and Management System for Conflicts of Interests, to prevent and control company
     risks and ensure the compliance of business activities. At the same time, the company has specifically
     established an audit committee under the Board of Directors to guide and supervise the internal audit
     department in conducting regular compliance reviews, ensuring the professionalism and rigor of all review
     tasks.

     The company conducts an internal control self-inspection annually, comprehensively covering all levels
     of the company and focusing on the review of key areas such as organizational structure, corporate
     governance, information disclosure, fund management and information system management. In 2024,
     the company conducted 2 procurement audits, 1 engineering settlement audit, 12 information security
     inspections and 4 payment inspections.


           Case:       Organizing compliance training to enhance employees’compliance awareness


          The company actively organized diversified compliance training to enhance employees’
          compliance awareness. In 2024, at the director level, the company invited professionals to
          conduct training on the theme of compliant operation for directors, covering areas such as
          conflicts of interest and duties, management responsibilities, insider trading, etc., to help direc-
          tors enhance their compliance management capabilities and better fulfill their duties. At the
          employee level, the company held the“2024 Compliance Season”series of activities, cover-
          ing various aspects such as compliance system training and confidentiality training. Through
          this series of activities, the company helped all employees to deeply understand compliance
          requirements, effectively enhanced employees’compliance awareness, created a good
          compliance culture atmosphere, and laid a solid foundation for the company’s stable develop-
          ment.




     Anti-corruption

     The company strictly abides by the requirements of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China
     and other relevant laws and regulations, and further revised the Anti-corruption System and Anti-fraud
     System in 2024 to regulate various business activities of the company, establish a business philosophy
     of integrity and law-abiding, and make every effort to prevent actions that harm the interests of the
     company, shareholders and employees.

     The company maintains a “zero tolerance” attitude towards violations of business ethics. We have
     established real-name or anonymous violation reporting channels such as telephone, email, and letters for
     employees and all sectors of society, and strictly kept the information of the whistleblowers confidential.
     Once the reported case is verified to be true, or if there is any retaliatory action against the whistleblower,
     the company will pursue legal responsibilities of the relevant personnel according to the law in order to
     maintain a sound business order and corporate environment.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024     115
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       Reporting Channels of Kelun-Biotech

            Reporting hotline: 028-82053800


            Reporting email: btswshenji@kelun.com


                           Violation Reporting Management Process of Kelun-Biotech



                                                                                                 Formation of an
            Receiving real-name/                  Approval by the General
                                                                                            investigation team for
            anonymous violation                    Manager or Board of
                                                                                               joint investigation
                 reporting                          Directors to initiate
                                                                                                (external experts
                                                          a case
                                                                                              adding as needed)



                            Feedback of investigation              Accountability of supervisory
                             results to the real-name                and direct responsibility
                                   whistleblower                        upon verification



       The company places great emphasis on integrity building and actively takes multiple measures to ensure
       compliant operation. The company requires all employees to sign the Compliance/Integrity Commitment
       Letter, achieving a 100% signing rate. The company has also added a supplementary agreement with
       anti-commercial bribery clauses to the labor contract, further strengthening anti-corruption constraints on
       employees, achieving a signing rate of 100%.

       In order to foster a clean and honest working environment, the company conducts anti-corruption and
       anti-fraud training for all employees, covering regular employees, contract employees and interns. In
       2024, the company’s employee coverage rate for anti-corruption related training reached 100%. During
       the reporting period, there were no corruption lawsuits related to the issuer or employees.




                              Anti-Corruption Training Series of Kelun-Biotech

116   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Intellectual Property Protection

Intellectual property protection is the lifeline of innovation. Kelun-Biotech deeply understands the
importance of protecting innovation achievements for its own development. In accordance with the
Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the People’s Republic of China
and other laws and regulations, it has formulated the Management Measures for Intellectual Property
to continuously improve the intellectual property protection system. The company has obtained the
Intellectual Property Management System Certification and successfully passed the annual audit.

          Intellectual Property Protection Management System of Kelun-Biotech



   Application for intellectual property
      Determine overseas and domestic patent layout strategies to establish a tight patent portfolio
      Achieve three-dimensional protection of intellectual property rights from aspects such as
      patents, trademarks and trade secrets



   Intellectual property maintenance
        Establish a monitoring mechanism for information such as patents and trademarks
        Regularly monitor the progress, deadlines and status of applications to ensure the normal
        operation of intellectual property rights throughout its full life cycle



   Intellectual property risk management
        Standardize the free implementation process of innovative projects, and investigate internal
        and external patent risks before project initiation and at critical R&D milestones
        Establish a third-party infringement response mechanism and improve the prevention and
        response measures for infringement
        Require all employees to sign the Commercial Secrets Confidentiality Agreement



   Construction of talent team
      Set up an intellectual property department and allocate professional intellectual property
      personnel
      Keep up with domestic and international intellectual property developments and trends, and
      regularly conduct intellectual property business training




                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   117
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




        Certificate of Intellectual Property Management System Certification of Kelun-Biotech



             Case:   Conducting intellectual property special training



           In April 2024, the company invited external experts to conduct a training session titled “Matters
           Related to Biologics Patent Layout” for the biologics R&D team and the intellectual property depart-
           ment team, with a total of 20 participants. During the training, experts introduced the overall patent
           layout of some marketed biologics drugs in conjunction with their R&D and marketing processes,
           and elaborated on the considerations for patent application strategies. This training deepened the
           biologics R&D team’s emphasis on intellectual property and understanding of patent layout strate-
           gies, further enhancing the company’s intellectual property management level.




       The company benchmarks international advanced experience, upholds higher quality and efficiency
       standards, and conducts intellectual property work around the company’s products and pipelines. In
       terms of incentive mechanisms, the company implements reasonable and effective intellectual property
       incentive measures to stimulate employees’ enthusiasm for innovation; in team building, it strengthens
       the construction of intellectual property teams and continuously enhances the professional quality of the
       team.

       As of the end of 2024, the company has made significant achievements in patent and trademark
       applications and authorizations; the cumulative number of patents granted increased by 64 compared to
       last year, and there were no lawsuits related to intellectual property during the reporting period.




118   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


              Intellectual Property-related Performance of Kelun-Biotech in 2024



         Cumulative number
          of patents applied                                                                                 614

         Cumulative number
       of patents authorized                                   248

          Cumulative number                             139
       of trademarks applied
         Cumulative number                             135
   of trademarks authorized



1.2. Risk Management

   Kelun-Biotech has formulated the Risk Management Measures in accordance with the Company Law
   of the People’s Republic of China, the Basic Norms for Internal Control of Enterprise, and other laws
   and regulations, integrating risk management into all aspects of company operations, establishing and
   improving the risk prevention and control system, and effectively enhancing the company’s risk response
   capabilities.

         Organizational Structure and Responsibilities of Risk Management of Kelun-Biotech


     Board of Directors    Highest decision-making body
                              Review and approve goals, strategies, systems and system construction plans
                              Review and approve annual work plan and report
                              Review and approve major risk response plans, etc.



     Risk Prevention       Leadership
           and                Formulate risk management objectives and strategies
     Control Leading          Review the system, process and system-building program
          Group
                              Review annual work plans and major risk response plans, etc.


       Internal Audit      Management, executing body
        Department           Draft systems and processes, work plans, annual work reports, and
                             major risk management solutions
                              Conduct oversight, inspection and effectiveness assessment
                              Organize educational training and publicity work, etc.

        Functional         Risk management lead
       departments            Conduct daily maintenance and management
                              Identify, assess, and develop risk control solutions for business operations
                              Carry out special risk prevention and control work, and study the
                              major risk management mechanisms of this department, etc.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     119
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         For the normalized risks and potential emergency risks faced by the company’s operations, we have
         clearly stipulated the prevention and response processes in the Risk Management Measures, and
         effectively carried out various tasks such as risk prevention and control, hidden danger investigation and
         normal management, so as to ensure the normal operation of the company’s business.


                                      Risk Prevention and Response of Kelun-Biotech


                 Risk Assessment                       Risk Response                  Emergency Risk Handling


            The responsible entity identifies,   Develop and implement risk           Establish a sensitive and efficient
            analyzes, and evaluates risks in     resolution solutions based on        emergency risk response mechanism,
            the company’s important business     assessment results, keeping risks    and report immediately to the
            management and processes             within the company’s acceptable      corresponding level of responsible
                                                 range                                person when a risk occurs
            Use qualitative and quantitative
            standards to assess the likelihood   For major risks, in addition to      For major emergency risks, a
            and impact of risks                  taking corresponding measures        risk handling team should be
                                                 to control, avoid and resolve        established immediately, develop
            When assessing multiple risks,       them, a record form must also        a risk handling plan and carry out
            prioritize them to determine the     be filled out and submitted to       handling actions immediately
            risks that require key attention     the risk prevention and control
            and limited control                  leadership group and the internal    After the risk handling is completed,
                                                 audit department                     promptly form a summary report and
                                                                                      propose rectification suggestions to
                                                                                      prevent the risk from occurring again



      1.3. Information Security and Privacy Protection

         Kelun-Biotech places high importance on information security and patient privacy protection, actively
         implementing protective measures at multiple key levels.


         In terms of information system security assurance, the company strictly adheres to relevant laws and
         regulations, formulates and implements comprehensive information security management regulations,
         and establishes a multi-dimensional defense mechanism encompassing “perimeter protection-access
         control-data encryption”, which includes basic security protection, cyber security and cloud security. We
         pay special attention to the establishment of information systems, authorization and access control, data
         protection, etc., and strictly guarantee the security of network infrastructure and data assets. In 2024, the
         company engaged an independent third-party security assessment agency to conduct security testing
         and vulnerability scanning on the online business system, formulate an improvement plan and complete
         optimization. We organized two mandatory information security training sessions for all employees
         throughout the year, covering 100% of the staff.


         In terms of patient privacy protection, the company strictly complies with the regulations of the Good
         Clinical Practice (GCP), the Declaration of Helsinki (the World Medical Association) and the Personal
         Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, and has formulated the Subject
         Personal Information and Privacy Protection policy. Strict personal information protection measures are
         implemented throughout the entire process of conducting clinical projects to ensure that patient privacy
         is not leaked.




120     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Protection Measures for Personal Information and Privacy of Subjects at Kelun-Biotech


      Data collection stage                                                      Data storage stage
       Informed consent: Obtain the patient’s                                    Secure storage: Use a professional and
       full informed consent before collecting                                   secure database system to store subject
       any data; patient has the right to refuse to                              data; strictly limit data access permissions.
       participate in the trial or withdraw informed
       consent;
       Principle of minimization: Strictly adhere to
       the “principle of minimization”, which means
       collecting only information directly related to
       the purpose of the clinical trial;
       Anonymous processing: Anonymize the
       collected data by using screening numbers
       instead of the real names of the subjects.




      Data transmission stage                                                    Personnel management aspect

      Data transmission: During the data                                         Privacy protection training: Conduct privacy
      transmission phase, encryption technologies,                               protection training for personnel involved in
      anonymization/de-identification processes,                                 clinical trials.
      access control and secure transmission
      protocols are used to ensure the confidentiality,
      integrity and compliance of subject information.




     During the reporting period, the company did not experience any violations related to information security
     or data breaches, nor were there any verified complaints of privacy infringement against subjects.


2. EXCELLENCE IN QUALITY AND SERVICE FOR SAFETY OF THE PUBLIC
  2.1. Research and Development Innovation

     As one of the pioneers and leading developers of ADCs, Kelun-Biotech consistently regards the research
     and development of innovative drugs and the enhancement of human health as its corporate mission. The
     company has established a comprehensive research and development innovation system, possessing
     three independently developed technology platforms, namely the ADC platform OptiDC™, the biologics
     platform and the small molecule platform.

     In the field of ADC, Kelun-Biotech is one of the first biopharmaceutical companies in China, and one of the
     few globally, to establish an integrated ADC development platform. The ADC platform OptiDC™ is supported
     by three capability pillars: in-depth knowledge of biological targets and diseases, tested and verified ADC
     design and development know-how, and a toolbox of core ADC components. With the ADC core components
     toolbox, the company is able to design customized ADCs optimized for different biological targets to meet
     the medical needs of various indications. The biologics platform consists of the antibody discovery platform,
     antibody evaluation platform, antibody engineering platform and engineered cell line platform, providing
     high-quality monoclonal antibodies, bispecific antibodies and ADC drugs for the company’s biologics
     innovative drug pipeline. The small molecule platform covers the process from target validation, molecular
     design and screening, druggability evaluation, pharmaceutical development to clinical translation, and has
     independently completed the research and development of multiple innovative small molecule drugs, with the
     research and development quality recognized by international peers.



                                                                                           Annual Report 2024                    121
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         The company’s research and development pipeline targets the world’s most common or hardest-to-treat
         tumors, such as BC, NSCLC, GI cancers (including GC and CRC), gynecological tumors (including CC,
         EC and OC), as well as non-tumor diseases and conditions affecting a large and underserved patient
         population. In November 2024, the company’s ADC Sacituzumab Tirumotecan (sac-TMT, also known
         as SKB264/MK-2870) ( 佳 泰 萊 ®), targeting human TROP2 for the treatment of second-line and above
         triple-negative breast cancer, was approved for marketing in China by the NMPA. This is not only the
         first domestically produced TROP2 ADC approved for marketing in China, but also the first domestically
         produced ADC to receive full marketing approval in China. In December 2024, the company’s innovative
         humanized monoclonal antibody targeting PD-L1, Tagolimab (also known as A167) ( 科 泰 萊 ®), for the
         treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma who have failed two or more
         prior lines of chemotherapy, was approved for marketing by the NMPA. In January 2025, Tagolimab’s
         second indication, in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine for first-line treatment of recurrent or
         metastatic NPC patients, was approved for marketing by the NMPA. This marks the world’s first PD-L1
         monoclonal antibody approved for marketing for first-line treatment of nasopharyngeal cancer. In February
         2025, the company’s self-developed recombinant EGFR human/murine chimeric monoclonal antibody
         Cetuximab N01 injection (also known as A140) ( 达 泰 萊 ®) for first-line treatment of RAS wild-type mCRC
         received approval for marketing from the NMPA. The company has currently established a robust pipeline
         comprising over 10 clinical-stage candidate drugs, among which three projects have been approved for
         production and one project is at the NDA stage.


         The company’s strong R&D innovation capability is inseparable from a high-level R&D team and
         continuously increasing R&D investment. By the end of 2024, the company has 942 R&D personnel
         (full-time employees). In 2024, the company’s R&D costs reached RMB1,206,134,000, representing an
         increase of 16.99% compared to the previous year and accounting for 62.40% of the operating income.


      2.2. Quality Responsibility

         As an enterprise focused on the R&D, production and commercialization of innovative drugs,
         Kelun-Biotech has always prioritized product quality and patient safety in its operations and development.
         The company adheres to the quality policy of “Strictly controlling drug quality as the foundation, ensuring
         drug safety and efficacy as the core, continuously improving with a benevolent heart, and dedicating to
         the health and well-being of the public”. It closely collaborates with partners to fully establish a quality
         responsibility community throughout the entire supply chain, striving to strictly control quality at every
         stage, providing patients with safe and effective innovative pharmaceutical products, and fulfilling its
         commitment to safeguarding life and health through concrete actions.




122     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Product quality management

Quality management system

The company adheres to the principle of “Quality by Design”, and establishes a whole product lifecycle
quality management system covering all stages of R&D, production and commercialization by strictly
following the series of GxP and guidelines of the ICH in China, EU and the United States. In 2024, the
company further improved its R&D, clinical research and production quality management systems. The
R&D quality continuously enhanced the document system and strengthened the audit management of
external partners. The production quality focused on systematically organizing the institutional documents
in areas such as material management systems, contract manufacturing management and post-marketing
management, optimizing a total of 22 institutional documents. All commercial-scale production facilities of
the company in operation have 100% passed the compliance inspection of the GMP.


The quality of the company’s products has received widespread recognition from relevant parties. In
2024, the company underwent six inspections by national and provincial drug regulatory authorities,
as well as one client audit, all of which were successfully passed without any major deficiencies found.
Among them, the ADC product production line successfully passed the GMP compliance inspection by
the national drug regulatory authority, strongly demonstrating the company’s robust capability in quality
control of ADC product manufacturing.


In terms of setting and managing quality objectives, the company has established a multi-level quality objective
indicator system, further raising the quality objective requirements compared to the year 2023. For example,
the company has raised the occurrence rate of repeated deviations, as well as the timely completion/closure
rates of quality objective standards such as changes, deviations, CAPA. In the meantime, the company has
incorporated quality indicators as veto and deduction items into the performance assessment criteria for all
employees to enhance the emphasis on quality management and to ensure that product quality consistently
remains at a high standard level.


Product quality control

During the product development process, the company formulates the QTPP based on the principle of
“Quality by Design”, clearly defining the quality attributes of desired product. Subsequently, we determine
the critical quality attributes based on data assessment from pharmaceutical, nonclinical and clinical
studies, and used risk control tools to identify material attributes (CMA) and process parameters affecting
CQA. The product quality control strategy is gradually determined and implemented through process
study, characterization and validation, and the control strategy is continuously optimized and updated as
the study process progresses to ensure product quality.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     123
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       In the product manufacturing process, the company implements comprehensive quality control and
       management. Relying on the comprehensive and technologically advanced quality control laboratory, the
       company carries out the release testing of raw materials, intermediate products and products, in-process
       control, validation, stability studies, and monitoring related to utility systems and environment to ensure
       the safety and quality control of released products at all stages. For critical testing instruments, the
       company adopts a one-in-use, one-in-reserve configuration to ensure the continuous and stable conduct
       of inspection work.


       Based on the ICH Q9 quality risk management principles, the company has implemented a comprehensive
       upgrade of the cross-contamination prevention system. In terms of quality risk management and pollution
       control, the company has conducted a systematic risk assessment of pollution and cross-contamination
       control and formulated corresponding measures, which specifically include refining the co-line
       management strategies for projects in the R&D and production stages; clarifying the methods for cleaning
       method development/confirmation/verification, risk assessment, and standard establishment strategies;
       improving the workshop cleaning verification process and forming verification reports to comprehensively
       enhance the level of quality risk management and effectively control pollution risks.


       Quality training and culture promotion

       In order to effectively enhance the quality awareness and capabilities of all employees, the company
       conducted induction training including corporate culture, GxP regulations, post documents and practices
       for new employees in research and development, production, quality and other related positions. The
       company also develops training plans annually in accordance with regulatory requirements, conducts
       training on regulatory regulations, new guidance documents, post skills, etc., and carries on examinations
       in the form of written assessments, oral questions and answers after training to ensure that employees
       fully master the training content.


       In 2024, the company organized a total of 12 GMP company-level training sessions, covering topics
       such as bio safety-related knowledge, hygiene and microbiology-related knowledge, Good Manufacturing
       Practice and its appendices. In addition, the company actively conducted inter-departmental job rotation
       learning, such as personnel from the quality department rotating to the formulation workshop for
       learning, followed by knowledge-sharing training after the rotation. A total of 25 such activities have been
       conducted. The company also places great emphasis on building the quality management capabilities
       of its management personnel, conducting 14 training sessions for middle and lower-level managers,
       effectively enhancing their quality awareness and professional knowledge. The company conducted
       3,896 GMP training sessions of various types throughout the year, achieving a 100% employee training
       coverage rate.




124   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      Case:    Conducting the “Quality and Safety Compliance Season” activity to enhance quality management level


    From May to August 2024, the company conducted the “Quality and Safety Compliance Season”
    series of activities. The activities are mainly carried out in areas such as quality management training
    (including legal and regulatory training, sharing of departmental typical quality incidents, legal and
    regulatory knowledge competitions), compliance self-inspection (including self-checks, organizing
    quality analysis meetings, repeated deviation analysis), and quality improvement activities (including
    collection of rationalization suggestions, establishment of change assessment templates). Through
    the implementation of a series of activities, the existing issues in management processes were
    continuously improved, effectively enhancing employees’ quality awareness. The total number of
    participants in the activities exceeded 500 people.




       Case:   Establishing a QC activity group to implement quality improvement measures


     The company encourages employees to proactively identify quality issues and propose
     improvement measures. From April to December 2024, the company formed QC activity groups,
     conducting a total of 18 thematic subject research projects, with an additional 57 projects
     registered and planned for implementation. Employees identified 75 quality improvement points
     through brainstorming, process sorting and data analysis, and have implemented 12 quality
     improvement measures through inter-batch variability investigation, experimental exploration and
     system integration, continuously enhancing product quality.



Clinical Quality Management

As a clinical trial sponsor, the company is firmly committed to safeguarding the rights and safety of
the subjects. The company strictly adheres to the Good Clinical Practice for Drug Clinical Trials, the
Declaration of Helsinki (the World Medical Association), the Management Measures for Drug Registration
and other laws and regulations. It has established a comprehensive system of clinical trial quality
management documents, such as the Quality Risk Management for Clinical Trials and the Corrective
and Preventive Action Management Procedures, covering all key aspects of the clinical trial process. In
addition, the company conducted special internal audits to check the implementation of clinical-related
system documents, ensuring the effective implementation of various management requirements.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     125
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


          The company conducts clinical quality management in the form of a “project management system”,
          equipping each clinical project with a project management team and organizing relevant training for team
          members to enhance the compliance management awareness of clinical quality management personnel,
          ensuring the smooth progress of the projects. In 2024, the company conducted a total of nine training
          sessions on regulatory guidelines related to clinical trials, covering topics such as GCP, guidelines for
          the preservation of essential documents for drug clinical trials, the Personal Information Protection
          Law, and ethical review methods for life sciences and medical research involving humans, with over
          500 participants. Meanwhile, the company conducted targeted training for newly hired clinical quality
          management staff. The coverage rate of clinical quality management staff training reached 100%.


          The company requires each project to formulate a quality control plan and an audit plan, and to
          implement quality control and audit work at the project site according to the planned milestones. The
          company also purchases Drug Clinical Trial Insurance for each subject participating in the clinical trial,
          fully ensuring the health and rights of the subjects, as well as the scientific, truthful and reliable nature of
          the trial data and results.


          Animal Welfare

          Laboratory animals play an indispensable supporting role in pharmaceutical research and development
          and life sciences research. The company places great importance on societal concerns regarding animal
          welfare and has established the IACUC to review experimental protocols, committing to the responsible
          use of animals. In 2024, the company further revised the Animal Management and Use Committee
          Charter and introduced a third-party individual with a background in animal experimentation qualifications
          to become a member of the IACUC, ensuring that the company’s animal experimentation activities are
          subject to not only rigorous internal review but also effective supervision by external professionals.


          The company respects the contributions made by laboratory animals to research, complies with the
          requirements of laws and regulations such as the Guidelines for the Protection and Use of Laboratory
          Animals, and has formulated and strictly implemented internal policies such as Procedures for
          Establishing Humane Endpoints for Laboratory Animals and Accuracy Control of Drug Administration in
          Animals to ensure that the use of animals meets ethical standards.


          In the practice of scientific research, the company adheres to the 3R principles1, implementing laboratory
          animal welfare throughout all stages including breeding, transportation, experimental design, experimental
          process and post-experiment disposal. The company has established a fully functional laboratory animal
          management system, which includes two major functional modules: “Ethical Review” and “Animal Welfare
          Ethical Inspection”. In 2024, the company completed a total of 81 reviews of animal use plans and 42
          animal welfare ethical inspections. In order to alleviate the pain of laboratory animals, the company
          procured small animal respiratory anesthesia machines, achieving painless blood collection from mice.
          This equipment features safe anesthesia, good efficacy, quick recovery and minimal side effects. The
          company also actively replaced the old IVC, adding 300 cage positions, reducing the density of animals
          per cage, and providing a more comfortable living environment for laboratory animals.




 1
      The 3R principles of animal experimentation refer to Replacement, using other methods to replace animal experiments;
      Reduction, reducing the number of animals used in each experiment; and Refinement, improving conditions, treating
      animals well and enhancing animal welfare.


126      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The company also conducts training for employees involved in animal experiments to ensure each study
is efficient and accurate, minimizing animal discomfort. In 2024, the company conducted a total of 5
training sessions related to animal welfare, covering topics such as the five basic principles of animal
welfare, humane endpoint review guidelines, pain management in laboratory animals and selection of
animal anesthesia methods, with a total of 68 participants.


Pharmacovigilance

The company places great importance on drug safety and strictly adheres to laws and regulations such
as the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Measures for the Administration
of Reporting and Monitoring Adverse Drug Reactions, and the Good Pharmacovigilance Practices in its
operations. In 2024, the company introduced 30 new pharmacovigilance-related management systems
and revised 12, continuously improving the pharmacovigilance system and conducting full life-cycle drug
safety management for products.


                      Pharmacovigilance Management Measures of Kelun-Biotech


   Clinical phase

        Conduct regular signal detection, signal validation and assessment on the company’s active
        products under research, and formulate risk control measures to ensure the safety of participants;
        collect adverse reactions caused by medication in the clinical trial protocol. If they meet the
        criteria for SAE, promptly implement emergency measures and include the results in the clinical
        trial analysis;


        Establish a systematic pre-marketing pharmacovigilance system for the collection, processing
        and submission of individual case reports, and conduct pharmacovigilance training and
        assessment for relevant personnel; establish quality targets for key pre-marketing
        pharmacovigilance activities and conduct monthly statistics on the quality attainment rate.

   Post-marketing phase

        Set up public email, 400 hotline, official website and other feedback channels to receive information
        on patients’ medication usage and adverse reactions; introduce the professional post-marketing
        pharmacovigilance database eSafety system; establish quality targets for key post-marketing
        pharmacovigilance activities and conduct monthly statistics on the quality attainment rate.




Product Recall

The company has established the Product Recall Management Process, stipulating the conditions for
product recall, the handling process of product recall and the methods of product recall disposal, so as
to facilitate thorough investigation, comprehensive assessment and timely recall of pharmaceuticals that
may have quality issues or other safety hazards. In 2024, the company successfully conducted periodic
simulated recall exercises, proving the effectiveness of the recall management process.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      127
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                              Product Recall Management Process of Kelun-Biotech



                                                                                               Investigate and
                  Receive recall                       Establish a recall
                                                                                             assess drug safety
                   information                          working group
                                                                                                   hazards


                    Dispose of
                                                          Initiate recall                  Develop a recall plan
                  recall products


                                                   Evaluate the effectiveness
               Develop corrective and
                                                       of corrective and                      Close the recall
                preventive measures
                                                     preventive measures


       During the reporting period, the company did not have any product recalls due to safety and health
       reasons.


       Handling of Customer Complaints

       The company attaches great importance to customer feedback, it has formulated management systems
       such as the Customer Complaint Handling Procedures, and established a comprehensive customer
       complaint handling process to ensure timely and effective feedback on customer opinions.


                             Customer Complaint Handling Process of Kelun-Biotech


               The Quality Center received                                         Reply to customers with
                   customer complaints                                             solutions and implement
               through the 400 hotline and                                         corrective and preventive
                     other channels                                                   measures internally




                                                 The Quality Center conducts
                                                 preliminary assessment and
                                               classification of complaints, and
                                                   carries out defect cause
                                              investigation if necessary, based
                                                   on which corrective and
                                             preventive measures are formulated



       During the reporting period, the company received a total of 5 complaints regarding products and
       services, with a complaint resolution rate of 100%.


128   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


2.3. Supply Chain Management

   A responsible, efficient and green supply chain is crucial for enterprise development. Kelun-Biotech
   continues to improve its supply chain management system, strengthens communication and interaction
   with suppliers and partners, and strives to build an efficient and sustainable supply chain, aiming to
   achieve mutual benefit and win-win with partners.

   The types of commodities procured by the company primarily include: raw materials and consumables for
   drug development and production; equipment and devices serving production activities. As of the end of the
   reporting period, the company had a total of 433 suppliers, distributed in the following regions:

                                        Number of suppliers in 2024



   Domestic                                                                                              347

   Overseas                                 86




   Supplier Quality Management

   The company has established internal regulations such as Management Procedures for Procurement and
   Supply, Supplier Management Procedures and Audit Management Procedures, which clearly stipulate
   the supplier selection process and supplier conduct standards. Through qualification verification,
   audit supervision and assessment evaluation measures, we continuously strengthen the full lifecycle
   management of suppliers to ensure that the quality of goods provided by suppliers meets compliance and
   corporate requirements.

   To optimize supply assurance and deepen supplier communication, the company has established an
   objective, quantitative and scientific supplier assessment mechanism, conducting regular and ad-hoc
   assessments and evaluations of suppliers. Each year, the company conducts performance scoring of
   major suppliers, which account for approximately 80% of the total purchase amount in terms of product
   quality, delivery schedule assurance, price level, service quality, payment method and invoice compliance.
   Based on the scoring results, a Supplier Performance Evaluation and Feedback report is issued, requiring
   suppliers to make targeted improvements and continuously track the progress of these improvements.
   In 2024, the company conducted assessments on 80 major suppliers, with excellence and good rates
   exceeding 98%.

   The company also regularly engages in communication with suppliers and provides training to
   help improve the quality level of suppliers. In 2024, the company held a total of six supplier quality
   enhancement meetings focusing on themes such as pharmaceutical excipients, laboratory animals,
   rubber stoppers, filtration technology, customized materials and solvents.

   Supplier Compliance Management

   The company requires employees to adhere to the Purchasing Code of Conduct and the Anti-Corruption
   System when conducting purchasing activities, and to complete and sign the Employee Confirmation at least
   once a year to ensure that there are no violations of commercial ethics during the procurement process.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    129
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       For suppliers, the company requires them to sign the Sunshine Agreement, strictly complying with all
       anti-corruption and anti-commercial bribery laws and regulations, declaring that no bribery or other illegal
       activities shall occur during the cooperation process. In 2024, all suppliers conducting business with the
       company have signed the Sunshine Agreement.


       The company has continuously strengthened supplier compliance management and conducted
       compliance reviews for suppliers in different segments:



                          Clinical segment:
                          Send the Letter on the Requirement for Conducting Compliance
                          Self-Inspection to various suppliers in the clinical segment, requiring them to
                          conduct self-inspections for any illegal or non-compliant behavior in their
                          cooperation with Kelun-Biotech. In 2024, the company sent letters to a total of
                          122 suppliers and received 121 responses. Upon review, no violations of
                          compliance requirements were identified.


                          Non-clinical segment:
                          New suppliers are required to fill out the Survey Questionnaire for Supplier
                          Compliance to understand the compliance management situation of suppliers.
                          The questionnaire content includes the establishment of the supplier
                          compliance department, formulation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery, confi-
                          dentiality and whistleblowing policies, etc., which can effectively assess the
                          company’s compliance risk management capabilities. In 2024, 35 new
                          suppliers filled out the Survey Questionnaire for Supplier Compliance.


       Sustainable Supply Chain

       The company focuses on the performance of suppliers in environmental and social aspects. When
       registering suppliers, the company investigates whether the suppliers have passed the ISO 14001
       environmental management system certification, ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management
       system certification, or other relevant certifications. We encourage and expect suppliers to establish and
       improve their internal management systems to enhance the sustainability level of the supply chain.


                  Number of suppliers of Kelun-Biotech that have passed environmental and
                                         social related certifications




                    53 Certified by ISO 14001                   36 Certified by ISO 45001 or equivalent


                                                                  1 Certified by IECQ Hazardous
                       2 Certified by FSC                           Substance Process Management




130   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


   Within the company, material classification management is implemented through special management
   of risk materials, stockpiling of commonly used materials, safety stock, rolling stockpiling and material
   standardization to optimize inventory management, ensuring smooth production and research and
   development. At the same time, the company collaborates with suppliers to jointly plan inventory and
   production schedules, establishing a closer cooperative relationship to effectively address supply risks. In
   addition, the company actively promotes the localization of suppliers and sets up local material inventories
   to ensure supply efficiency and stability.


         Case:    Practicing green procurement



        The company prefers to choose larger product packaging or recyclable and reusable packaging
        forms in procurement. We have replaced the cardboard boxes used for packaging 5L chemical
        reagents for R&D with plastic crates to increase the number of times the packaging can be reused;
        changed the packaging of dichloromethane and ethyl acetate from 25kg small barrels to 250L
        large iron barrels, and furthered to larger 1,000L packaging. By implementing control from the
        source, we effectively reduced waste emissions.




         Case:    Developing green logistics


       The company supports the development of green logistics by upgrading transportation tools. We
       use two new energy electric vehicles to replace traditional transportation methods for distributing
       various materials within the plant, achieving 100% transportation coverage within the plant. The
       large-capacity new energy electric vehicles not only improved transportation efficiency but also
       effectively reduced greenhouse gas emissions, promoting the company’s green operations and
       sustainable development.




2.4. Responsible Marketing

   Kelun-Biotech strictly adheres to responsible marketing principles when conducting marketing activities,
   promoting and advertising company products in a manner that complies with business ethics and
   regulatory requirements, and resolutely eliminates any form of false advertising.

                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     131
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         The company follows the laws and regulations such as the Advertising Law of the People’s Republic
         of China, the Property Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Consumer Protection Law of the
         People’s Republic of China, to formulate the Market Promotion Management Process, comprehensively
         standardizing market promotion activities from aspects such as planning, execution and promotional
         materials.


         The company explicitly requires that promotional materials be applicable only to products with approved
         indications or post-marketing products, and the information contained must be clear, accurate, fair,
         objective and verified. The statements regarding product safety must adhere to the principles of fairness
         and balance and reflect the relevant evidence. If the material content involves clinical information, it is
         necessary to provide the minimum information regarding clinical research.


         The company regularly conducts training for marketing employees, covering medical knowledge, product
         knowledge, processes and regulations, clearly conveying the company’s policies and management
         requirements regarding responsible marketing to employees. In 2024, more than 1,000 person-time
         employees participated in the marketing training of the company.


 3. DEDICATED TO CONTRIBUTION AND PROMOTING OUR ENTERPRISE VALUE
      3.1. Win-win Industry Cooperation

         Kelun-Biotech is well aware that the development of the pharmaceutical industry cannot be separated
         from the concerted efforts of peer companies and all sectors of society. To this end, the company actively
         establishes a long-term innovation platform and technology development cooperation mechanism,
         shaping high-quality industry cooperation models to make a positive contribution to the development of
         the pharmaceutical industry. Meanwhile, we actively participate in various academic exchange activities,
         continuously promoting technological innovation in the industry to create more value for patients.


         Establishment of innovation platform

         National Engineering Research Center for Biotargeted Drug: In response to the government’s
         innovation strategy, the company, leveraging its advantages in innovative drug R&D, has taken the
         lead in establishing the National Engineering Research Center for Biotargeted Drug. In collaboration
         with 39 leading domestic research and clinical institutions including China Pharmaceutical University,
         Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Sichuan University and
         Southwest Medical University, as well as national high-level platforms such as the National Industrial
         Innovation Center of Precision Medicine and the National Engineering Research Center for Isotopes and
         Pharmaceuticals, a strategic alliance has been formed to advance industrial innovation. The innovative
         platform received approval from the National Development and Reform Commission in 2022. As of the
         end of the reporting period, the platform has been operating stably.




132     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Sichuan Province Biomacromolecule Drug Innovation Consortium : In October 2024, the
company, in collaboration with Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Kelun Pharmaceutical), China
Pharmaceutical University, Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica of the Chinese Academy of Sciences,
Sichuan Provincial People’s Hospital, and the Affiliated Hospital of North Sichuan Medical College,
among other innovative leading entities, jointly established the Sichuan Province Biomacromolecule Drug
Innovation Consortium, which received approval from the Science & Technology Department of Sichuan
Province. The innovation consortium focuses on the “R&D + Clinical + Manufacturing + Application” of
biomacromolecules, conducting technological breakthroughs in the field of biomacromolecules, and is
the only one in the biopharmaceutical sector. The company will fully leverage its leading technological
advantages in the biopharmaceutical industry to provide strong technological support for the innovative
and high-quality development of Sichuan’s biopharmaceutical industry.


In addition, the company opens its technology platform to provide services for innovative drug R&D,
pilot production and commercialization, accelerating the transfer and transformation of technological
achievements and promoting industry development.


Strengthening strategic cooperation

The company actively establishes a mutually beneficial strategic cooperation system with enterprises
at all upstream and downstream stages, conducting in-depth cooperation in areas such as technology
research and development, market access and product launch, to accelerate resource integration and
industrial innovation.


In December 2024, the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Shanghai
Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Both parties will further integrate advantageous resources to explore more
comprehensive and in-depth cooperation models in areas such as national market access and innovative
financial payments, focusing on promoting the comprehensive cooperation of Sacituzumab Tirumotecan
(sac-TMT, 佳 泰 萊 ®) to benefit a wide range of patients, fully leveraging the social and economic benefits
of the cooperation between the two parties, and jointly promoting the development of the pharmaceutical
industry.


Promoting industry innovation

The company maintains a robust academic exchange mechanism with experts and enterprises both
domestically and internationally, actively participating in various academic conferences and forums
such as the AACR, ASCO, ESMO, the 27th Chinese Clinical Oncology Conference and the 2024 CSCO
Annual Meeting. The company shares the latest clinical research achievements in oncology, engages in
high-quality exchanges with attendees, promotes innovative breakthroughs and brings gospel to more
cancer patients.




                                                                                Annual Report 2024    133
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                Case:    Participating in international academic conferences to share the latest achievements


               In September 2024, the company shared and presented multiple clinical research results of
               TROP2 ADC Sacituzumab Tirumotecan at the ESMO annual meeting, including studies on cervical
               cancer, endometrial cancer and ovarian cancer, and engaged in in-depth exchanges with industry
               experts. As a TROP2 ADC product independently developed in our country, Sacituzumab
               Tirumotecan demonstrated impressive efficacy data in trials, with strong controllability of safety,
               showing great therapeutic potential and providing high-quality and accessible treatment options
               for patients worldwide.




      3.2. Facilitating Inclusive Care

          Kelun-Biotech regards promoting inclusive healthcare and safeguarding public health interests as an
          important responsibility of the company. The company regards the Board of Directors as the highest
          supervisory body for inclusive healthcare, actively collaborating with multiple parties to explore effective
          ways to enhance product accessibility in order to meet the medical needs of more patients.


          The company has formulated and publicly released the Fair Pricing Statement, committing to conduct
          drug pricing based on the principles of value-oriented, tiered pricing and fair pricing; and pledging to
          continuously enhance drug accessibility, actively engage in drug access in developing countries and
          underdeveloped regions, participate in medical assistance and public welfare programs, and support for
          medical and health system development.


          In 2024, the company actively implemented the concept of inclusive healthcare and immediately initiated
          the process for inclusion in Huimin Insurance across various provinces and cities nationwide following
          the marketing approval of sacituzumab tirumotecan ( 佳 泰 萊 ®). As of the end of the reporting period, the
          company deeply participated in and successfully gained access for the product to the Huimin Insurance
          projects in Zhuhai and Wuxi, and will participate in the Huimin Insurance project in Anhui Province at
          the beginning of 2025. During the project advancement process, the company actively coordinated with
          relevant local departments, submitted detailed product information, assurance plans and implementation
          schemes, striving to expedite the inclusion into the Huimin Insurance system, providing patients with
          effective, safe and accessible new treatment options, as well as alleviating the medical burden on
          residents.




134     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




         The company has also actively engaged in patient
         assistance programs, collaborating with the Quzhou
         Medical Health and Community Development Foundation
         in Zhejiang Province to carry out the “佳泰萊 ® Patient
         Care Project”. Eligible patients who submit applications
         can receive charitable drug donations from the company,
         effectively reducing their medical burden and enhancing
         their health protection level.




                     Kelun-Biotech launches the “佳 泰 萊 ® Patient Care Project”


   Orphan drugs, as special medications for the prevention and treatment of rare diseases, hold significant
   importance. The main product of Kelun-Biotech, RET inhibitor A400, was granted orphan drug
   designation by FDA in 2023. This drug targets the treatment of RET fusion-positive solid tumors, bringing
   new hope for rare disease patient groups and meeting the urgent treatment needs of this special patient
   population.


3.3. Participating in Social Co-construction

   Kelun-Biotech actively undertakes corporate social responsibility, pays close attention to the needs of
   the nation and operational locations, fully leverages its resources and advantages to serve society, and
   contributes to social development and community construction.


   The company strengthens its investment in public welfare causes, encourages employees to participate
   in public welfare, and actively cultivates a culture of public welfare. In order to enhance donation
   transparency, the company formulated the Management System for External Donation, which clearly
   stipulates the key donation directions, donation principles, donation methods and management approval
   procedures. In 2024, the company’s public welfare contributions totaled more than RMB800,000.


   In 2024, the company put into use of the Chengdu Federation of Trade Unions Employee Inclusive
   Platform. The platform features a consumption assistance rural revitalization section, where all products
   and gift packages originate from the 832 poverty-stricken areas recognized by the state. This measure
   not only enhances employee welfare but also provides strong support for industrial development in
   impoverished areas, effectively promoting the process of poverty alleviation through consumption and
   contributing to the implementation of the rural revitalization strategy.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    135
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


 4. PEOPLE ORIENTED AND DEDICATED TO PROGRESS WITH OUR EMPLOYEES
      4.1. Diversity, Equality and Inclusion

          Kelun-Biotech is committed to creating a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment, respecting
          the individual differences of each employee, and supporting employees with different backgrounds and
          industry experiences to realize their potential and achieve personal value at Kelun-Biotech.


         Lawful employment

          The company strictly adheres to the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Labor Contract
          Law of the People’s Republic of China, and all relevant national laws and regulations within its operational
          scope, it has formulated the Recruitment Management System to regulate recruitment practices and
          reserve high-quality talent for the company’s sustainable development. In 2024, the company introduced
          the Employee Diversification and Labor System and the Female Employee Labor Protection Management
          Regulations to further strengthen the protection of employees’ legitimate rights and interests.


          In the recruitment process, the company ensures that candidates are not unfairly treated due to various
          factors such as race, gender, nationality, religious beliefs, age, marital status, etc., and firmly implements
          equal pay for equal work for male and female employees. In addition, the company has clearly stipulated
          in its regulations that employees must meet the national legal working age, and the Human Resources
          Department conducts strict scrutiny of employee identity information during the employment contract
          signing stage. We strictly prohibit the employment of child labor and forced labor practices, and will
          punish the relevant personnel in strict compliance with related requirements once we identify such
          situation. In addition, the company fully guarantees the right of employees to collective negotiation.




136     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


In 2024, the company did not have any incidents of employing child labor, forced labor, or discrimination.
The rate of signing labor contracts by the company is 100%, the proportion of employees covered by
collective negotiation agreements reaches 100%, and the proportion of employees in service who have
joined the union is 100%.


              Employment Performance of Kelun-Biotech in 2024


           By type of employment                        By gender (full-time employees)

           Full-time                Persons
                                                                                                Persons

          Part-time               0 Person
                                                           Persons
         Outsourcing                Persons                                                    Female
                                                                                               Male




       By age (full-time employees)                     By region (full-time employees)

                                            Persons                                           Persons
                                                            Persons




                                         Persons
       Persons
                                                               Persons

                       30 years old or younger                 Sichuan Province
                       31 to 49 years old                      Other provinces
                       50 years old or older                   and cities in Mainland China
                                                               (excluding Sichuan Province)
                                                               Oversea



Talent attraction and retention

Kelun-Biotech is well aware that talent is an important cornerstone of the company and also the core
competitiveness driving high-quality development. We actively engage in school-enterprise cooperation
projects, continuously improve welfare guarantees, and adopt multiple measures to attract and retain
high-quality talents, ensuring the company’s sustainable development.


                                                                                 Annual Report 2024     137
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         School-enterprise cooperation

         To cultivate outstanding pharmaceutical professionals with solid foundational theory, exceptional practical
         innovation capabilities, and high professional quality, Kelun Pharmaceutical has joined hands with the
         West China School of Pharmacy, Sichuan University to establish the “Kelun Class”, providing customized
         corporate training and professional practice opportunities for undergraduates and postgraduates. As
         one of the practice bases for the “Kelun Class” project, Kelun-Biotech has assisted in completing seven
         undergraduate training programs and two postgraduate training plans by the end of 2024.


         In June 2024, students from the seventh undergraduate session and the second postgraduate session of
         “Kelun Class” visited Kelun-Biotech. The company led the students on a tour of the enterprise and invited
         the core scientific research force to conduct a special lecture on “Global ADC Drug R&D/Transaction
         Trends and Biotech’s Innovative Internationalization”. The lecture shared global drug demand and
         R&D trends, introduced significant innovative achievements of Kelun-Biotech, and answered students’
         questions about the development of the pharmaceutical industry and personal career planning.




                                     “Kelun Class” students visit Kelun-Biotech


         Attracting overseas talents

         With the steady advancement of Kelun-Biotech’s drug research and development and commercialization
         layout, the company extensively recruits outstanding global talents, striving to build a high-level,
         diversified talent team with a composite background. We actively respond to the incentive policy for
         high-end and urgently-needed overseas talents in Sichuan Province by organizing eligible overseas
         talents to apply for recognition. In 2024, a total of seven overseas talents from the company applied for
         the High-end and Urgently-needed Overseas Talent Incentive Recognition in Sichuan Province, which will
         further assist the company in attracting and retaining outstanding overseas talents, injecting new impetus
         into innovative development.

      4.2. Employee Rights and Welfare

         Kelun-Biotech is committed to providing employees with a competitive remuneration and benefits system,
         continuously enhancing employee well-being through comprehensive and diverse humanistic care and
         a wide range of employee activities, and promoting a harmonious corporate culture both internally and
         externally.




138     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Employee Compensation and Benefits

Compensation System

The company, in accordance with the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China and other laws and
regulations, has established a Compensation Management System that consists of a compensation
structure made up of basic salary, variable salary, and various benefits, and continuously improved its
compensation mechanism to adapt to company development and market changes.

The company adheres to the principle of paying labor remuneration based on contribution and
performance, creating a healthy competitive mechanism, ensuring that our compensation level is
appropriate for the company’s development stage and profitability. Combined with various incentive
measures such as equity incentive, the salary of employees has a strong competitiveness in the industry,
so as to achieve the purpose of effectively attracting, retaining and motivating key talents, enhancing the
company’s core competitiveness.

Welfare System

The company has established a comprehensive welfare management system aimed at providing all
employees (including regular employees, contract employees, interns, etc.) with all-encompassing welfare
guarantees, creating a warm working environment, and continuously enhancing employees’ sense of
happiness and belonging. The company attaches great importance to the mental health of employees and
added the mental health assessment item for employees in 2024, which is included in the annual regular
health check-up.

                             Employee Welfare System of Kelun-Biotech


               Statutory Benefits                                         Care Welfare


           Five social insurance and one
                                                                  Traditional holiday welfare
           housing fund


                                                                  Housing, dining, and
           Various paid leave entitlements
                                                                  transportation subsidies provided
           stipulated by law
                                                                  by the company



                                                                  Employee canteen



                                                                   Employee dormitories and
                                                                   shuttle services for commuting



                                                                   Employee commercial insurance




                                                                                  Annual Report 2024    139
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



             Case:     Launching the Employee Benefits Platform to meet diverse welfare needs


           To address the growing and diverse welfare needs of employees, the company actively explored
           innovative solutions in 2024. After conducting in-depth market research, the company successfully
           launched the Employee Benefits Platform. Leveraging advanced Internet technology and extensive
           resource integration, the platform aggregates a wide range of high-quality welfare resources, cover-
           ing daily necessities, cultural and entertainment products, fresh food and more. It fully enables
           personalized customization and precise delivery of employee benefits. The successful launch and
           operation of the Employee Benefits Platform have significantly enhanced employee satisfaction with
           the company’s welfare offerings.



       Employee Care




          Kelun-Biotech places great emphasis on safeguarding the
          rights and interests of female employees during special
          physiological stages, and fully implements relevant labor
          forbidden regulations to ensure that female employees
          enjoy their lawful rights during menstruation, pregnancy,
          and lactation. We have established priority seating for
          pregnant women on all shuttle buses to ensure the safety
          and convenience of commuting for pregnant employees.
          At the same time, we have established comfortable and
          well-equipped nursing rooms to provide a private and
          convenient space for breastfeeding female employees.
          In 2024, the company further optimized its management
          measures by introducing flexible attendance intervals for
          female employees, allowing for a 30-minute flexibility in
          start and end times, to better support female employees
          in balancing their work and personal lives.



                                         Kelun-Biotech’s Nursing Rooms




140   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Employee Communication

The company places great importance on communication and interaction with employees and has
established multiple channels to facilitate effective dialogue, including the General Manager’s mailbox,
HR department mailbox, a platform for collecting rationalization proposals, and employee satisfaction
surveys.


The company insists on conducting regular employee satisfaction surveys annually. In 2024, the
employee satisfaction survey covered five areas: management, environment, career development, job
responsibilities and compensation and benefits. The survey results indicated an employee engagement
rate of 97% and an overall satisfaction rate of 93%, reflecting a high level of overall employee satisfaction.


To guide and encourage employees to exhibit a sense of ownership, and to put forward innovative
suggestions and improvement ideas that are conducive to enhancing the quality of business operations
and management capabilities, the company has formulated the Management System for Rationalization
Proposal Activities and organized the collection of rationalization suggestions. The company encourages
employee feedback through institutionalized reward measures, maximizes the exploration of employee
innovation potential, and effectively promotes the development of the company’s production and
operations. In 2024, the company received a total of 250 rationalization proposals from employees
regarding improvements in corporate management, processes optimization, and work efficiency
enhancement. After evaluation, the company adopted 160 of these proposals.


In addition, the company launched a “Safety Initiative” rationalization proposal campaign, focusing on
collecting suggestions related to traffic safety, R&D safety, and production safety. A total of 71 proposals
were received during this event, of which 38 were ultimately adopted, providing strong support for the
company’s safety production management.


Colorful Workplace

The company establishes staff unions, regularly holds or organizes employees to participate in a variety
of team-building activities such as cycling, basketball, badminton and table tennis to create a green,
humanistic and comfortable working and living environment, encouraging employees to fully showcase
themselves outside of work, enhance colleague friendships, and increase the well-being of employees.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024     141
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



             Case:   Organizing paid group travel for employees to enhance their work experience


           In 2024, the company provided employees with over one year of service the opportunity to partici-
           pate in paid group travel. Tourism destinations included multiple tourist attractions such as Guilin,
           Sanya, Xishuangbanna and Qingdao. These group travels allowed employees to relax and unwind
           while experiencing the magnificent landscapes of our motherland. These activities also fostered
           stronger interactions and engagement among employees, significantly enhancing their sense of
           happiness and belonging.




             Case:    Optimizing and upgrading activity facilities to meet diverse employee needs


            In 2024, the company developed a 400-square-meter modern activity space tailored for
            employees. The sports area is equipped with professional and comprehensive facilities, including
            designated standard courts for table tennis and badminton, as well as a fully equipped fitness area
            to cater to employees’ diverse exercise needs. Beyond the sports facilities, the space also features
            a cozy and comfortable leisure area for social interaction. This multifunctional venue provides
            employees with an integrated space for fitness, recreation and engagement.




142   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


4.3. Employee Training and Development

   Kelun-Biotech places great emphasis on talent development and cultivation, providing employees with
   various career development pathways and establishing a comprehensive training system.


   Career Development

   To meet the development needs of employees and build a sustainable talent team, the company has
   formulated a Promotion Management System applicable to all employees, creating promotion channels for
   various function sequences, and providing employees with a broad space for career development.


                                   Function Sequences of Kelun-Biotech

    Sequence                                 Applicable Personnel
                                          Management sequence (Management, abbreviated as Class M)
    Management sequence                   Applicable to those with team management functions, who lead
     (Management, abbreviated as Class M) the team to achieve business goals through the management of
                                          personnel and the use of resources.
                                             Applicable to those engaged in professional work in support
    Support sequence
                                             functions such as administration, audit, legal affairs, finance,
      (Support, abbreviated as Class S)
                                             human resources, procurement, and warehousing.

                                             Applicable to those engaged in research and development and
    R&D sequence                             related work throughout the R&D process (including but not
      (Research, abbreviated as Class R)     limited to project initiation, registration, project management,
                                             intellectual property, etc.).
                                             Applicable to those engaged in production and work directly
    Production sequence
                                             related to production support (including but not limited to
      (Production, abbreviated as Class P)
                                             production quality assurance, equipment maintenance support).



   The company continuously improves the employee assessment and promotion system, combines the
   actual situation of each department to formulate “Position Descriptions”, clarifies the individual career
   development paths of employees, and plays a positive role in the selection, appointment and retention of
   core talents. In 2024, the company comprehensively conducted a full-staff assessment with a coverage
   rate of 100%. 449 employees achieved career advancement through assessment during the reporting
   period.


   The company respects the career development wishes of employees and has established an internal job
   transfer mechanism that allows employees to apply for other positions within the company, and fully taps
   into employee potential. The company fully considers the job requirements and employee preferences to
   arrange internal interviews for employees with job transfer needs. Employees can be reassigned internally
   upon passing the assessment. During the reporting period, the company provided internal transfer
   opportunities to 149 employees, representing a 5.7-fold increase compared to last year, effectively
   enhancing the organization’s flexibility.


   In addition, the company actively assists employees in the evaluation for professional title promotions.
   In 2024, a total of 23 employees were approved for junior titles, 21 for intermediate titles, and 2 for
   associate senior titles.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     143
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         Employee Training

         The company has formulated a Training Management System that requires the HR department to take
         the lead in organizing each department to jointly develop an annual training plan, and to conduct full
         tracking and supervision of the implementation of training. By establishing a diverse and flexible training
         mechanism, the company has provided an effective platform for employees to enhance themselves. In
         2024, the company introduced the “Internal Trainer Management and Incentive Program” to strengthen
         the construction of its internal trainer system, establish exemplary role models, and promote the healthy
         development of its talent development system.


               Case:    Enhancing frontline managers’ leadership skills



              In 2024, the company launched a pilot Team Leader Training Program within its production division
              to strengthen the management capabilities of frontline managers. The training was divided into
              “specialized” and “general” modules. The specialized training commenced in April 2024 and lasted
              for six months, covering professional courses in production, quality and equipment, on-site and
              safety management etc. The general training course system included management capabilities,
              corporate culture and management systems etc. By the end of 2024, the company had conducted
              training sessions on corporate culture and management systems. A total of 61 employees
              participated in the Team Leader Training Program.




         In 2024, the company conducted 2,507 training sessions, with a total of 93,675 participants, a total
         learning time of 115,220 hours, a 100% employee coverage rate, and an average training duration of
         81.43 hours.

      4.4. Occupational Health and Safety

         Safety is the lifeline of a company’s stability, health and sustainable development. Kelun-Biotech regards
         the protection of employee health and safety as a top priority in its production and operational activities.
         The company has established a comprehensive safety management system to ensure its long-term stable
         development.

         Safe Production

         Safe Production Management System

         In the area of safe production management, the company strictly follows laws and regulations such as
         the Safe Production Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Occupational Disease Prevention and
         Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, and has formulated safety management systems such
         as the Safe Production Responsibility System, Management System for Factory Safety, Management
         System for Monitoring and Evaluation of Occupational Disease Hazards and Management Procedure
         for Occupational Health Promotion and Education, clarifying safety responsibilities at all levels, and
         standardizing safety management requirements for factories, workshops, facilities, special operations,
         etc., providing employees with a safe and effective working environment.




144     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The company establishes a Safety Production Committee. The main responsible person of the enterprise
is the first responsible person for safe production, and the person in charge of each department is the
first responsible person for safe production of the department. In accordance with the principle of “three
management and three musts” for safe production, i.e., “the industry managers must manage safety, the
business managers must manage safety, and the producers and operators must manage safety”. The
safety management work is carried out from three levels of the company, department and team, and the
person in charge at each level is the first responsible person.




    In 2024, the company successfully passed the external
    audit of the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety
    Management System certification, with the certification
    covering 100% of the company’s production sites. During the
    reporting period, the company’s investment in occupational
    health and safety reached RMB490,000.




                           ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety
                         Management System Certificate of Kelun-Biotech

Safety Production Objectives and Performance

The company always adheres to the principle of “safety first, prevention foremost, and comprehensive
management”, and has set an annual goal of zero major and particularly major accidents, as well as
specific objectives such as the 100% employee safety production education and training rate, 100%
rectification rate of safety hazards, and 100% signing rate of EHS target responsibility agreements. In
2024, the company achieved various safety objectives, with no safety accidents occurring within the year.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    145
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       Hidden Risk Screening and Fire Safety

       The company has established a dual preventive mechanism, forming relevant management systems and
       clarifying the process of risk classification management and management of hidden hazards. It organizes
       workshops of all departments to use tools such as the LEC and JHA, conducts comprehensive risk
       assessment of existing post production operations, production equipment, etc., and supplements control
       measures for high-risk items to reduce their risk degree.


       Furthermore, the company combines the post and equipment risk card in the double system and the
       daily hidden danger investigation record table to form a mechanism of “three-in-one tables”, which is
       posted or hung at the post site to conduct daily investigation and confirmation of the risk points and
       danger sources of the post. If potential accidents are discovered, the relevant responsible departments
       must promptly formulate corrective measures and implement them in a timely manner to ensure that the
       production process complies with safety and environmental protection requirements, and to enforce the
       Management System for EHS Accident Investigation and Accountability in the event of accidents.


             Case:    Conducting fire safety emergency evacuation drill


            In November 2024, to enhance employees’ awareness and ability to respond to emergency
            evacuations, the company organized the 2024 annual comprehensive emergency evacuation drill,
            with a total of 1,153 employees from various departments participating. In addition to evacuation
            drill, the company set up three practical experience zones on site: fire extinguisher operation, fire
            hydrant target practice, and a fire escape experience room, to enhance employees’ emergency
            response capabilities in the event of a fire incident.




       Safety Management of Contractors

       The company is revising the “Contractor Safety Management System” to further clarify the processes
       related to contractor safety management, including contractor selection, safety agreements, site
       entry management, work preparation, construction safety, assessment and evaluation, as well as the
       responsibilities of departments involved in contractor safety management and corresponding procedural
       requirements. Through comprehensive process standardization management, the company aims to
       reduce the occurrence of safety accidents after contractors begin work on-site.




146   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


In addition, the company places significant emphasis on providing safety training for contractors and has
uploaded six contractor construction management-related topics, including site entry safety, hot work
safety and on-site supervisor training, to the online learning center. Each course includes both course
learning modules and post-course assessments. As of the end of 2024, a total of 40 contractor workers
participated in the site entry safety training and successfully passed the assessment.


Safety Culture Promotion

The company regularly organizes various safety-related training activities for different functional
departments, including internal safety training and outsourced professional skills training. In 2024, a total
of 29 safety training sessions were conducted, with an attendance of 7,461 participants and a cumulative
total of 8,356 learning hours, averaging 4.9 hours per person.


       Case:   Launching the “Quality, Safety and Compliance Season” themed campaign to strengthen safety awareness


     From May to August 2024, the company organized the “Quality, Safety and Compliance Season”
     campaign under the themes of “Compliance, Qualification and Synergy—Strengthening Safety
     and Quality as the Cornerstone” & “Everyone Speaks of Safety, Everyone Masters Emergency
     Response – Ensuring Unobstructed Life-Saving Passage”. In addition to company-wide thematic
     promotions, 35 departments carried out department-level safety campaigns, with a total of 3,598
     participants in safety education and training sessions during the campaign period.

     The company also carried out various safety-themed activities, such as Behavior-Based Safety
     (BBS) observations to enforce the safety supervision responsibilities of managers, with a total of
     127 observations covering 291 individuals. Furthermore, through the “Case-based Law
     Awareness” safety initiative, various departments conducted a total of 79 accident case training
     sessions to enhance employees’ safety responsibility awareness and continuously improve the
     company’s safety management level.




Occupational Health

Occupational Health Safeguards

The company has developed the Instruction Manual for Use of Labor Protective Products to guide the
standard selection and use of labor protective articles for post employees, and has invited personnel
from 3M to conduct training of mask and face shield fit testing in the factory area to enhance personnel’s
awareness of occupational protection.


At the same time, due to the particularity of Kelun-Biotech products, the company has taken a series
of stringent measures, including determination of OEL, OEB, qualitative risk assessment of the whole
process, use of closed equipment and systems, provision of labor insurance products and training,
compliance with waste disposal, and development of special emergency disposal plans, etc., to
continuously optimize engineering protection. The company also invites the third-party institutions to
conduct tightness testing to strictly ensure the health and safety of employees.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024      147
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         Occupational Health Objectives and Performance

         The company has set an annual goal of zero occupational disease hazard accident, and through
         occupational health examinations, labor protection equipment allocation, detection of occupational
         hazards at the workplace, and emergency drills, it works to prevent, control, and eliminate occupational
         hazards to protect employee health.


         In 2024, a total of 494 people at the company participated in occupational health examinations, with
         0 reported cases of occupational disease diagnosis. Furthermore, the compliance rate of annual
         occupational health hazard detection of the company reached 100%, effectively safeguarding employees’
         occupational health.


 5. FOCUS ON ECOLOGY – CREATE A GREEN FUTURE
      5.1. Responding to Climate Change

         In the production and operating activities, Kelun-Biotech upholds the concept of green development,
         formulates the “Climate Policy of Kelun-Biotech”, strictly controls the company’s greenhouse gas
         emissions, and advocates the participation of stakeholders to contribute to the fight against climate
         change.


         Climate Governance

         The company integrates climate-related matters into its existing ESG management mechanism and
         carries out climate-related practices from a top-down approach. The Board of Directors regularly
         reviews climate-related policies and performance to ensure the effective execution and oversight of
         climate-related policies and initiatives. Under the guidance of the Board of Directors, the ESG Working
         Group gradually formulates and refines climate-related strategic objectives, while overseeing and
         reviewing the implementation and execution of climate change response actions. Each functional
         department specifically implements climate-related policies and actions.


         Risk and Opportunity Assessment

         The company systematically identifies and comprehensively assesses potential risks and opportunities of
         climate change, and develops response measures for major risks to effectively prevent and respond to
         the impact of climate change on the company.




148     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                           Climate-Related Risks in Kelun-Biotech


                Climate-related
   Type                                   Risk examples                          Potential impact                            Response measures
                     risks

                                                                   Damage to property and assets, including
                                                                   buildings, infrastructure, engineering and testing
                                      Increased severity of        equipment
                  Acute risk         extreme weather events        Suppliers may fail to complete deliveries in a
                                   such as typhoons and floods     timely manner, resulting in business interruption
                                                                   Negative impact on labor safety, management           Establish an enhanced
                                                                   and planning                                          emergency management
Physical risk                                                                                                            scheme for extreme
                                                                   Damage to the facilities of the supply chain          weather Reduce the use of
                                                                   enterprises                                           energy-extensive equipment
                                          Sea level rise
                                                                   Increased infrastructure costs in supply chain
                 Chronic risk                                      enterprises

                                                                   Increased energy consumption and operating
                                    Average temperature rise
                                                                   costs

                                                                   Fine, business loss, business closure                 Track relevant regulations
                                                                                                                         and policies annually and
                Policy and legal    Existing requirements and      In order to cater to the increasingly stringent       compile greenhouse gas
                      risks                 regulations            policies, the company’s costs have increased          emissions data in order to
                                                                                                                         respond in a timely manner
                                                                                                                         when requested

                                                                   Costs related to green technology research and
                                   Transition cost of low carbon
                Technical risks                                    development
                                       emission technology
                                                                   Increased operating costs
                                                                                                                         Make mitigation and
                                                                                                                         regulation of climate change
                                                                   Customers pay more attention to the carbon
                                                                                                                         as one of the priorities
                                                                   footprint of the supply chain, and demand to
                                                                                                                         of relevant business
                                                                   achieve the goal of carbon emission reduction in
                                       Change in customer                                                                departments and EHS
                                                                   the supply chain
                                           behavior                                                                      departments
                                                                   Order losses and reduced revenue due to
 Transition                                                        insufficient disclosure of carbon neutralization
    Risk                                                           targets and data

                  Market risk
                                                                   Climate change leads to new diseases, and
                                    Uncertain market demand        demand for drugs and other pharmaceutical
                                                                   products may increase

                                                                   Decreased quantity and quality of raw materials.
                                                                                                                         Make climate change
                                                                   Decrease in quantity leads to higher raw material
                                   Increased raw material costs                                                          a priority issue and
                                                                   costs, further increasing enterprise operating
                                                                                                                         communicate with
                                                                   costs
                                                                                                                         stakeholders through
                                                                                                                         channels such as ESG
                                                                   Corporate stakeholders, including investors           reports
                                                                   and customers, are increasingly concerned
                                      Increasing stakeholder
                                                                   about sustainable development and climate
                Reputation risk      concerns about negative
                                                                   change, and inadequate disclosure of corporate
                                            feedback
                                                                   information will damage the company’s
                                                                   reputation




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024              149
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                      Climate-related Opportunities in Kelun-Biotech


                     Climate-related opportunities                                Potential impact

                                                             Reduce the operating cost and enhance the company
                                      Reduce energy use
                                                             reputation
         Resource efficiency
                                       Reduce the use of
                                                             Reduce the operating cost of enterprises
                                        water resources

                                                             Formulate environmental management strategy according
                                                             to customer strategy and demand to enhance competitive
                                      Shifting in customer
        Products and services                                advantage
                                          preferences
                                                             As global climate change intensifies, customers are increasingly
                                                             inclined to use environmentally friendly products/services


       Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Targets

       5% reduction in ranges 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emission density in 2030, with 2023 as the baseline


       Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction Actions

       The company implements the low-carbon concept, creates the low-carbon economy, and is committed to
       reducing the adverse impact of the company’s operations on the environment. We continue to strengthen
       energy management and reduce energy waste while adopting environmentally friendly equipment and
       more advanced technologies to improve energy utilization efficiency. The company also actively explores
       the introduction and use of renewable energy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.




            The company also offsets part of its carbon emissions
            by purchasing green certificates. In 2024, the company
            purchased 4,900 green electricity certificates through the
            Beijing Power Exchange Center, corresponding to 4,900
            megawatt-hours of renewable energy generation.




                         Kelun-Biotech Green Electricity Certificate Purchase Record




150   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                      Greenhouse Gas Emission Performance of Kelun-Biotech

         Total greenhouse gas emitted in 2024                    Scope 1 greenhouse gas emitted in 2024


            21,106.72 tons (CO equivalence)2
                                                                    6,366.60 tons (CO equivalence)2

              (2023: 19,903.34 tons (CO2 equivalence))                (2023: 6,335.07 tons (CO2 equivalence))



         Scope 2 greenhouse gas emitted in 2024                  Density of greenhouse gas emitted in 20242


            14,740.12 tons (CO equivalence)2
                                                                  43.07 tons (CO equivalence)/person
                                                                                          2

              (2023: 13,568.27 tons (CO2 equivalence))              (2023: 45.65 tons (CO2 equivalence)/person)



              Case:    Organizing the “Earth Hour” lights-off awareness campaign


              In March 2024, the company actively participated in the “Earth Hour” campaign in response to the
              call from the World Wildlife Fund (WWF). The company conducted comprehensive promotions
              among employees by posting posters, displaying messages on electronic screens, and issuing
              announcements to encourage employees to join the lights-off initiative from 20:30 to 21:30 on
              March 23, whether at home or in office areas. Employees were also encouraged to share “Earth
              Hour” messages on social media to invite friends and family to participate, contributing to
              addressing global climate change.




        Climate-related emergency management

        In response to the increasing frequency of climate-related natural disasters, the company has established
        the “Special Emergency Response Plan for Natural Disasters” and the “Flood Prevention and Control
        Emergency Plan”, among other systems, and regularly conducts emergency drills to safeguard
        employees’ health and safety as well as protect corporate assets.

2
    The density unit takes the annual average number of R&D and production core personnel as the denominator, with an
    average annual number of 490 R&D and production core personnel in 2024.


                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   151
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



               Case:   Conducting earthquake evacuation and flood prevention and control emergency drills


              In March 2024, the company organized the 2024 Earthquake Natural Disaster Emergency
              Evacuation Drill, with over 1,000 employees participating. In July of the same year, the company
              conducted the 2024 Flood Prevention and Control Emergency Drill, with more than 40 employees
              involved.




      5.2. Environmental Management System

         Kelun-Biotech strictly adheres to the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China,
         the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the
         Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, and the Law
         of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid
         Waste, as well as other laws and regulations, and formulates environmental-related systems such as the
         Management Procedure for Environmental Protection and the Management System for Waste Collection
         and Waste Storage, to ensure the smooth progress of the company’s environmental protection work.


         The company adheres to the principle of “prevention first, combined with control and treatment”,
         establishes detailed management methods for pollutants such as wastewater, exhaust gas, solid waste,
         and noise generated during the operation process, clarifies the responsibilities of the EHS department in
         charge of the company’s environmental management, and sets up a reward and punishment mechanism.
         In response to potential pollution accidents, the company has developed a comprehensive Emergency
         Response Plan for Environmental Pollution Accidents to effectively improve the management level in
         dealing with emergencies.




152     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Basic Principles of Environmental Protection Management Procedures of Kelun-Biotech


   The director of the EHS department of the company is responsible for environmental protection work
   and reporting directly to the responsible persons of the company;


   Focus on the prevention and control of “three wastes” pollution, ensuring the funding, equipment,
   materials, and manpower for the “three wastes” treatment and comprehensive utilization projects;


   Establish regular inspection, maintenance, and post-maintenance acceptance procedures for
   environmental protection facilities and equipment;


   The company must include environmental protection work as one of the technical and economic
   indicators for assessment and evaluation;


   Anyone who violates the procedures and causes an accident must be held accountable according to
   the degree of hazard of the accident.




   In 2024, the company successfully passed the external
   audit of the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System
   certification, with the certification covering 100% of the
   company’s production sites.




      ISO 14001 Environmental Management System certification of Kelun-Biotech




                                                                             Annual Report 2024   153
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      5.3. Resource Management

         Kelun-Biotech attaches great importance to energy and water resource management, continuously
         improving its resource management system and enhancing resource utilization efficiency.


         Energy Saving

         Energy Management System



                In accordance with the Law of the People’s Republic of
                China on Energy Saving and other laws and regulations,
                the company sets the Equipment & Power Engineering
                Department as the Energy Management Department,
                formulates the “Energy Inspection System” to ensure the
                effective implementation of energy management. In 2024,
                the company successfully passed the external audit of
                the ISO 50001Energy Management System certification,
                with the certification covering 100% of the company’s
                production sites.



                     ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certification of Kelun-Biotech


         Energy management measures

         From three aspects – enhancing the energy-saving level of facilities and systems, refining energy-saving
         management procedures and implementing energy-saving measures-the company continuously improves
         energy use efficiency in R&D and production operations, and promotes the realization of low-carbon
         management objectives.




154     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                              Energy Management Measures for Kelun-Biotech


   Enhancing the Energy-saving Level of Facilities and Systems

   1.   The design and construction process of the plant strictly complies with the requirements of green buildings. The heat
        preservation (winter)/cold preservation (summer) performance of the building is improved through material and structural
        upgrading to reduce energy consumption.
   2.   Establish the operation facilities, equipment automation and frequency conversion control system, adjust the energy load
        level flexibly and improve the energy utilization efficiency.
   3.   Establish an annual comprehensive energy consumption analysis mechanism, and adopt advanced energy-saving
        technologies (such as HVAC heat pipe control) to reform high-energy consuming equipment to achieve the goal of energy
        saving and consumption reduction.
   Refined Management Procedure for Energy Saving

   1.   Carry out energy saving and consumption reduction patrol work and implement monthly inspection and assessment,
        and timely correct and rectify problems such as continuous light.
   2.   Each department conducts energy inspection at least once a month, and the energy management department carries
        out irregular repeated or spot checks to timely feedback and rectify problems and archive files.
   3.   Carry out diversified energy-saving publicity and education to employees.


   Implement Energy-saving Measures

   1.   Advanced energy-saving schemes in the industry were employed in the new construction and reconstruction projects
        and energy-saving materials, etc. were used.
   2.   Lighting system modification, including replacement of LED lamps, use of sound-controlled lamps in public areas, etc.




In 2024, the company focused on optimizing the operation of refrigeration units and implementing refined
management of the steam system to further reduce energy consumption. For the refrigeration units, the
company adopted a combination of “variable frequency technology + temperature sensors + temperature
control system” to adjust the operation of the variable frequency fan and valve switching according to
the high and low-temperature set points, achieving optimal energy efficiency for the refrigeration units.
For example, a 280-kilowatt refrigeration unit can save up to 65,000 kilowatt-hours of electricity annually.
In addition, according to the differences in steam usage requirements, the company separated the air
conditioning humidification steam system from the pure steam system used in the production process,
resulting in savings in steam energy consumption and testing costs, with an annual cost saving of
approximately RMB62,500.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024            155
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


          Energy Management Objectives and Progress


            With 2023 as the baseline,                                       With 2023 as the baseline,


               5% reduction of power consumption                                      5% reduction of natural gas
                             density in 2030                                            consumption density in 2030



                                                 Energy Performance of Kelun-Biotech3

            Quantity of purchased power            Density of purchased power                 Quantity of diesel
            consumed in 2024                       consumed in 2024                           consumed in 20244

             25,846,255 kilowatt hours             52,747.46 kilowatt hours/person                           0 liter
             (2023: 23,791,455 kilowatt hours)      (2023: 54,567.56 kilowatt hours/person)            (2023: 1,293 liters)



            Density of diesel                      Quantity of natural gas                     Density of natural gas
            consumed in 2024                       consumed in 2024                            consumed in 2024

                       0 liter/person                3,216,061 cubic meters                   6,563.39 cubic meters/person
                 (2023: 2.97 liters/person)          (2023: 3,198,447 cubic meters)            (2023: 7,335.89 cubic meters/person)




          Water Conservation

          Water Resource Management System

          Based on the Management Procedure for Environmental Protection, the company continuously
          improves water resources management. As a company in the pharmaceutical industry, we focus on the
          development and utilization of water cycle technology in high water consumption links such as process
          water and process cooling water, and increase water reuse efforts, with an annual recovery of condensate
          water reaching 1,000 cubic meters.


          We also actively engage in production process optimization to achieve reduction in water resource usage
          at the source. In 2024, the company optimized the CIP for production equipment in the purification
          workshop. Under the condition that the interval between two production batches does not exceed 7
          days, the CIP process before the next batch of production is eliminated, saving approximately 130 tons
          of water per cleaning cycle.




 3
      The density unit takes the annual average number of R&D and production core personnel as the denominator, with an
      average annual number of 490 R&D and production core personnel in 2024.
 4
      The quantity of diesel consumed by the company in 2023 was for self-purchased diesel power generation, while there was
      no self-purchased diesel consumption for power generation in 2024, and diesel for vehicles was not included in the scope
      of production and operation of Kelun-Biotech as it was under the management of Kelun Research Institute.


156      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Water Resources Management Objectives and Progress

                                            With 2023 as the baseline,


                                                        10% reduction
                                                     in water density in 2030




                              Water Resource Management Performance of Kelun-Biotech

         Usage of tap water in 2024            Usage of circulating water in 2024     Water density in 20245


            354,959 cubic meters                 34,560,000 cubic meters               724.41 cubic meters/person
            (2023: 302,765 cubic meters)         (2023: 34,560,000 cubic meters)      (2023: 694.42 cubic meters/person)




    5.4. Emission Management

        Kelun-Biotech continues to strengthen its pollution prevention efforts, focusing on reducing emissions of
        pollutants such as exhaust gases, wastewater and solid waste, to minimize the negative environmental
        impact of its operations.

        Air Pollutant Emission

        The company strictly implements the requirements of the “Comprehensive Emission Standards of Air
        Pollutants” and “Emission Standards for Air Pollutants in Pharmaceutical Industry” to ensure compliance
        with emission standards for all types of air pollutants. Our company has installed high efficiency filtration
        systems in the production workshops, and the exhaust gas was treated and discharged by a combination
        of technologies including spray washing, activated carbon adsorption and photooxidation treatment.

        The company pays great attention to the daily operation management, maintenance, and inspection of the
        waste gas treatment facilities, and regularly contacts the qualified environmental monitoring units to carry
        out external monitoring of waste gas. The 2024 waste gas emission monitoring results of Kelun-Biotech
        meet the national emission standards, and the concentration of treated waste gas pollutants is far below
        the standard emission limits.


              Case:      Strengthening online monitoring of exhaust gas emissions to reduce pollutant concentration



             In 2024, the company installed two sets of online exhaust gas monitoring devices for the gas
             boilers, in order to promote refined operation of gas boilers to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions
             from the boiler exhaust gases. These devices can monitor parameters such as flue gas
             temperature, humidity, flow rate, and nitrogen oxide concentration in real time, further reducing the
             emission concentrations while ensuring that the boiler exhaust emissions meet the required
             standards.



5
    The density unit takes the annual average number of R&D and production core personnel as the denominator, with an
    average annual number of 490 R&D and production core personnel in 2024.


                                                                                               Annual Report 2024     157
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                 Air Pollutant Emission Performance of Kelun-Biotech


       Total exhaust gas emission in 2024                            Nitrogen oxides in 2024


               24,405.50 10,000 cubic meters                                             0.84    tons
               (2023: 39,948.85 10,000 cubic meters)                                   (2023: 0.78 tons)




        Volatile organic pollutants in 2024                          Particulate matter in 2024


                         0.96      tons                                                  0.29    tons
                        (2023: 0.81 tons)                                              (2023: 1.24 tons)




       Wastewater Discharge

       Through recirculating water renovation, the company reduces the amount of waste water produced
       in the production process, and strictly enforces the requirements of the discharge agreement signed
       with the park sewage treatment plant. After pretreatment process, the production wastewater and the
       experimental wastewater enter the sewage treatment station in the plant area together with the domestic
       sewage, and discharge into the park sewage treatment plant after reaching the standard.


            Case:     Implementing automation upgrades at the sewage treatment station to enhance operational stability


          In response to the low level of automation control at the sewage treatment plant, the company
          implemented an automation upgrade for the facilities and equipment of the sewage treatment
          plant in 2024. This upgrade enabled fully automated and configurable unmanned operation for
          functions such as water inflow, aeration, backwashing and emergency response. On such basis,
          remote network connectivity was established, allowing employees to perform the aforementioned
          operations via a mobile app. Following the upgrade, the company significantly reduced employee
          labor intensity while effectively enhancing the operational stability of the sewage treatment station.



                             Water Pollutant Emission Performance of Kelun-Biotech

        Total wastewater discharged in 2024                          COD discharged in 2024


                     107,370.06 tons                                                     4.32    tons
                       (2023: 102,003 tons)                                            (2023: 5.15 tons)




158   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Waste Management

The company strictly follows relevant laws and regulations such as the Law of the People’s Republic
of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, and formulates the
Management System for Waste Collection and Waste Storage that specifies the full process management
requirements for the collection, storage, transportation, and disposal of general and hazardous waste,
reducing the impact on the environment.


The company attaches importance to the standardized disposal of wastes, and timely clears and
transports harmless wastes through the sanitation department and waste recycling company. The
company strictly prohibits the act of mixing general wastes and hazardous wastes, and has made clear
regulations on the collection and storage of hazardous wastes, assigning dedicated personnel to be
responsible for the on-site management of the storage warehouse, and conducting regular training on
the standardized management of hazardous wastes to ensure that the collection, storage and transfer of
hazardous wastes strictly follow the relevant procedures.


In 2024, the company responded to the call by installing a full set of Internet of Things (IoT) equipment,
including electronic weighbridges, electronic label generation devices and video surveillance, in
its hazardous waste warehouse. The system was connected to the Sichuan Province Solid Waste
Comprehensive Management Platform to achieve full-process online management and control of
hazardous waste.


                                   Hazardous Waste Transfer Process of Kelun-Biotech




  Standardized storage points                       Eliminate static electricity of                       Place the hazardous waste
  for the temporary storage of                           human body after                                 in the !"
                                                                                                                 designated area and
        hazardous wastes                              entering the warehouse                                        #$it neatly
                                                                                                                arrange




                           Seal and safely transport the                              Weigh, print and                               Properly fill out the
                             hazardous waste to the                                    affix hazardous                            hazardous-waste storage
                            corresponding hazardous                              waste labels for transported                         registration form,
                                waste warehouse                                      hazardous wastes                             without any missing items




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024            159
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



            Case:   Hazardous-waste-leakage emergency drill


           In August 2024, to further enhance the safe use and management in the storage, collection, and
           disposal processes of hazardous waste, and to earnestly implement the safety policy of “Safety
           First, Prevention Foremost, and Comprehensive Control”, the EHS department of the company
           organized emergency drills for employees responsible for the transportation of hazardous wastes,
           focusing on hazardous waste response. Through practical exercises, the effectiveness and
           operability of the company’s emergency response to sudden hazardous waste incidents are
           verified, enhancing the emergency response team’s ability to respond and handle emergencies
           when accidents occur.




160   SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Case:    Standardized management training for hazardous wastes


In August 2024, the company conducted standardized management training for 746 employees
from departments that generate hazardous wastes. Through the explanations of professionals,
participants gained an in-depth understanding of the generation, collection, storage, and ledger
management of hazardous waste, improving their ability to manage hazardous waste,
strengthening their environmental protection and safety awareness, and effectively preventing and
controlling the harm that hazardous waste might pose to human health and the environment. The
participating employees underwent a written assessment after completing the training and all
passed.



        3.Standardized management of hazardous wastes
                                                                                         Account
                                                                                       management
                                       nt
                                g e me                                   Treatment
                             ana aste                                        and

                      e s s mus w )                                      utilization
                   roc rdo ges
               ll-p aza sta
             Fu of h (Six                                Transfer and
                                                        transportation


                                              Safe
                                            storage

                               Collection
                                  and
                                storage

            Source
         identification




                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   161
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


          Waste Management Objectives

                                                 With 2023 as the baseline,


                                                            5% reduction of
                                                        hazardous waste production
                                                              density in 2030


                                       Waste Management Performance of Kelun-Biotech6

            Quantity of hazardous wastes              Density of hazardous wastes               Quantity of non-hazardous
            generated in 2024                         generated in 2024                         wastes generated in 2024


                  402.41      tons                          0.82     tons/person                          933.5     tons
                 (2023: 239.47 tons)                      (2023: 0.55 tons/person)                  (2023: 676.01 tons/person)




             Density of non-hazardous wastes generated in 2024             Total recovery of non-hazardous wastes in 2024



                             1.91     tons/person                                              10.41      tons
                           (2023: 1.55 tons/person)                                           (2023: 8.28 tons)




 6
      The density unit takes the annual average number of R&D and production core personnel as the denominator, with an
      average annual number of 490 R&D and production core personnel in 2024.


162     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


APPENDIX I: ESG KEY PERFORMANCE TABLE

    Category               Indicator                                     Unit                             2023         2024

Performance statistics at environmental level
Atmospheric pollutants Total exhaust emitted                           10,000 cubic meters             39,948.85    24,405.50
                          Nitrogen oxides                              Ton                                  0.78            0.84
                          Volatile organic pollutants                  Ton                                  0.81            0.96
                          Particulate matter                           Ton                                  1.24            0.29
Wastewater                Total wastewater discharged                  Ton                              102,003    107,370.06
                          COD discharged                               Ton                                  5.15            4.32
Greenhouse gases          Total greenhouse gas emitted                 Ton (CO2 equivalence)           19,903.34    21,106.72
                          Scope 1 greenhouse gas emitted               Ton (CO2 equivalence)            6,335.07     6,366.60
                          Scope 2 greenhouse gas emitted               Ton (CO2 equivalence)           13,568.27    14,740.12
                          Density of greenhouse gas emitted            Ton (CO2 equivalence)/person        45.65           43.07
Wastes                    Quantity of hazardous wastes generated       Ton                               239.47        402.41
                          Density of hazardous wastes generated        Ton/person                           0.55            0.82
                          Quantity of non-hazardous wastes generated   Ton                               676.01        933.50
                          Density of non-hazardous wastes generated    Ton/person                           1.55            1.91
                          Total recovery of non-hazardous wastes       Ton                                  8.28           10.41
Energy                    Quantity of purchased power consumed         Kilowatt hour                  23,791,455   25,846,255
                          Density of purchased power consumed          Kilowatt hours/person           54,567.56    52,747.46
                          Quantity of diesel consumed     7
                                                                       Liter                               1,293               0
                          Density of diesel consumed                   Liter/person                         2.97               0
                          Quantity of natural gas consumed             Cubic meter                     3,198,447    3,216,061
                          Density of natural gas consumed              Cubic meter/person               7,335.89     6,563.39
Water resources           Quantity of tap water                        Cubic meter                      302,765       35,0561
                          Quantity of circulating water                Cubic meter                    34,560,000   34,560,000
                          Water density                                Cubic meter/person                694.42        724.41
Packaging materials   8
                          Total quantity of materials                  Ton                                 23.70           25.22




7
      The quantity of diesel consumed by the company in 2023 was for self-purchased diesel power generation, while there
      was no self-purchased diesel consumption for power generation in 2024, and diesel for vehicles was not included in the
      scope of production and operation of Kelun-Biotech as it was under the management of Kelun Research Institute.
8
      Due to changes in statistical standards, the packaging material consumption in 2023 has been revised to 23.70 tons.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024           163
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Category      Indicator                                                               Unit     2023        2024

 Performance statistics at social level
 Employees        By type of employment         Full-time                                 Person    1,415        1,837
                                                Part-time                                 Person       62               0
                                                Outsourcing                               Person       24           25
                  By gender                     Male                                      Person      563          805
                  (Full-time employees)         Female                                    Person      852        1,032
                  By age                        30 years old or younger                   Person      701          804
                  (Full-time employees)         31 to 49 years old                        Person      679          997
                                                50 years of age or older                  Person       35           36
                  By region                     Sichuan Province                          Person    1,104        1,154
                  (Full-time employees)         Other provinces and cities in China (other Person     307          679
                                                than Sichuan Province)
                                                Overseas                                  Person           4            4
 Employee         By gender                     Male                                      %         16.22         8.47
 turnover rate9   (Full-time employees)         Female                                    %         15.06         8.44
                  By age                        30 years old or younger                   %         16.86         8.96
                  (Full-time employees)         31 to 49 years old                        %         14.48         7.53
                                                50 years of age or older                  %          8.82        23.53
                  By region                     Sichuan Province                          %          15.1         8.06
                  (Full-time employees)         Other provinces and cities in China (other %         16.9         9.12
                                                than Sichuan Province)
                                                Overseas                                  %                0            0
 Employee         Number of deaths due to work in 2022                                    Person           0            0
 health           Number of deaths due to work in 2023                                    Person           0            0
 and safety
                  Number of deaths due to work in 2024                                    Person           0            0
                  Percentage of deaths due to work in 2022                                %                0            0
                  Percentage of deaths due to work in 2023                                %                0            0
                  Percentage of deaths due to work in 2024                                %                0            0
                  Number of working days lost due to work injury                          Day              0        93




 9
       Turnover rate = Number of resigned employees under each category/Total number of employees under each category
       *100%


164       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Category      Indicator                                                            Unit              2023            2024

Proportion of    All employees                                                         %                     100             100
employees        By gender                    Male                                     %                     100             100
trained
                                              Female                                   %                     100             100
                 By employee category         General staff                            %                     100             100
                                              Middle management                        %                     100             100
                                              Senior management                        %                     100             100
Average          All employees                                                         Hours/person        81.43            53.57
duration of      By gender                    Male                                     Hours/person        81.37            54.91
training
                                              Female                                   Hours/person        81.47            53.53
                 By employee category         General staff                            Hours/person        81.53            56.38
                                              Middle management                        Hours/person        80.31            18.89
                                              Senior management                        Hours/person        81.71            20.63
Supplier         By region                    Domestic                                 Nr.                   293             347
                                              Overseas                                 Nr.                   105              86
Products and     Percentage of products sold subject to recalls for safety and health %                          –               0
customer         reasons
service10        Number of complaints received about products and services             Case                      –               5
                 Complaint handling rate about products and services                   %                         –           100
                 Total number of violations related to health and safety, labelling and Case                     0               0
                 customer privacy of products and services provided
Intellectual     Cumulative number of patents applied                                  Nr.                   504             614
property         Cumulative number of patents authorized                               Nr.                   184             139
protection
                 Cumulative number of trademarks applied                               Nr.                   138             248
                 Cumulative number of trademarks authorized                            Nr.                   133             135
Anti-corruption Cases of embezzlement litigation closed                                Nr.                       0               0
Anti-corruption By employee category          General staff                            Attendance          2,691            1,796
training                                      Middle management                        Attendance            840             125
                                              Senior management                        Attendance             42              10




10
       Due to the lack of product launches in 2023, the three indicators, namely the percentage of products sold subject to recalls
       for safety and health reasons, the number of complaints received about products and services, and the complaint handling
       rate about products and services were not applicable.


                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024            165
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


 APPENDIX II: CONTENT INDEX OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
 GOVERNANCE REPORTING GUIDE OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG

  Aspect       Disclosure Requirements                                                                  Report Index

 A1           Emissions:                                                                                5.4. Emission
              General disclosure                                                                             Management
              Regarding emissions of waste gases and greenhouse gases, pollution
              discharge into water and land, and the generation of hazardous and non–
              hazardous wastes:
              (a)   Policy; and
              (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations having a significant
                    impact on the issuer.
              Note:   Emissions of waste gases include nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides, and other
                      pollutants regulated by national laws and regulations. Greenhouse gases include
                      carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons,
                      and sulfur hexafluoride. Hazardous waste refers to that defined by national
                      regulations.

 KPI A1.1     Types of emissions and relevant emission data.                                            5.4. Emission
                                                                                                             Management

 KPI A1.2     Direct (Scope 1) and indirect energy-related (Scope 2) greenhouse gas                     5.1. Responding to
              emission quantity (calculated in tons) and (if applicable) density (calculated                 Climate Change
              per unit of production per facility).

 KPI A1.3     The total quantity of hazardous waste generated (calculated in tons) and (if              5.4. Emission
              applicable) density (calculated per unit of production per facility).                          Management

 KPI A1.4     The total quantity of non-hazardous waste generated (calculated in tons) and              5.4. Emission
              (if applicable) density (calculated per unit of production per facility).                      Management

 KPI A1.5     Describe the emission reduction targets set and the steps taken to achieve                5.1. Responding to
              these targets.                                                                                 Climate Change
                                                                                                        5.4. Emission
                                                                                                             Management

 KPI A1.6     Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a                  5.4. Emission
              description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.                        Management

 KPI A        Describe the methods for handling hazardous and non-hazardous waste,                      5.4. Emission
              and describe the waste reduction targets set and the steps taken to achieve                    Management
              these targets.

 A2           Resource use:                                                                             5.3. Resource
              General disclosure                                                                             Management
              Policies for the effective use of resources (including energy, water, and other
              raw materials).
              Note:   Resources may be used for production, storage, transportation, buildings,
                      electronic equipment, etc.

 KPI A2.1     Total direct and/or indirect energy-related consumption quantity (calculated              5.3. Resource
              in thousands of kilowatt-hours) and density (calculated per unit of production                 Management
              per facility) (by type).




166      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



 Aspect     Disclosure Requirements                                                             Report Index

KPI A2.2   Total water consumption quantity and density (calculated per unit of                 5.3. Resource
           production per facility).                                                                 Management

KPI A2.3   Describe the energy efficiency targets set and the steps taken to achieve            5.3. Resource
           these targets.                                                                            Management

KPI A2.4   Describe any potential issues with obtaining suitable water sources, as well         5.3. Resource
           as the water efficiency targets set and the steps taken to achieve these                  Management
           targets.

KPI A2.5   The total quantity of packaging materials used for finished products                 Appendix I: ESG Key
           (calculated in tons) and (if applicable) the quantity per production unit.           Performance Table

A3         Environment and natural resources:                                                   5.3. Resource
           General disclosure                                                                        Management
           Policies to reduce the issuer’s significant impact on the environment and
           natural resources.

KPI A3.1   Describe the significant impacts of business activities on the environment and       5.3. Resource
           natural resources, and the actions taken to manage these impacts.                         Management

B1         Employment:                                                                          4.1. Diversity,
           General disclosure                                                                        Equality and
           Regarding compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working                  Inclusion
           hours, holidays, equal opportunities, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
           treatment and benefits:
           (a)    Policy; and
           (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
                  impact on the issuer.

KPI B1.1   The total number of employees by gender, employment type (such as full–              4.1. Diversity,
           time or part-time), age, and region.                                                      Equality and
                                                                                                     Inclusion

KPI B1.2   Employee turnover rates by gender, age, and region.                                  Appendix I: ESG Key
                                                                                                Performance Table




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     167
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Aspect     Disclosure Requirements                                                                    Report Index

 B2         Health and safety:                                                                          4.4. Occupational
            General disclosure                                                                               Health and
            Regarding the provision of a safe working environment and the protection of                      Safety
            employees from occupational hazards:
            (a)    Policy; and
            (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
                   impact on the issuer.

 KPI B2.1   The number and rate of fatalities due to work-related accidents in the past                 Appendix I: ESG Key
            three years (including the reporting year).                                                 Performance Table

 KPI B2.2   Number of working days lost due to work injury.                                             Appendix I: ESG Key
                                                                                                        Performance Table

 KPI B2.3   Describe the occupational health and safety measures adopted, and the                       4.4. Occupational
            related implementation and monitoring methods.                                                   Health and
                                                                                                             Safety

 B3         Development and training:                                                                   4.3. Employee
            General disclosure                                                                               Training and
            Policies on enhancing employees knowledge and skills to perform their job                        Development
            responsibilities. Describe training activities.
            Note:   Training refers to vocational training, which may include courses paid for by the
                    employer, both internal and external.

 KPI B3.1   The percentage of trained employees by gender and employee category (such                   Appendix I: ESG Key
            as senior management, middle management, etc.).                                             Performance Table

 KPI B3.2   The average number of training hours completed per employee, broken down                    Appendix I: ESG Key
            by gender and employee category.                                                            Performance Table

 B4         Labor code:                                                                                 4.1. Diversity,
            General disclosure                                                                               Equality and
            Regarding the prevention of child labor or forced labor:                                         Inclusion
            (a)   Policy; and
            (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
                  impact on the issuer.

 KPI B4.1   Describe measures to review recruitment practices to avoid child labor and                  4.1. Diversity,
            forced labor.                                                                                    Equality and
                                                                                                             Inclusion

 KPI B4.2   Describe the steps taken to eliminate the situation when violations are                     4.1. Diversity,
            discovered.                                                                                      Equality and
                                                                                                             Inclusion




168    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



 Aspect     Disclosure Requirements                                                           Report Index

B5         Supply chain management:                                                           2.3. Supply Chain
           General disclosure                                                                      Management
           Policies for managing environmental and social risks in the supply chain.

KPI B5.1   Number of suppliers by region.                                                     2.3. Supply Chain
                                                                                                   Management

KPI B5.2   Describe the practices for hiring suppliers, the number of suppliers to whom       2.3. Supply Chain
           these practices are applied, and the related implementation and monitoring              Management
           methods.

KPI B5.3   Describe the practices for identifying environmental and social risks at each      2.3. Supply Chain
           stage of the supply chain, and the related implementation and monitoring                Management
           methods.

KPI B5.4   Describe the practices for encouraging the use of environmentally                  2.3. Supply Chain
           friendly products and services when selecting suppliers, and the related                Management
           implementation and monitoring methods.

B6         Product responsibility:                                                            2.2. Quality
           Regarding the health and safety of the products and services provided,                  Responsibility
           advertising, labeling and privacy issues, and remedial measures:
           (a)    Policy; and
           (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
                  impact on the issuer.

KPI B6.1   The percentage of total sold or delivered products that need to be recalled        Appendix I: ESG Key
           for safety and health reasons.                                                     Performance Table

KPI B6.2   The number of complaints received about products and services and the              2.2. Quality
           response methods.                                                                       Responsibility

KPI B6.3   Describe the practices related to maintaining and protecting intellectual          1.1. Compliance and
           property rights.                                                                        Business Ethics

KPI B6.4   Describe the quality verification process and product recovery procedure.          2.2. Quality
                                                                                                   Responsibility

KPI B6.5   Describe the consumer data protection and privacy policies, and the related        1.3. Information
           implementation and monitoring methods.                                                  Security
                                                                                                   and Privacy
                                                                                                   Protection




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       169
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Aspect     Disclosure Requirements                                                       Report Index

 B7         Anti-corruption:                                                               1.1. Compliance and
            General disclosure                                                                  Business Ethics
            Regarding the prevention of bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering:
            (a)    Policy; and
            (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
                   impact on the issuer.

 KPI B7.1   The number and outcomes of corruption lawsuits filed and concluded against     1.1. Compliance and
            the issuer or its employees during the reporting period.                            Business Ethics

 KPI B7.2   Describe the preventive measures and reporting procedures, and the related     1.1. Compliance and
            implementation and monitoring methods.                                              Business Ethics

 KPI B7.3   Describe the anti-corruption training provided to directors and employees.     1.1. Compliance and
                                                                                                Business Ethics

 B8         Community investment:                                                          3.3. Participation
            Policies related to engaging with the community to understand the needs of          in Social
            the communities where operations are located and to ensure that business            Co-construction
            activities consider community interests.

 KPI B8.1   Focused areas of contribution (such as education, environmental matters,       3.2. Facilitating
            labor needs, health, culture, sports).                                              Inclusive
                                                                                                Healthcare
                                                                                           3.3. Participation
                                                                                                in Social
                                                                                                Co-construction

 KPI B8.2   Resources utilized in the focus areas (such as money or time).                 3.3. Participation
                                                                                                in Social
                                                                                                Co-construction




170    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


APPENDIX III: GLOSSARY OF PROFESSIONAL TERMS

 Abbreviation    Definition

AACR            American Association for Cancer Research

ADC             Antibody-Drug Conjugates

ASCO            American Society of Clinical Oncology

BBS             Behavior-Based Safety

BC              Breast Cancer

CAPA            Corrective Action and Preventive Action

CC              Cervical Cancer

CIP             Clean In Place

COD             Chemical Oxygen Demand

CQA             Critical Quality Attribute

CRC             Colorectal Cancer

CSCO            Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology

EC              Endometrial Cancer

EHS             Environment, Health, and Safety

ESG             Environmental, Social, and Governance

ESMO            European Society for Medical Oncology

FDA             Food and Drug Administration

FSC             Forest Stewardship Council

GC              Gastric Cancer

GCP             Good Clinical Practice

GI              Gastrointestinal

GMP             Good Manufacturing Practice

GxP             Good “x” Practice

IACUC           Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee




                                                              Annual Report 2024   171
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



  Abbreviation       Definition

 ICH                The International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals
                    for Human Use

 IECQ               International Electrotechnical Commission Quality Assessment System for Electronic
                    Components

 IVC                Individual Ventilated Cage

 JHA                Job Hazard Analysis

 LEC                Likelihood, Exposure, Consequence

 LED                Light Emitting Diode

 LIMS               Laboratory Information Management System

 NDA                New Drug Application

 NMPA               National Medical Products Administration

 NPC                Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma

 NSCLC              Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer

 OC                 Ovarian Cancer

 OEB                Occupational Exposure Band

 OEL                Occupational Exposure Limit

 QC                 Quality Control

 QTPP               Quality Target Product Profile

 SAE                Serious Adverse Event

 TROP2              Trophoblast Cell Surface Antigen 2

 WWF                World Wildlife Fund




172     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of 四 川 科 倫 博 泰 生 物 醫 藥 股 份 有 限 公 司 (Sichuan
Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd., the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) set out
on pages 178 to 240, which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2024,
the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year
then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at December 31, 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International
Accounting Standard Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements in the People’s Republic of China, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     173
 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




 KEY AUDIT MATTER

 Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
 consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our audit of
 the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
 separate opinion on this matter.


  Recognition and measurement of research and development expenses
  Refer to note 5(c) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 208.
  The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit
  The Group incurred research and development (“R&D”)      Our audit procedures to assess the recognition and
  expenses of RMB1,206,134,000 for R&D activities for      measurement of R&D expenses included the following:
  the year ended December 31, 2024, mainly consisting
  of staff costs, trial and testing expenses and raw       •      Obtaining an understanding of and testing the
  materials.                                                      design and implementation and the operating
                                                                  effectiveness of the key internal controls
  We identified the recognition and measurement of                related to the Group’s R&D recognition and
  R&D expenses as a key audit matter because of                   measurement process;
  the significant amount incurred during the year and
  the inherent risk of R&D expenses not accurately         •      Evaluating the allocation and accrual of R&D
  recognized in the appropriate financial reporting               related staff costs to the relevant R&D projects
  period.                                                         by checking to the labour contracts of relevant
                                                                  staffs, monthly payroll list and working time
                                                                  records maintained by the R&D department on
                                                                  a sample basis;


                                                           •      Inspecting contract application form, key terms
                                                                  set out in the R&D related trial and testing
                                                                  contracts and the completion status reports
                                                                  from the service providers, on a sample basis,
                                                                  to assess whether trial and testing expenses
                                                                  were recorded based on the respective
                                                                  contract terms or completion status and
                                                                  whether these expenses were allocated to the
                                                                  R&D projects appropriately;


                                                           •      Obtaining external confirmations from trial
                                                                  and testing expense suppliers, on a sample
                                                                  basis, to confirm the trial and testing expenses
                                                                  incurred for the year ended December 31,
                                                                  2024; F o r t h e u n r e t u r n e d c o n f i r m a t i o n s ,
                                                                  comparing the trial and testing expenses
                                                                  recorded for the year to the R&D related trial
                                                                  and testing contracts and the completion
                                                                  status reports from the service providers;


174    SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




 Recognition and measurement of research and development expenses
 Refer to note 5(c) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 208.
 The Key Audit Matter                                       How the matter was addressed in our audit
                                                            •      Inspecting, on a sample basis, raw materials
                                                                   delivery notes, invoices, materials application
                                                                   forms to assess whether these costs were
                                                                   recorded accurately and allocated to the
                                                                   relevant R&D projects appropriately; and


                                                            •      Evaluating whether the R&D expenses were
                                                                   included in the appropriate period by comparing
                                                                   R&D expenses recorded before and after the
                                                                   balance sheet date, on a sample basis, to
                                                                   relevant underlying documents such as materials
                                                                   application forms, invoices and completion
                                                                   status reports from the service providers.


INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information
included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024    175
 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




 RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS

 The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
 view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the
 Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
 the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
 fraud or error.


 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
 to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
 concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
 have no realistic alternative but to do so.


 The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
 financial reporting process.


 AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS

 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
 whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
 includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong
 Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
 liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


 Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
 with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
 and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
 economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


 As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
 scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


 •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
        due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
        evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
        material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
        collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


 •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
        are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
        of the Group’s internal control.




176     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
       and related disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
       that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
       that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
       disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
       opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
       However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
       the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
       and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
       information of the entities or business units activities within the group as a basis for forming to express an
       opinion on the group consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
       and review performance of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely
       responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Frankie C.Y. Lai.


KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
March 24, 2025



                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     177
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
 for the year ended December 31, 2024
 (Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”))




                                                                Note           2024          2023
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

 Revenue                                                          3       1,933,045     1,540,493
 Cost of sales                                                             (659,388)     (781,308)
 Gross profit                                                             1,273,657       759,185
 Other net income                                                 4         139,755        89,809
 Selling and distribution expenses                                         (182,717)       (19,534)
 Administrative expenses                                                   (163,310)     (181,877)
 Research and development expenses                                        (1,206,134)   (1,030,966)
 Loss from operations                                                      (138,749)     (383,383)
 Finance costs                                                   5(a)         (3,796)      (84,309)
 Loss before taxation                                             5        (142,545)     (467,692)
 Income tax                                                      6(a)      (124,221)     (106,442)
 Loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders of
      the Company                                                          (266,766)     (574,134)

 Loss per share                                                  10
 Basic and diluted                                                             (1.20)        (2.84)




 The notes on pages 185 to 240 form part of these financial statements.


178      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                         for the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                            (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                 Note         2024                   2023
                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

Loss for the year                                                        (266,766)               (574,134)
Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax)               9
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
  overseas subsidiaries                                                      3,537                   4,793
Other comprehensive income for the year                                      3,537                   4,793

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
   equity shareholders of the Company                                    (263,229)               (569,341)




The notes on pages 185 to 240 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         179
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
 (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                           As at December 31,
                                                                  Note        2024               2023
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                     11      594,822          607,783
 Right-of-use assets                                               12      163,283              84,950
 Intangible assets                                                           2,579               1,336
 Other non-current assets                                          15       14,512               8,199
                                                                           775,196          702,268
 Current assets
 Inventories                                                       16      110,506              63,032
 Trade and other receivables                                       18      303,728          214,761
 Amounts due from related parties                                 28(d)      2,921               1,352
 Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
      (“FVPL”)                                                    14(a)   1,448,319         633,705
 Financial assets measured at amortized cost                      14(b)    283,979          325,870
 Restricted deposits                                              19(a)      6,850              39,993
 Cash and cash equivalents                                        19(a)   1,336,503        1,528,774
                                                                          3,492,806        2,807,487
 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                          20      446,832          523,477
 Amounts due to related parties                                   28(d)      8,792              21,429
 Contract liabilities                                              17      312,375          510,692
 Lease liabilities                                                 21       41,842              54,406
                                                                           809,841         1,110,004

 Net current assets                                                       2,682,965        1,697,483

 Total assets less current liabilities                                    3,458,161        2,399,751




 The notes on pages 185 to 240 form part of these financial statements.


180       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                  As at December 31,
                                                               Note                  2024                 2023
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                               21                 84,905                5,513
Deferred income                                                 22                 64,595               64,741
                                                                                  149,500               70,254

NET ASSETS                                                                       3,308,661          2,329,497

CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital                                                  25(c)              227,268             219,196
Reserves                                                                         3,081,393          2,110,301
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                     3,308,661          2,329,497


Approved and authorized for issue by board of directors on March 24, 2025.



Ge Junyou                                              Zhou Zejian
Executive Director                                     Chief Financial Officer




The notes on pages 185 to 240 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       181
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
 for the year ended December 31, 2024
 (Expressed in RMB)




                                                       Share        Capital    Exchange    Accumulated
                                             Note      capital     reserves     reserves        losses         Total
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

 Balance at January 1, 2023                          107,370       147,877          749     (3,482,182)   (3,226,186)

 Changes in equity for 2023
 Loss for the year                                          –             –           –       (574,134)    (574,134)
 Exchange differences on translation of
      financial statements of an overseas
      subsidiary                                            –             –       4,793              –        4,793
 Total comprehensive income                                 –             –       4,793       (574,134)    (569,341)
 Issuance of new shares                      25(c)    59,937     2,598,744            –              –    2,658,681
 Issuance of ordinary shares by initial
      public offering and over-allotment,
      net of issuing costs                   25(c)    25,813     1,336,861            –              –    1,362,674
 Issuance of shares with preferential
      rights to investors                             26,076     1,297,399            –              –    1,323,475
 Recognition of financial liabilities
      recognized for preferential rights
      issued to investors                                   –    (1,323,475)          –              –    (1,323,475)
 Reclassification of financial liabilities
      recognized for preferential rights
      issued to investors to equity                         –    1,980,323            –              –    1,980,323
 Equity-settled share-based payment          23(b)          –      123,346            –              –      123,346
 Balance at December 31, 2023                        219,196     6,161,075        5,542     (4,056,316)   2,329,497




 The notes on pages 185 to 240 form part of these financial statements.


182       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                for the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                   (Expressed in RMB)




                                                   Share      Capital    Exchange   Accumulated
                                         Note     capital   reserves     reserves          losses            Total
                                                 RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

Balance at January 1, 2024                        219,196   6,161,075       5,542      (4,056,316)      2,329,497

Changes in equity for 2024
Loss for the year                                       –           –           –        (266,766)       (266,766)
Exchange differences on translation of
   financial statements of an overseas
   subsidiary                                           –           –       3,537                –          3,537
Total comprehensive income                              –           –       3,537        (266,766)       (263,229)
Issuance of new shares                   25(c)      8,072   1,086,036           –                –      1,094,108
Equity-settled share-based payment       23(b)          –    148,285            –                –        148,285
Balance at December 31, 2024                      227,268   7,395,396       9,079      (4,323,082)      3,308,661




The notes on pages 185 to 240 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          183
 CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
 for the year ended December 31, 2024
 (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                Note           2024          2023
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

 Operating activities
 Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities         19(b)      (429,770)       59,559
 Investing activities
 Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                   (77,460)      (80,982)
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                          30             5
 Payment for intangible assets                                                (3,659)       (1,268)
 Payment for investment in financial assets measured at FVPL    26(e)     (3,210,000)   (2,060,000)
 Proceeds from redemption of financial assets measured
      at FVPL                                                   26(e)     2,416,933     1,436,828
 Payment for investment in financial assets measured
      at amortized cost                                                    (103,102)     (320,000)
 Proceeds from disposals of financial assets measured at
      amortized cost                                                        155,253              –
 Net cash used in investing activities                                     (822,005)    (1,025,417)
 Financing activities
 Repayment of bank loans                                        19(c)              –     (100,000)
 Repayment of other borrowings from Sichuan Kelun
      Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd. (“Kelun Pharmaceutical”)          28(c)              –     (294,040)
 Proceeds from issuance of new shares                           25(c)     1,094,108       158,681
 Proceeds from issuance of shares with preferential rights                         –    1,323,475
 Issuance of ordinary shares by initial public offering and
      over-allotment, net of issuing costs                                         –    1,370,939
 Interest paid                                                  19(c)              –          (563)
 Capital element of lease rentals paid                          19(c)        (54,601)      (66,762)
 Interest element of lease rentals paid                         19(c)         (2,288)       (9,449)
 Net cash generated from financing activities                             1,037,219     2,382,281

 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                      (214,556)    1,416,423
 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                         19(a)     1,528,774        92,960
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     22,285        19,391
 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31                       19(a)     1,336,503     1,528,774




 The notes on pages 185 to 240 form part of these financial statements.


184       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable IFRS Accounting
          Standards, which collective term includes all applicable individual International Financial Reporting
          Standards, International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and Interpretations issued by the
          International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
          Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure
          provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
          Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”). Material accounting policies adopted by the Company and its
          subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) are disclosed below.


          The IASB has issued certain amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective
          or available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides
          information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these
          developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period
          reflected in these financial statements.


    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 comprise the Group.


          Items included in these consolidated financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured
          using the currency that best reflects the economic substance of the underlying events and
          circumstances relevant to the entity (“functional currency”).


          RMB, the United States dollars (“USD”) and Hong Kong dollars (“HKD”) are the functional currencies
          for the Company and Company’s subsidiaries established in Mainland China, the United States and
          Hong Kong.


          The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, rounded to nearest thousands, which
          is the presentation currency.


          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost
          basis except that financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss are stated at fair value
          as explained in note 1(e).


          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires
          management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies
          and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated
          assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be
          reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements
          about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
          Actual results may differ from these estimates.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       185
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

        (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)

                The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
                accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
                affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
                current and future periods.


                Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have
                significant effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are
                discussed in note 2.


        (c)     Changes in accounting policies

                The IASB has issued the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective
                for the current accounting period of the Group:


                •       Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements – Classification of liabilities as
                        current or non-current (“2020 amendments”) and amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of
                        financial statements – Non-current liabilities with covenants (“2022 amendments”)


                •       Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases – Lease liability in a sale and leaseback


                •       Amendments to IAS 7, Statement of cash flows and IFRS 7, Financial instruments:
                        disclosures – Supplier finance arrangements


                None of these amendments had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position
                for the current or prior year have been prepared or presented. The Group has not applied any new
                standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.


        (d)     Subsidiaries

                Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed,
                or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
                those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included
                in the consolidated financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date
                on which control ceases.


                Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses (except for
                foreign currency transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated.
                Unrealized losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as
                unrealized gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.


                In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                impairment losses (see note 1(i)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal
                group that is classified as held for sale).



186     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    (e)   Other investments in securities

          The Group’s policies for investments in securities, other than investments in subsidiaries, associates
          and joint ventures, are set out below.


          Investments in securities are recognized/derecognized on the date the Group commits to purchase/
          sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable
          transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
          for which transaction costs are recognized directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how
          the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see note 26(e). These investments are
          subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.


          (i)    Non-equity investments

                 Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:


                 –      amortized cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                        which represent solely payments of principal and interest. Expected credit losses,
                        interest income calculated using the effective interest method (see note 1(s)(ii)),
                        foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on
                        derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.


                 –      fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) – recycling, if the contractual
                        cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and
                        the investment is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
                        the collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Expected credit losses, interest
                        income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains
                        and losses are recognized in profit or loss and computed in the same manner as if the
                        financial asset was measured at amortized cost. The difference between the fair value
                        and the amortized cost is recognized in other comprehensive income (OCI). When the
                        investment is derecognized, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income
                        is recycled from equity to profit or loss.


                 –      fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) if the investment does not meet the criteria for
                        being measured at amortized cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of
                        the investment (including interest) are recognized in profit or loss.


          (ii)   Equity investments

                 An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL, unless the equity investment is not
                 held for trading purposes and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election
                 to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair
                 value are recognized in OCI.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       187
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

        (e)     Other investments in securities (continued)

                (ii)    Equity investments (continued)

                        Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the
                        investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. If such election is made
                        for a particular investment, at the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value
                        reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings and not recycled through profit or loss.
                        Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or
                        FVOCI, are recognized in profit or loss as other income (see note 1(s)(iv)).


        (f)     Property, plant and equipment

                Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, which includes capitalized borrowing costs, less
                accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)).


                If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they
                are accounted for as separate items (major components).


                Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in profit or
                loss. Any related revaluation surplus is transferred from the revaluation reserve to retained profits
                and is not reclassified to profit or loss.


                Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their
                estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and
                is generally recognized in profit or loss.


                The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:


                – Buildings                                          25 years
                – Machinery and equipment                            10 years
                – Furniture, fixtures and others                     3 – 5 years
                – Vehicles                                           5 – 8 years
                – Leasehold improvements                             3 years


                Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if
                appropriate.


                Construction in progress is stated at cost less impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)). Cost comprises
                the purchase costs of the asset and the related construction and installation costs.


                Construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when the asset is
                substantially ready for its intended use and depreciation will be provided at the appropriate rates in
                accordance with the depreciation polices specified above.


                No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.

188     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    (g)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

          Expenditure on research activities is recognized in profit or loss as incurred. Development expenditure
          is capitalized only if the expenditure can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically
          and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable and the Group intends to and
          has sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise,
          it is recognized in profit or loss as incurred. Capitalized development expenditure is subsequently
          measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses.


          Other intangible assets, including software, that are acquired by the Group and have finite useful
          lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses
          (see note 1(i)(ii)).


          Expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognized in profit or loss as incurred.


          Amortization is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual
          values using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally
          recognized in profit or loss.


          The estimate useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:


          – Software                                        2 years


          Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if
          appropriate.


    (h)   Leased assets

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is
          the case if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
          in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct
          the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.


          As a lessee

          Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has
          elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any
          associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.


          At the lease commencement date, the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
          except for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items
          such as laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value
          item, the Group decides whether to capitalize the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalized,
          the associated lease payments are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the lease
          term.



                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       189
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

        (h)     Leased assets (continued)

                As a lessee (continued)

                Where the lease is capitalized, the lease liability is initially recognized at the present value of the
                lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease
                or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial
                recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortized cost and interest expense is recognized
                using the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or
                rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and are charged to profit or loss as
                incurred.


                The right-of-use asset recognized when a lease is capitalized is initially measured at cost, which
                comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before
                the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle
                and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located,
                less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less
                accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 1(i)(ii)).


                The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to
                be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
                will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in
                this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
                recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.


                The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in
                the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease
                contract, if such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability
                is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at
                the effective date of the modification.


                In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                months after the reporting period.


        (i)     Credit losses and impairment of assets

                (i)     Credit losses from financial instruments

                        The Group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”s) on:


                        –       financial assets measured at amortized cost (including cash and cash equivalents,
                                trade receivables and other receivables);




190     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)

                Measurement of ECLs

                ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are
                measured as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and
                expected amounts.


                The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is material:


                –      fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective
                       interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;


                –      variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.


                The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period
                over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.


                ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:


                –      12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that
                       are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the
                       expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months); and


                –      lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the
                       expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.


                The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the
                following, which are measured at 12-months ECLs:


                –      financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date;
                       and


                –      other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over
                       the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial
                       recognition.


                Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an
                amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       191
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
        (i)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

                (i)     Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)

                        Significant increases in credit risk

                        When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly
                        since initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and
                        supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This
                        includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s
                        historical experience and informed credit assessment, that includes forward-looking
                        information.


                        The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is
                        more than 30 days past due.


                        The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:


                        –       the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse
                                by the Group to actions such as realizing security (if any is held); or


                        –       the financial asset is 90 days past due.


                        ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s
                        credit risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognized as an
                        impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss for
                        all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a
                        loss allowance account, except for investments in non-equity securities that are measured at
                        FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss allowance is recognized in OCI and accumulated in the
                        fair value reserve (recycling) does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the
                        statement of financial position (see note 1(e)(i)).


                        Credit-impaired financial assets

                        At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A
                        financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                        the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.




192     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

          (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)

                 Credit-impaired financial assets (continued)

                 Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:


                 –      significant financial difficulties of the debtor;


                 –      a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;


                 –      the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would
                        not consider otherwise;


                 –      it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization; or


                 –      the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of
                        the issuer.


                 Write-off policy

                 The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written
                 off to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case
                 when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that
                 could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.


                 Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a
                 reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.


          (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                 At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets
                 (other than inventories and other contact costs) to determine whether there is any indication
                 of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.


                 For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that
                 generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows
                 of other assets or cash-generating units (“CGU”s).


                 The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value
                 less costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted
                 to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
                 of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       193
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
        (i)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

                (ii)    Impairment of other non-current assets (continued)

                        An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its
                        recoverable amount.


                        Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the
                        carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying
                        amounts of the other assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.


                        An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment
                        loss is reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the
                        carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no
                        impairment loss had been recognized.


        (j)     Inventories and other contract costs

                (i)     Inventories

                        Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value as follows:


                        Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of
                        purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their
                        present location and condition.


                        Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                        estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


                (ii)    Other contract costs

                        Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer
                        or the costs to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalized as inventory (see
                        note 1(j)(i)), property, plant and equipment (see note 1(f)) or intangible assets (see note 1(g)).


                        Incremental costs of obtaining a contract, e.g. sales commissions, are capitalized if the costs
                        relate to revenue which will be recognized in a future reporting period and the costs are
                        expected to be recovered. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.


                        Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalized if the costs relate directly to an existing contract
                        or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that
                        will be used to provide goods or services in the future; and are expected to be recovered.
                        Otherwise, costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalized as inventory, property, plant
                        and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.


                        Capitalized contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment
                        losses. Amortization of capitalized contract costs is recognized in profit or loss when the
                        revenue to which the asset relates is recognized (see note 1(s)(i)).



194     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    (k)   Contract assets and contract liabilities

          A contract asset is recognized when the Group recognizes revenue (see note 1(q)(i)) before being
          unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the terms in the contract. Contract assets
          are assessed for ECLs (see note 1(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the
          consideration becomes unconditional (see note 1(l)).


          A contract liability is recognized when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before
          the Group recognizes the related revenue (see note 1(q)(i)). A contract liability is also recognized
          if the Group has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group
          recognizes the related revenue. In such latter cases, a corresponding receivable is also recognized
          (see note 1(l)).


          When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest
          accrued under the effective interest method (see note 1(s)(ii)).


    (l)   Trade and other receivables

          A receivable is recognized when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and
          only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.


          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured
          at their transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and
          other receivables are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are
          subsequently stated at amortized cost (see note 1(i)(i)).


          Prepayments of the Group represent upfront cash payments made to contract research
          organizations (“CROs”), hospitals and suppliers for equipment.


          Prepayments to CROs and hospitals, which are organizations that provide support to the
          pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries in the form of research services
          outsourced on a contract basis, will be subsequently recorded as research and development
          expenses in accordance with the applicable performance requirements within one year or less and
          therefore are all classified as current assets.


          Prepayments for equipment which are due for transfer to property, plant and equipment and
          therefore are classified as non-current assets.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       195
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

        (m)     Cash and cash equivalents

                Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and
                other financial institutions, property pre-sale proceeds held by solicitors that are held for meeting
                short-term cash commitments, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily
                convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes
                in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are
                assessed for ECLs (see note 1(i)(i)).


        (n)     Trade and other payables

                Trade and other payables are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                trade and other payables are stated at amortized cost unless the effect of discounting would be
                immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.


        (o)     Shares issued

                Shares issued are classified as equity if they bear discretionary dividends, do not contain any
                obligations to deliver cash or other financial assets and do not require settlement in a variable
                number of the Group’s equity instruments. Discretionary dividends thereon are recognized as equity
                distributions on approval by the Company’s shareholders.


                A financial liability is recognized if the Group has the obligation to redeem any equity instruments
                issued on a specific date or at the option of the shareholders (including the options that are only
                exercisable in case of occurrence of certain contingent triggering events). The liability is recognized
                and measured at the present value of the exercise price.


        (p)     Interest-bearing borrowings

                Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently,
                these borrowings are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense
                is recognized in accordance with note 1(v).


        (q)     Employee benefits

                (i)     Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

                        Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability
                        is recognized for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or
                        constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the
                        employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.


                        Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as related
                        service is provided.




196     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    (q)   Employee benefits (continued)

          (ii)    Share-based payments

                  For those shares granted before the initial public offering (“IPO”), the fair value of shares at
                  grant date is measured with reference to the price per share in the latest equity financing
                  transaction, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share-based
                  payment awards were granted. For those shares granted after the IPO, the fair value of
                  shares at grant date is measured with reference to the closing share marketing price of that
                  day. The amount is generally recognized as an expense, with a corresponding increase
                  in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognized as an expense
                  is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service conditions are
                  expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognized is based on the number of
                  awards that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.


          (iii)   Termination benefits

                  Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw
                  the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognizes costs for a restructuring.


    (r)   Income tax

          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognized in profit or loss except
          to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognized directly in equity or in
          OCI.


          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for
          the year and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The
          amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be
          paid or received that reflects any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates
          enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising
          from dividends.


          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.


          Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
          assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
          Deferred tax is not recognized for:


          –       temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is
                  not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and
                  does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       197
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

        (r)     Income tax (continued)

                –       temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture
                        to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary
                        differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;


                –       taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and


                –       those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                        to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organization for Economic
                        Co-operation and Development.


                The Group recognized deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its
                lease liabilities and right-of-use assets.


                Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible
                temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
                against which they can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of
                relevant taxable temporary differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient
                to recognize a deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing
                temporary differences, are considered, based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the
                Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it
                is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized; such reductions are reversed when
                the probability of future taxable profits improves.


                Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.


        (s)     Revenue and other income

                Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods or the provision
                of services.




198     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
    (s)   Revenue and other income (continued)

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:


          (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers

                (a)    Revenue from license and collaboration agreements

                       The Group grants licenses of its intellectual property (the “License”) to its customers.
                       The consideration for the License comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment)
                       and variable elements (including but not limited to development milestones and
                       sales-based royalties). The upfront fees are recognized as revenue when customers
                       obtain rights to access the technology. Development milestone payments are included
                       in the transaction price and recognized as revenue throughout the license period
                       when it is highly probable that there will not be a subsequent reversal of a significant
                       amount of revenue. Sales-based royalties are not included in the transaction price
                       until customers make the sales.


                (b)    Revenue from provision of research and development services

                       Research and development services are comprised of performance obligations which
                       are capable of being distinct. Accordingly, the transaction price is allocated based on
                       the relative stand-alone selling prices of the services.


                       For the research and development services that i) the customer simultaneously
                       receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
                       Group performs; ii) the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the
                       customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced; or iii) the Group’s performance
                       does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
                       an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date, the Group
                       concluded that such services can be identified as a performance obligation satisfied
                       over time. The Group use input methods to recognize revenue on the basis of the
                       Group’s inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to the total
                       expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation.


                       Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customers accept and
                       can benefit from such service.


                (c)    Revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products

                       For the sale of pharmaceutical products, revenue is recognized at the point in time when
                       control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods have been delivered to
                       the customer’s specific location. Transportation and handling activities that occur before
                       customers obtain control are considered as fulfilment activities. A receivable is recognized
                       by the Group when the goods are delivered to the customer. The normal credit term is 60
                       days upon delivery. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63
                       of IFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing
                       component as the period of financing is 12 months or less.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       199
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

        (s)     Revenue and other income (continued)

                (i)     Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

                        (c)     Revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products (continued)

                                The Group offers retrospective volume rebates to certain major customers when
                                certain criteria has been reached and offers rights of return upon customer
                                acceptance occasionally. Such rights of return and volume rebates give rise to variable
                                consideration. The Group uses an expected value approach to estimate variable
                                consideration based on the Group’s current and future performance expectations
                                and all information that is reasonably available. This estimated amount is included in
                                the transaction price to the extent it is highly probable that a significant reversal of
                                cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the
                                variable consideration is resolved. At the time of sale of pharmaceutical products, the
                                Group recognizes revenue after taking into account adjustment to transaction price
                                arising from returns and rebates as mentioned above.


                (ii)    Interest income

                        Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method. The “effective interest
                        rate” is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected
                        life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. In calculating
                        interest income, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the
                        asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired). However, for financial assets that have become
                        credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying
                        the effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer
                        credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.


                (iii)   Government grants

                        Government grants are recognized in the statement of financial position initially when there
                        is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the
                        conditions attaching to them.


                        Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognized as income in profit
                        or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.


                        Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying
                        amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognized in profit or loss over the
                        useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.


                (iv)    Dividends

                        Dividend income is recognized in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right to
                        receive payment is established.




200     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    (t)   Translation of foreign currencies

          Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of Group
          companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.


          Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional
          currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that
          are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the
          exchange rate when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are
          measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the
          date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are generally recognized in profit or loss.


          However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the following items are
          recognized in OCI:


          –       an investment in equity securities designated as at FVOCI (except on impairment, in which
                  case foreign currency differences that have been recognized in OCI are reclassified to profit
                  or loss).


          The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at
          the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the
          exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.


          Foreign currency differences are recognized in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve,
          except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.


          When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant
          influence or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that
          foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal
          of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences
          relating to that foreign operation that have been attributed to the NCI shall be derecognized, but
          shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If the Group disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary
          but retains control, then the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI.
          When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or joint venture while retaining significant
          influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or
          loss.


    (u)   Research and development expenses

          Research and development expenses comprise all expenses that are directly attributable to research
          and development activities or that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such activities.
          Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
          Expenditure on development activities is capitalized if the process is technically and commercially
          feasible and the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete development.



                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       201
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 1      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

        (v)     Borrowing costs

                Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an
                asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale
                are capitalized as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in
                which they are incurred.


        (w)     Related parties

                (a)     A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:


                        (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


                        (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


                        (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.


                (b)     An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


                        (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each
                                 parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


                        (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                                 venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).


                        (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


                        (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                                 third entity.


                        (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                                 Group or an entity related to the Group.


                        (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


                        (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                                 the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                        (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                                 personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.


                Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




202     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

    (x)    Segment reporting

           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements,
           are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
           management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the
           Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.


           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless
           the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of
           products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the
           methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
           environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
           share a majority of these criteria.


2   ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

    Judgments and estimations used in preparation of the financial statements are continually evaluated and
    are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are
    believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


    Note 26 contains information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to financial instruments.
    Other key sources of significant estimation uncertainty are as follows:


    (a)    Research and development expenses

           Development expenses incurred on the Group’s pipelines are capitalized and deferred only when the
           Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
           available for use or sale, the Group’s intention to complete and the Group’s ability to use or sell the
           asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete
           the pipeline and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development.


           Development expenses which do not meet these criteria are expensed when incurred. Management
           will assess the progress of each of the research and development projects and determine the criteria
           met for capitalization. During the reporting period, the Group’s development expenditures incurred
           did not meet these capitalization principles for any products and were expensed as incurred.


    (b)    Recognition of deferred tax assets

           Deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses carried forward and deductible temporary differences
           are recognized and measured based on the expected manner of realization or settlement of the
           carrying amount of the relevant assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively
           enacted at the end of each reporting date. In determining the carrying amounts of deferred tax
           assets, expected taxable profits are estimated which involves a number of assumptions relating to
           the operating environment of the Group and require a significant level of judgement exercised by
           the directors. Any change in such assumptions and judgement would affect the carrying amounts of
           deferred tax assets to be recognized and hence the net profit in future years.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       203
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 2      ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)

        (c)     Depreciation

                Property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
                lives of the assets, after taking into account the estimated residual values. The Group reviews
                the estimated useful lives of the assets regularly in order to determine the amount of depreciation
                expenses to be recorded during the reporting period. The useful lives are based on the Group’s
                historical experience with similar assets and taking into account anticipated technological changes.
                The depreciation expenses for future periods are adjusted if there are significant changes from
                previous estimates.


 3      REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

        (a)     Revenue

                The principal activities of the Group are the research and development, manufacturing and
                commercialization of novel drugs in oncology, immunology and other therapeutic areas.


                (i)     Disaggregation of revenue

                        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major service lines is as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

                        Revenue from contracts with customers within the
                            scope of IFRS 15
                        Revenue from license and collaboration agreements              1,863,071        1,531,699
                        Revenue from provision of research and
                            development service                                           18,276             8,794
                        Revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products                     51,698                  –
                                                                                       1,933,045        1,540,493


                        Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue
                        recognition is as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2024         2023
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000
                        Disaggregated by timing of revenue recognition
                        Point in time                                                  1,107,697          814,568
                        Over time                                                        825,348          725,925
                                                                                       1,933,045        1,540,493




204     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)

    (a)   Revenue (continued)

          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue (continued)

                 The Group’s customer base includes one customer with whom transactions have exceeded
                 10% of the Group’s revenues. In 2024, revenues from this customer amounted to
                 approximately RMB1,840,391,000 (2023: RMB1,528,222,000). Details of concentrations of
                 credit risk arising from this customer is set out in note 26(a).


          (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognized in the future arising from contracts with customers in
                 existence at the reporting date.

                 As at December 31, 2024, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated
                 to the remaining performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is
                 RMB1,744,036,000 (2023: RMB2,479,312,000), which is expected to occur over the next 12
                 to 45 months (2023: next 12 to 57 months).


                 The above amount does not include any amounts of milestone bonuses that the Group may
                 earn in the future by meeting the conditions set out in the Group’s existing contracts with
                 customers, unless at the reporting date it is highly probable that the Group will satisfy the
                 conditions for earning those bonuses.


    (b)   Segment reporting

          (i)    Segment information

                 The Group manages its businesses as a whole by the most senior executive management
                 for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment. The Group’s chief
                 operating decision maker is the chief executive officer of the Group who reviews the Group’s
                 consolidated results of operations in assessing performance of and making decisions about
                 allocations to this segment.


                 Accordingly, no reportable segment information is presented.


          (ii)   Geographic information

                 The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s
                 revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
                 right-of-use assets, intangible assets and other non-current assets (“specified non-current
                 assets”). The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the
                 customers are registered. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is
                 based on the physical location of the asset, in the case of property, plant and equipment,
                 right-of-use assets and the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case
                 of intangible assets and other non-current assets.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       205
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 3      REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)

        (b)       Segment reporting (continued)

                  (ii)   Geographic information (continued)

                         Revenues from external customers

                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

                         The PRC (Place of domicile)                                           92,654             7,544
                         The USA                                                            1,840,391         1,528,222
                         Other countries                                                             –            4,727
                                                                                            1,933,045         1,540,493


                         Non-current assets

                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

                         The PRC                                                              775,041           701,931
                         The USA                                                                  155               337
                                                                                              775,196           702,268


 4      OTHER NET INCOME

                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

        Interest income from bank deposits                                                     23,917            39,316
        Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost                         10,260             5,870
        Net foreign exchange gains                                                             17,791            16,085
        Government grants (note)                                                               67,102            20,578
        Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                    (146)            (1,488)
        Net realized and unrealized gain on financial assets measured
              at FVPL (note 26(e))                                                             21,547            10,533
        Others                                                                                   (716)            (1,085)
                                                                                              139,755            89,809


        Note:     The government grants mainly represent subsidies received from government authorities for the purpose
                  of compensation for expenditure arising from research activities and clinical trials, awards for new drug
                  development and capital expenditure incurred on certain projects. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
                  contingencies relating to these government grants.




206     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




5   LOSS BEFORE TAXATION

    Loss before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


    (a)    Finance costs

                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                       2,288               3,941
           Interest expenses on bills payable                                           1,508                    –
           Interest expenses on bank loans                                                   –                563
           Interest expenses on other borrowings
              from Kelun Pharmaceutical                                                      –              3,253
           Interest expenses on financial instruments issued to investors                    –            76,827
                                                                                        3,796             84,584
           Less: interest expenses capitalized into construction in progress                 –                (275)
                                                                                        3,796             84,309


    (b)    Staff costs

                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

           Salaries, wages, bonuses and other benefits                               557,754             425,828
           Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                      22,329              17,567
           Equity-settled share-based payment expenses (note 23(b))                  148,285             123,346
                                                                                     728,368             566,741


           Staff costs includes remuneration of directors, supervisors and senior management (note 7 and note
           28(a)).


           Pursuant to the relevant labour rules and regulations in the PRC, the Company and its subsidiaries
           in the PRC participate in defined contribution retirement benefit schemes (the “Schemes”)
           organized by the local government authorities whereby the Company and its subsidiaries in the
           PRC are required to make contributions to the Schemes based on certain percentages of the
           eligible employee’s salaries. The local government authorities are responsible for the entire pension
           obligations payable to the retired employees.


           The Group has no other material obligation for payment of other retirement benefits beyond the
           above contributions.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          207
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 5      LOSS BEFORE TAXATION (continued)

        (c)     Other items

                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

                Amortization cost of intangible assets                                             2,416              3,111
                Depreciation charge
                    – property, plant and equipment (note 11)                                    45,874             30,805
                    – right-of-use assets (note 12)                                              43,096             41,160
                Auditors’ remuneration
                    – audit services                                                               2,400              2,240
                    – other services                                                               1,245              4,060
                Listing expenses                                                                        –           27,346
                Research and development expenses*                                            1,206,134          1,030,966
                Cost of inventories recognized as an expense#:
                    – Cost of sales                                                              39,561             38,477
                    – Research and development expenses                                         153,856            108,740


                *       Research and development expenses includes RMB597,513,000 (2023: RMB470,509,000) relating to
                        staff costs, cost of inventories and depreciation and amortization expenses, which are also included in
                        the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or in the note 5(b) for each of these types of
                        expenses.

                #
                        Cost of inventories includes RMB27,398,000 (2023: RMB19,172,000) relating to staff costs and
                        depreciation and amortization expenses, which are also included in the respective total amounts
                        disclosed separately above or in note 5(b) for each of these types of expenses.


 6      INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

        (a)     Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

                Current tax
                Provision for the year
                    – The PRC Corporate Income Tax                                                      –                  –
                    – United States Withholding Tax                                             124,221            106,442
                                                                                                124,221            106,442




208     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




6   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
    (continued)

    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents: (continued)

          (i)         PRC Corporate Income Tax

                      Effective from January 1, 2008, the PRC statutory income tax rate is 25% under the PRC
                      Corporate Income Tax Law. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to PRC income
                      tax at 25% unless otherwise specified.


                      According to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law and its relevant regulations, entities that
                      qualified as high-technology enterprise are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%.
                      The Company obtained its certificate of high-technology enterprise on October 16, 2023 and
                      is entitled to preferential income tax of 15% from 2023 to 2025.


          (ii)        Hong Kong Profit Tax

                      The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2024 is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the
                      estimated assessable profits for the year. There were no assessable profits generating from
                      the subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong of the Group during the year ended December 31,
                      2024.


          (iii)       United States Withholding Tax

                      Pursuant to US Income Tax laws and regulations and the agreement between the
                      government of the People’s Republic of China and the USA for avoidance of double taxation
                      and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income ( 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 政
                      府 和 美 利 堅 合 眾 國 政 府 關 於 對 所 得 避 免 雙 重 徵 稅 和 防 止 偷 漏 稅 的 協 定 ), a 10% US
                      federal withholding tax is charged on royalties paid pursuant to license and collaboration
                      agreements entered between the Company and a US company.


    (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting loss at applicable tax rates

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

          Loss before taxation                                                           (142,545)          (467,692)
          Notional tax on loss before taxation, calculated at the rates
                  applicable to profits in the countries concerned                        (34,910)          (116,456)
          Effect of preferential income tax rates                                          12,807             45,505
          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                               756                 102
          Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognized                                   21,347             59,325
          Tax effect of interest expenses arising from financial instrument
                  issued to investors                                                            –            11,524
          Withholding tax                                                                 124,221            106,442
          Actual tax expense                                                              124,221            106,442



                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         209
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 7      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS

        Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies
        Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation
        are as follows:

                                                                                        Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                            Salaries,
                                                                         allowances                       Retirement
                                                           Directors’   and benefits    Discretionary        scheme     Share-based
                                                                fees          in kind        bonuses    contributions     payments       Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (Note)
        Executive Directors
        Mr. Ge Junyou ( 葛 均 友 )                                    –           5,347             960              75         18,137     24,519
        Mr. Wang Jingyi ( 王 晶 翼 )
            (resigned in June 2024)                                –           1,652             317              58               –     2,027

        Non-executive Directors
        Mr. Liu Gexin ( 劉 革 新 )                                    –               –                –               –              –         –
        Mr. Liu Sichuan ( 劉 思 川 )                                  –               –                –               –              –         –
        Mr. Lai Degui ( 賴 德 貴 ) (appointed in June 2024)           –               –                –               –          1,783     1,783
        Mr. Feng Hao ( 馮 昊 )                                       –               –                –               –          2,633     2,633
        Mr. Zeng Xuebo ( 曾 學 波 )                                   –               –                –               –              –         –
        Mr. Li Dongfang ( 李 東 方 )                                  –               –                –               –              –         –

        Independent Non-executive Directors
        Mr. Zheng Qiang ( 鄭 強 )                                  300               –                –               –              –       300
        Mr. Tu Wenwei ( 涂 文 偉 )                                  300               –                –               –              –       300
        Ms. Jin Jinping ( 金 錦 萍 )                                300               –                –               –              –       300
        Ms. Li Yuedong ( 李 越 冬 )                                 300               –                –               –              –       300

        Supervisors
        Ms. Liao Yihong ( 廖 益 虹 )                                  –               –               –               –           2,145     2,145
        Ms. Song Hongmei ( 宋 宏 梅 )                                 –           1,802             482              45             396     2,725
        Ms. Yang Qiuyan ( 楊 秋 豔 )                                  –           1,057             300               9             715     2,081
        Ms. Qing Yan ( 卿 燕 )                                       –           1,783             491              45             736     3,055
        Mr. Lai Degui ( 賴 德 貴 ) (resigned in May 2024)             –               –               –               –             850       850
        Mr. Wan Peng ( 萬 鵬 ) (resigned in May 2024)                –               –               –               –               –         –
                                                               1,200          11,641           2,550             232         27,395     43,018




210     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




7   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
                                                                               Year ended December 31, 2023
                                                                   Salaries,                     Retirement
                                               Directors’   allowances and     Discretionary        scheme      Share-based
                                                     fees   benefits in kind       bonuses     contributions      payments         Total
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Note)
    Executive Directors
    Mr. Ge Junyou ( 葛 均 友 )                            –              2,563            960               42          14,353         17,918
    Mr. Wang Jingyi ( 王 晶 翼 )                          –              2,484              –              148               –          2,632

    Non-executive Directors
    Mr. Liu Gexin ( 劉 革 新 )                            –                  –              –                 –              –              –
    Mr. Liu Sichuan ( 劉 思 川 )                          –                  –              –                 –              –              –
    Mr. Feng Hao ( 馮 昊 )                               –                  –              –                 –          1,456          1,456
    Mr. Zeng Xuebo ( 曾 學 波 )                           –                  –              –                 –              –              –
    Mr. Li Dongfang ( 李 東 方 )                          –                  –              –                 –              –              –

    Independent Non-executive Directors
    Mr. Zheng Qiang ( 鄭 強 )
        (appointed in February 2023)                 142                  –              –                 –              –           142
    Mr. Tu Wenwei ( 涂 文 偉 )
        (appointed in February 2023)                 142                  –              –                 –              –           142
    Ms. Jin Jinping ( 金 錦 萍 )
        (appointed in February 2023)                 142                  –              –                 –              –           142
    Ms. Li Yuedong ( 李 越 冬 )
        (appointed in February 2023)                 142                  –              –                 –              –           142

    Supervisors
    Ms. Liao Yihong ( 廖 益 虹 )                          –                  –              –                –           1,870          1,870
    Ms. Song Hongmei ( 宋 宏 梅 )                         –              1,559          1,141                8             206          2,914
    Ms. Yang Qiuyan ( 楊 秋 豔 )                          –                929            406                8             760          2,103
    Ms. Qing Yan ( 卿 燕 )                               –              1,479            660                8             792          2,939
    Mr. Lai Degui ( 賴 德 貴 )                            –                  –              –                –           1,456          1,456
    Mr. Wan Peng ( 萬 鵬 )                               –                  –              –                –               –              –
                                                     568              9,014          3,167              214          20,893         33,856


    Note:     These represent the estimated value of restricted share units granted to the directors and supervisors under the
              Company’s restricted share unit scheme. The value of these restricted share units is measured according to the
              Group’s accounting policies for share-based payment transactions as set out in note 1(q)(ii) and, in accordance
              with that policy, includes adjustments to reverse amounts accrued in previous years where grants of equity
              instruments are forfeited prior to vesting. The details of share-based payment, including the principal terms and
              number of options granted, are disclosed in note 23.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024            211
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 7      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)

        During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, no emoluments was paid by the Group to the
        directors, supervisors or any of the five highest paid individuals set out in note 8 below as an inducement
        to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. No director or supervisor has
        waived for agreed to waive any emoluments during the year.


        During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, Mr. Liu Gexin, Mr. Liu Sichuan and Mr. Wan Peng
        were not paid directly by the Group but received emoluments from the Group’s holding company, in
        respect of their services to the larger group which includes the Group. No apportionment has been made
        as the qualifying services provided by them to the Group are incidental to their responsibilities to the larger
        group.


 8      INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

        Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, one (2023: one) is a director whose emoluments is
        disclosed in note 7. The aggregate emoluments in respect of the other four (2023: four) individuals are as
        follows:


                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

        Salaries and other emoluments                                                      20,291            12,357
        Discretionary bonuses                                                               4,602             4,997
        Share-based payments                                                               51,747            28,444
        Retirement scheme contributions                                                       292               510
                                                                                           76,932            46,308


        The emoluments of the above individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:


                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                                      Number of          Number of
                                                                                      Individuals         Individuals

        HKD8,000,001 – HKD8,500,000                                                              1                 1
        HKD12,500,001 – HKD13,000,000                                                            1                 1
        HKD14,500,001 – HKD15,000,000                                                            –                 1
        HKD15,500,001 – HKD16,000,000                                                            –                 1
        HKD16,000,001 – HKD16,500,000                                                            1                 –
        HKD20,000,001 – HKD20,500,000                                                            1                 –




212     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




9    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                       2024                                            2023
                                                        Before-tax                  Net-of-tax         Before-tax                       Net-of-tax
                                                           amount    Tax expense      amount             amount      Tax expense          amount
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
     Exchange differences on translation of financial
         statements of overseas subsidiaries                 3,537             –        3,537              4,793               –            4,793


10   LOSS PER SHARE

     (a)        Basic loss per share

                The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss for the year attributable to ordinary
                equity shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                during the year, calculated as follows.


                (i)        Loss attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company used in basic loss per
                           share calculation:

                                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000

                           Loss for the year attributable to ordinary equity
                                shareholders                                                                  (266,766)               (574,134)
                           Allocation of loss for the year attributable to financial
                                instruments issued to investors                                                         –              51,925
                           Loss for the year attributable to ordinary equity
                                shareholders of the Company for the purpose of basic
                                loss per share                                                                (266,766)               (522,209)


                (ii)       Weighted average number of shares

                                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                    2024                 2023

                           Issued ordinary shares at January 1                                           219,195,499           107,369,609
                           Effect of issuance of new shares                                                 2,452,086              94,518,344
                           Effect of the financial instruments issued to investors                                      –          (18,258,773)
                           Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                at December 31                                                           221,647,585           183,629,180




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024               213
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 10     LOSS PER SHARE (continued)

        (b)        Diluted loss per share

                   The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the year ended December 31,
                   2024.


                   As the Group incurred losses for the year ended December 31, 2023, the potential ordinary shares
                   were not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
                   Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2023 was the same as basic
                   loss per share.


 11     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                                    Furniture,
                                                                Machinery and    fixtures and        Leasehold      Construction
                                                   Buildings       equipment           others     improvements       in progress      Total
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000
        Cost:
        At January 1, 2023                                –           174,653         46,902            13,669           348,586     583,810
        Purchases                                         –            18,369          3,629                 –            89,289     111,287
        Transfer from construction in progress      294,400            22,711              –               778          (317,889)          –
        Exchange adjustments                              –                 –              3                 7                 –          10
        Disposals                                         –            (3,654)          (352)                –                 –      (4,006)
        At December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2024    294,400           212,079         50,182            14,454           119,986     691,101
        Purchases                                          –           20,932           4,372                –             8,502      33,806
        Transfer from construction in progress             –           38,367               –            2,013           (40,380)          –
        Exchange adjustments                               –                –               3                3                 –           6
        Disposals                                          –           (1,304)           (126)               –                 –      (1,430)
        Others                                          (304)               –               –                –                 –        (304)
        At December 31, 2024                        294,096           270,074         54,431            16,470            88,108     723,179


                                                                                    Furniture,
                                                                Machinery and    fixtures and       Leasehold       Construction
                                                   Buildings       equipment           others     improvement        in progress      Total
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000
        Accumulated depreciation
        At January 1, 2023                                 –          (43,950)         (7,253)           (2,258)               –     (53,461)
        Charge for the year                             (925)         (20,280)         (5,183)           (4,417)               –     (30,805)
        Exchange adjustments                               –                –               (3)               (7)              –          (10)
        Disposals                                          –              698             260                  –               –         958
        At December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2024        (925)         (63,532)        (12,179)           (6,682)               –     (83,318)
        Charge for the year                          (11,237)         (24,059)         (5,096)           (5,482)               –     (45,874)
        Exchange adjustments                               –                –              (3)               (3)               –          (6)
        Disposals                                          –              725             116                 –                –         841
        At December 31, 2024                         (12,162)         (86,866)        (17,162)          (12,167)               –    (128,357)
        Net book value:
        At December 31, 2024                        281,934           183,208         37,269             4,303            88,108     594,822
        At December 31, 2023                        293,475           148,547         38,003             7,772           119,986     607,783




214     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




12   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

     The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:


                                                                                 Machinery and
                                                                   Properties        equipment
                                                      Land             leased             leased
                                                 use rights      for own use        for own use                Total
                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

     Cost:
     At January 1, 2023                              43,660            21,400             96,893             161,953
     Additions                                            –             8,625                   –              8,625
     Exchange adjustments                                 –                13                   –                  13
     At December 31, 2023 and
       January 1, 2024                               43,660            30,038             96,893             170,591
     Additions                                            –            25,666             95,760             121,426
     Disposals                                            –           (20,390)           (96,894)           (117,284)
     Exchange adjustments                                 –                 9                   –                   9
     At December 31, 2024                            43,660            35,323             95,759             174,742

     Accumulated depreciation
     At January 1, 2023                              (5,043)           (7,137)           (32,298)            (44,478)
     Charge for the year                               (875)           (7,987)           (32,298)            (41,160)
     Exchange adjustments                                 –                (3)                  –                  (3)
     At December 31, 2023 and
       January 1, 2024                               (5,918)          (15,127)           (64,596)            (85,641)
     Charge for the year                               (875)           (9,923)           (32,298)            (43,096)
     Disposals                                            –            20,390             96,894             117,284
     Exchange adjustments                                 –                (6)                  –                  (6)
     At December 31, 2024                            (6,793)           (4,666)                  –            (11,459)

     Net book value:
     At December 31, 2024                            36,867            30,657             95,759             163,283
     At December 31, 2023                            37,742            14,911             32,297              84,950




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024          215
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 12     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

        The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognized in the Group’s profit or loss is as follows:


                                                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                    2024                       2023
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000

        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:
        Land use rights, carried at depreciated cost                                                                                  875                           875
        Properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost                                                                 9,923                      7,987
        Machinery and equipment leased for own use, carried
               at depreciated cost                                                                                               32,298                     32,298
                                                                                                                                 43,096                     41,160

        Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note 5(a))                                                                         2,288                      3,941
        Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                                      1,524                            543


        None of the leases includes variable lease payments.


        Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes 19(d)
        and 21, respectively.


 13     INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES

        The following list contains subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the
        Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

                                                                                                             Effective interest rate held by
                                                   Place and date of             Particulars of issued and   the Group As at December 31,
        Company name                               incorporation/establishment   paid up capital                     2023            2024    Principal activities
        Sichuan Konas Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.     Chinese Mainland/             RMB4,000,000/RMB nil               100%            100%       Research and development
          四 川 科 納 斯 製 藥 有 限 公 司 (note i)             September 30, 2016
        KLUS PHARMA INC.                           The USA/October 31,2014       USD100/USD100                      100%            100%       Research and development
        Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Targeted Biologics   Chinese Mainland/             RMB100,000,000/RMB nil             100%            100%       Research and development
          Engineering Research Center Co., Ltd.      March 30, 2023
          四川科倫博泰生物靶向藥物工程
          研 究 中 心 有 限 公 司 (note i)
        Kelun-Biotech (Hong Kong) Co., Limited     Hong Kong/                    HKD1,000,000/                      100%            100%       Business development
                                                    October 27, 2023              1,000,000 shares


        Notes:


        (i).       The official names of the entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names is for reference only. The
                   entity is a limited liability company under the law of the PRC.


        All companies comprising the Group have adopted December 31 as their financial year end date.




216     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




14   OTHER INVESTMENTS

     (a)   Financial assets measured at FVPL

                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

           Wealth management products issued by banks                              1,448,319              633,705


           As at December 31, 2023 and 2024, the balance of financial assets measured at FVPL represents
           wealth management product issued by the banks in the PRC with a floating return which will be paid
           together with the principal on the maturity date.


           The analysis on the fair value measurement of the above financial assets is disclosed in note 26(e).


     (b)   Financial assets measured at amortized cost

                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

           Certificates of deposit                                                    283,979             325,870


           The Group purchases certificates of deposit from the bank with the terms that the Group could
           sell them to others after six months from initial acquisition day. The annual interest rates of these
           deposits are fixed and ranged from 3.05% to 3.25% per annum. As the Group manages the above
           financial products with the objective of the collection of contractual cash flows, it was recognized as
           financial assets measured at amortized cost in the consolidated financial statements.


15   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

     Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                     14,512                8,199




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         217
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 16     INVENTORIES

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

        Raw materials                                                                      78,655           57,922
        Low-value consumables                                                                  5,000         5,110
        Work in progress                                                                   24,848                 –
        Finished goods                                                                         2,003              –
                                                                                         110,506            63,032


 17     CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

        Receipts in advance                                                              312,375           510,692


        The Group receives upfront payments before the provision of research and development service, and this
        will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognized from provision
        of research and development service exceeds the amount of the upfront payments. The amount of the
        upfront payments was negotiated on a case-by-case basis with the respective customers.


        Movements in contract liabilities

                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

        Balance at January 1                                                             510,692           163,976
        Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognizing
            revenue during the year that was included in the contract
            liabilities at the beginning of the year                                     (510,692)        (163,578)
        Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receipts in advance              312,375           510,294
        Balance at December 31                                                           312,375           510,692


        All of contract liabilities are expected to be recognized as income within one year.




218     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




18   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

     Trade receivables                                                                   57,842                     –
     Other receivables                                                                   12,083              16,294
     Value Added Tax (“VAT”) recoverable                                                171,243             106,802
     Prepaid Tax                                                                           2,085             35,648
     Prepayments                                                                         60,475              56,017
                                                                                        303,728             214,761


     As of the end of the reporting periods, the ageing analysis of trade receivables (which are included in trade
     and other receivables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

     Within 3 months                                                                     57,842                     –


19   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION

     (a)    Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

            Cash at bank                                                             1,343,353           1,568,767
            Less: restricted bank deposits                                  (i)           (6,850)           (39,993)
            Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement
                  of financial position                                              1,336,503           1,528,774


            (i)       Restricted bank deposits are pledged deposits for issuance of bills payable with the maturity
                      date within six months. The pledged deposits will be released upon the settlement of relevant
                      bills payable.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024          219
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 19     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
        (continued)

        (b)     Reconciliation of loss before taxation to cash (used in)/generated from operations:

                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                         Note        2024                  2023
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

                Loss before taxation                                              (142,545)          (467,692)
                Adjustments for:
                Depreciation of property, plant and equipment            5(c)      45,874             30,805
                Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      5(c)      43,096             41,160
                Amortization of intangible assets                        5(c)        2,416                3,111
                Finance costs                                            5(a)        3,796            84,309
                Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment     4           146                 1,488
                Interest income on financial assets measured
                   at amortised cost                                      4        (10,260)               (5,870)
                Net realized and unrealized gain on financial
                   assets measured at FVPL                                4        (21,547)           (10,533)
                Equity-settled share-based payment expenses              5(b)     148,285            123,346
                Net foreign exchange gains                                4        (17,791)           (16,085)
                Changes in working capital:
                Increase in inventories                                            (47,474)           (10,396)
                Increase in trade and other receivables                            (88,967)          (124,367)
                (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from
                   related parties                                                  (1,637)           15,129
                Decrease/(increase) in restricted bank deposits                    33,143             (13,732)
                (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                    (50,518)          252,620
                (Decrease)/increase in deferred income                                (146)           54,063
                Decrease in amounts due to related parties                          (3,103)          (138,070)
                (Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                       (322,538)          240,273
                Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities            (429,770)           59,559




220     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




19   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     (continued)

     (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both
           cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash
           flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement
           as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                Other       Financial
                                                                           borrowings    instruments
                                                                           from Kelun       issued to          Lease
                                                         Bank loans    Pharmaceutical       investors      liabilities       Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                           (note 21)

           At January 1, 2023                               100,000         2,790,787        580,021        123,556        3,594,364
           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Repayment of bank loans                         (100,000)                –               –               –       (100,000)
           Repayment of other borrowings from
               Kelun Pharmaceutical                               –          (294,040)              –               –       (294,040)
           Proceeds from financial instruments
               issued to investors                                –                 –      1,323,475                –      1,323,475
           Capital element of lease rentals paid                  –                 –              –         (66,762)        (66,762)
           Interest element of lease rentals paid                 –                 –              –           (9,449)         (9,449)
           Interest paid                                       (563)                –              –                –            (563)
           Total changes from financing cash flows         (100,563)         (294,040)     1,323,475         (76,211)       852,661

           Exchange adjustments                                   –                 –               –               8               8
           Other changes:
           Increase in lease liabilities from entering
               into new leases during the year                   –                  –              –           8,625           8,625
           Interest expenses (note 5(a))                       563              3,253         76,827           3,941          84,584
           Reclassification of financial liabilities
               recognized for preferential rights
               issued to investors to equity                      –                 –      (1,980,323)              –     (1,980,323)
           Decrease of debt-to-equity swap
              arrangement                                         –        (2,500,000)              –               –     (2,500,000)
           Total other changes                                 563         (2,496,747)     (1,903,496)        12,566      (4,387,114)

           At December 31, 2023                                   –                 –               –         59,919          59,919




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024            221
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 19     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
        (continued)

        (c)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)

                                                                                    Other      Financial
                                                                               borrowings   instruments
                                                                               from Kelun      issued to           Lease
                                                              Bank loans   Pharmaceutical      investors       liabilities      Total
                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                               (note 21)

                At January 1, 2024                                     –                –             –           59,919        59,919
                Changes from financing cash flows:
                Capital element of lease rentals paid                  –                –             –          (54,601)      (54,601)
                Interest element of lease rentals paid                 –                –             –           (2,288)       (2,288)
                Total changes from financing cash flows                –                –             –          (56,889)      (56,889)

                Exchange adjustments                                   –                –             –                 3            3
                Other changes:
                Increase in lease liabilities from entering
                    into new leases during the year                    –                –             –         121,426        121,426
                Interest expenses (note 5(a))                          –                –             –           2,288          2,288
                Total other changes                                    –                –             –         123,714        123,714

                At December 31, 2024                                   –                –             –         126,747        126,747


        (d)     Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

                Within operating cash flows                                                                  1,524               397
                Within financing cash flows                                                                 56,889            76,211
                                                                                                            58,413            76,608




222     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




20   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

     Trade payables                                                                     246,687            315,501
     Other payables                                                                       2,539               3,029
     Bills payable                                                                       35,810             67,449
     Accrued payroll and benefits                                                       156,341            133,773
     Other taxes payable                                                                  5,455               3,725
                                                                                        446,832            523,477


     As of the end of the reporting periods, the ageing analysis of trade payables and bills payable (which are
     included in trade and other payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

     Within 1 year                                                                      214,208            365,199
     1 to 2 years                                                                        53,439             16,798
     2 to 3 years                                                                        13,993                 349
     More than 3 years                                                                      857                 604
                                                                                        282,497            382,950


21   LEASE LIABILITIES

     The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of
     each year:


                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

     Within 1 year                                                                       41,842             54,406
     After 1 year but within 2 years                                                     42,745               3,221
     After 2 years but within 5 years                                                    42,160               2,292
                                                                                         84,905               5,513
                                                                                        126,747             59,919




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024         223
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 22     DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

        Government grants                                                              64,595           64,741


        Deferred income of the Group mainly represents government grants received for the construction of
        property, plant and equipment, which would be recognized as “other net income” on a straight-line basis
        over the expected useful lives of the relevant assets.


 23     EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

        Restricted Share Unit Scheme

        Pursuant to a written shareholders’ resolution of the Company passed on May 29, 2020, a Restricted
        Share Unit (“RSU”) Scheme (“the Scheme”) was adopted for purpose of providing incentives to eligible
        employees of the Group. The RSUs would be granted to eligible employees of the Group through four
        companies, which act as the share-based payment vehicles, at a discounted price. Subject to grantees’
        service to the Group through the applicable vesting date, the RSUs shall vest after 4 years from the date
        of grant. If employments of the grantees are terminated before the RSUs become vested, the unvested
        RSUs shall be repurchased at the purchase price paid by the grantees when the RSUs were granted
        plus reasonable interest. Each RSU entitles the holder to own one ordinary share of the Company. Under
        the Scheme, the maximum number of RSUs granted shall not exceed 30,000,000 units (equivalent to
        30,000,000 ordinary shares of the Company).


        The Group granted 21,319,000 RSUs to certain directors and employees of the Group at a discounted
        price ranging from RMB1 to RMB1.18 per unit on August 24, 2020 (the Grant Date 2020), the date on
        which employees accepted the terms and conditions of the RSUs offered by the Group.


        The Group granted 5,290,000 RSUs to certain directors and employees of the Group at a discounted price
        of RMB1.30 per unit on December 30, 2022 (the Grant Date 2022), the date on which employees accepted
        the terms and conditions of the RSUs offered by the Group.


        The Group granted 410,000 RSUs, 4,310,000 RSUs and 1,650,000 RSUs to certain directors and
        employees of the Group at a discounted price of RMB1.36 per unit, RMB1.30 per unit and RMB1.36 per
        unit on February 15, 2023 (the Grant Date 2023 I), April 11, 2023 (the Grant Date 2023 II) and September
        28, 2023 (the Grant Date 2023 III), respectively, the date on which employees accepted the terms and
        conditions of the RSUs offered by the Group.


        The Group granted 305,000 RSUs, 90,000 RSUs, 300,000 RSUs and 150,000 RSUs to certain directors
        and employees of the Group at a discounted price of RMB1.42 per unit on March 30, 2024 (the Grant
        Date 2024 I), April 23, 2024 (the Grant Date 2024 II), September 30, 2024 (the Grant Date 2024 III) and
        December 6, 2024 (the Grant Date 2024 IV), respectively, the date on which employees accepted the
        terms and conditions of the RSUs offered by the Group.




224     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




23   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

     Fair value of RSUs

     The fair value of services received in return for RSUs granted is measured by reference to the fair value
     of RSUs granted. The estimate of the fair value of RSUs granted at the Grant Date 2020, the Grant Date
     2022, the Grant Date 2023 I and the Grant Date 2023 II were respectively RMB3 per unit, RMB51.7 per
     unit, RMB51.7 per unit and RMB51.7 per unit, which were determined with reference to the price per
     share in equity financing transaction with third parties of the Company close to the grant dates. The fair
     value of RSUs granted at the Grant Date 2023 III, the Grant Date 2024 I, the Grant Date 2024 II, the Grant
     Date 2024 III, the Grant Date 2024 IV were HKD78.00 per unit, HKD155.00 per unit, HKD147.80 per unit,
     HKD183.90 per unit and HKD184.20 per unit which were determined by the closing market share price of
     the grant date.


     (a)    Movements in the number of RSUs are as follows:

                                                                                      Number of RSUs
                                                                                        2024                2023

            At January 1                                                         23,591,250          18,271,250
            Granted during the year                                                  845,000          6,370,000
            Forfeited during the year                                               (570,000)         (1,050,000)
            At December 31                                                       23,866,250          23,591,250


     (b)    Equity-settled share-based payment expenses recognized in the consolidated statements
            of profit or loss during the year:

                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

            Research and development expenses                                         66,953              48,418
            Cost of sales                                                             14,637              21,107
            Administrative expenses                                                   58,349              49,753
            Selling and distribution expenses                                           8,346               4,068
                                                                                     148,285             123,346




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         225
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 24     INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

        (a)     Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2024            2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000

                Balance at January 1                                                        (35,648)                 –
                Withholding tax for the year                                                124,221           106,442
                Withholding tax paid                                                        (90,658)         (142,090)
                Balance at December 31                                                        (2,085)          (35,648)


        (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities not recognized:

                In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(p), the Group has not recognized deferred
                tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of RMB4,952,918,000 (2023: RMB4,816,190,000) as
                it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilized before expiries.


                Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in PRC, Hong Kong and the US, the unrecognized tax
                losses at the end of each reporting period will expire in the following years:


                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2024            2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000

                2023                                                                                 –             794
                2024                                                                             4,527           4,527
                2026                                                                             2,124           2,124
                2028                                                                              917              917
                After 2028                                                                4,945,350         4,807,828
                                                                                          4,952,918         4,816,190


                All the tax losses of the Company can be carried forward for a maximum period of ten years
                pursuant to Notice No.76 issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                of the PRC on July 11, 2018, since the Company obtained its certificate of the High Technology
                Enterprise on December 3, 2020 and October 16, 2023 respectively.


                All the tax losses of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries can be carried forward for a maximum period of
                five years.


                All the tax losses of the Group’s subsidiary in the USA can be carried forward for a maximum period
                of twenty years.




226     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




25   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

     (a)   Movements in components of equity

           The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
           consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the
           changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of
           years are set out below:

                                                                       Share        Capital    Accumulated
                                                             Note     capital     reserves          losses          Total
                                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

           Balance at January 1, 2023                                 107,370        59,215      (3,138,686)     (2,972,101)
           Loss for the year                                                –             –        (561,492)       (561,492)
           Issuance of new shares                            25(c)     59,937     2,598,744               –       2,658,681
           Issuance of ordinary shares by initial public
              offering and over-allotment, net of issuing
              costs                                          25(c)     25,813     1,336,861               –       1,362,674
           Issuance of shares with preferential rights to
              investors                                                26,076     1,297,399               –       1,323,475
           Recognition of financial liabilities recognized
              for preferential rights issued to investors                   –    (1,323,475)              –      (1,323,475)
           Reclassification of financial liabilities
              recognized for preferential rights issued to
              investors to equity                                           –     1,980,323               –       1,980,323
           Equity-settled share-based payment                23(b)          –       123,346               –         123,346
           Balance at December 31, 2023 and
             January 1, 2024                                          219,196     6,072,413      (3,700,178)      2,591,431

           Changes in equity for 2024
           Loss for the year                                                –             –        (252,293)       (252,293)
           Issuance of new shares                            25(c)      8,072     1,086,036               –       1,094,108
           Equity-settled share-based payment                23(b)          –       148,285               –         148,285
           Balance at December 31, 2024                               227,268     7,306,734      (3,952,471)      3,581,531


     (b)   Dividends

           The directors of the Company did not propose the payment of any dividend during the year (2023:nil).




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024           227
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 25     CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

        (c)     Share capital

                As at December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Company has 219,196 thousand shares and 227,268
                thousand shares registered with par value of RMB1 for each share, respectively.


                                                              2024                            2023
                                                   No. of shares       Amount      No. of shares      Amount
                                                          (‘000)      RMB’000             (‘000)     RMB’000

                Registered share capital
                At January 1                            219,196        219,196          116,051      116,051
                Issuance of new shares                    8,072          8,072           51,256       51,256
                Issuance of ordinary shares by
                   initial public offering                     –             –           25,813       25,813
                Financial instrument issued to
                   investors                                   –             –           26,076       26,076
                At December 31                          227,268        227,268          219,196      219,196


                                                              2024                            2023
                                                   No. of shares       Amount      No. of shares      Amount
                                                          (‘000)      RMB’000             (‘000)     RMB’000

                Ordinary shares, issued and
                   fully paid
                At January 1                           219,196        219,196          107,370       107,370
                Issuance of new shares                    8,072          8,072          59,937        59,937
                Issuance of ordinary shares by
                   initial public offering                    –              –          25,813        25,813
                Financial instrument issued to
                   investors                                  –              –          26,076        26,076
                At December 31                          227,268        227,268          219,196      219,196


                                                              2024                            2023
                                                   No. of shares       Amount      No. of shares      Amount
                                                          (‘000)      RMB’000             (‘000)     RMB’000

                Representing
                H shares issued                        131,431        131,431          126,625       126,625
                Domestic shares issued                   91,195        91,195           87,157        87,157
                Unlisted foreign shares issued            4,642          4,642            5,414        5,414
                Total ordinary shares issued and
                   fully paid at December 31            227,268        227,268          219,196      219,196




228     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




25   CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

     (c)   Share capital (continued)

           Note:

           (i)     On May 16, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 3,649 thousand new H shares at an offering
                   price of HK$150 per share pursuant to a placing agreement entered into by the Company and the
                   placing agents (the “Placing”).


                   The net proceeds (after deducting the commissions and expenses of RMB680 thousand) from the
                   Placing amounted to approximately HK$541.4 million, of which RMB3,649 thousand was recorded in
                   share capital and the remaining RMB489,066 thousand was recorded in capital reserves.


           (ii)    On September 17, 2024, the Company converted 385 thousand domestic shares and 772 thousand
                   unlisted foreign shares into H shares.


           (iii)   On December 17, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,423 thousand domestic shares at an
                   offering price of HK$150 per share pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into by the Company
                   and its immediate parent company, Kelun Pharmaceutical (the “Subscription”).


                   The net proceeds (after deducting the commissions and expenses of RMB1,184 thousand) from the
                   Subscription amounted to approximately RMB601,393 thousand, of which RMB4,423 thousand was
                   recorded in share capital and the remaining RMB596,970 thousand was recorded in capital reserves.


     (d)   Nature and purpose of reserves

           (i)     Capital reserves

                   The capital reserves comprise the following:


                   –      the amount represents the difference between the consideration received and the par
                          value of the issued shares of the Company;


                   –      the amount related to merger reserves resulted from business combinations in 2020
                          involving entities under common control;


                   –      the portion of the grant date fair value of unlocked RSUs granted to employees of the
                          Group that has been recognized in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for
                          share-based payments in note 1(q); and


                   –      the amount of financial liabilities arising from financial instruments issued to investors.


           (ii)    Exchange reserves

                   The exchange reserves comprise all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation
                   of the financial statements of foreign operation with functional currency other than RMB. The
                   reserves are dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 1(t).




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       229
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 25     CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

        (e)     Capital management

                The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
                going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by
                pricing services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.


                The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between the
                higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and
                security afforded by a sound capital position and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes
                in economic conditions.


                The Group is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements on December 31, 2024.


 26     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
        INSTRUMENTS

        Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s
        business.


        The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the
        Group to manage these risks are described below.


        (a)     Credit risk

                Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting
                in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables.
                The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents is limited because the
                counterparties are banks, which the Group considers to represent low credit risk.


                The Group also expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with trade and other
                receivables and amounts due from related parties since the counterparties to these financial assets
                have no history of default.


                The Group does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.


                Trade receivables

                The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk in industries or countries in which the
                customers operate. Significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has
                significant exposure to individual customers. At the end of the reporting period, nil (2023: nil), nil
                (2023: nil) and 26.92% (2023: nil) of the total trade receivables were due from the Group’s largest
                customer, the second largest customer and five largest customers respectively.


                Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount.
                These take into account the customer’s past payment history, financial position and other factors.
                Trade receivables are due within 60 days from the date of billing. Normally, the Group does not
                obtain collateral from customers.


230     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




26   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     (a)   Credit risk (continued)

           Trade receivables (continued)

           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.


           As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns
           for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further
           distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases. As the end of the year, the Group did
           not provide any loss allowance for trade receivables.


     (b)   Liquidity risk

           The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending
           covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in
           the short and longer term.


           The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period
           of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash
           flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates
           current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                          As at December 31, 2024
                                                                  Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                                  More than                                           Carrying
                                                 Within         More than        2 years but                                         amount at
                                              1 year or    1 year but less       less than 5      More than                       December 31,
                                            on demand         than 2 years             years         5 years            Total            2024
                                              RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000
           Lease liabilities                    47,753             46,686             44,141                   –       138,580         126,747
           Trade and other payables            446,818                  –                  –                   –       446,818         446,818
           Amounts due to related parties        8,806                  –                  –                   –         8,806           8,806
                                               503,377             46,686             44,141                   –       594,204         582,371


                                                                          As at December 31, 2023
                                                                    Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                                                                                       Carrying
                                                  Within        More than          More than                                         amount at
                                            1 year or on    1 year but less   2 years but less         More than                     December
                                                demand        than 2 years       than 5 years            5 years          Total       31, 2023
                                               RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
           Lease liabilities                    56,674               3,397              2,333                  –        62,404          59,919
           Trade and other payables            523,477                   –                  –                  –       523,477         523,477
           Amounts due to related parties       21,429                   –                  –                  –        21,429          21,429
                                               601,580               3,397              2,333                  –       607,310         604,825




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024             231
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 26     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
        INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        (c)     Interest rate risk

                The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate time deposits, financial
                assets measured at amortized cost and lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow
                interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank deposits, restricted deposits and financial assets
                measured at FVPL.


                (i)     Exposure to interest rate risk

                        The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of each reporting period to
                        interest rate risk.


                                                            As at December 31, 2024           As at December 31, 2023
                                                           Interest rate       RMB’000       Interest rate        RMB’000
                        Fixed-rate instruments
                        Cash and cash equivalents         1.40%-1.80%          658,138      2.50%-3.00%        1,189,133
                        Financial assets measured at
                           amortized cost                 3.05%-3.25%          283,979      3.05%-3.25%          325,870
                        Lease liabilities                       4.75%         (126,747)           4.75%          (59,919)
                                                                               815,370                         1,455,084
                        Variable-rate instruments
                        Cash and cash equivalents         0.0001%-1.15%        678,365    0.0001%-2.35%          339,641
                        Restricted deposits                 0.05%-1.55%          6,850      0.20%-1.90%           39,993
                        Financial assets measured at FVPL   0.95%-3.25%      1,448,319      0.95%-3.20%          633,705
                                                                             2,133,534                         1,013,339


                (ii)    Sensitivity analysis

                        The sensitivity analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the
                        end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. If interest rates had been
                        100 basis points higher and all other risk variables remained constant, the Group’s loss
                        for the year ended December 31, 2024 and accumulated losses as at December 31, 2024
                        would decrease by RMB21,335,000 (2023: RMB10,133,000). If interest rates had been 100
                        basis points lower and all other risk variables remained constant, the Group’s loss for the
                        year ended December 31, 2024 and accumulated losses as at December 31, 2024 would
                        increase by RMB21,335,000 (2023: RMB10,133,000).




232     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




26   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     (d)   Currency risk

           The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to cash
           and cash equivalents and amounts due to related parties that are denominated in a foreign currency,
           i.e., a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate.
           The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily United States dollars and Hong Kong dollars. The
           Group manages this risk as follows:


           (i)    Exposure to currency risk

                  The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of each reporting period to
                  currency risk arising from recognized assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other
                  than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the
                  amounts of the exposure are shown in RMB, translated using the spot rate at the year-end
                  date.


                                                      As at December 31, 2024             As at December 31, 2023
                                                             USD             HKD                 USD              HKD
                  Exposure to foreign currencies
                    (expressed in RMB’000)
                  Cash and cash equivalents                 3,553              199             24,570              9,577
                  Amounts due to related parties         (269,845)               –           (234,386)                 –
                                                         (266,292)             199           (209,816)             9,577


           (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                  The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s loss for the year and
                  accumulated losses as at December 31, 2024 that would arise if foreign exchange rates to
                  which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at
                  that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant.


                                                      As at December 31, 2024          As at December 31, 2023
                                                                       (Increase)/
                                                                     decrease on                          (Increase)/
                                                        Increase/     loss before        Increase/ decrease on loss
                                                       (decrease)          tax and    (decrease) in   before tax and
                                                        in foreign   accumulated foreign exchange      accumulated
                                                   exchange rates           losses            rates            losses
                                                                         RMB’000                            RMB’000
                  USD                                        10%           (26,629)              10%            (20,982)
                                                            (10%)           26,629              (10%)            20,982
                  HKD                                        10%                20               10%                958
                                                            (10%)              (20)             (10%)              (958)




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024           233
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 26     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
        INSTRUMENTS (continued)
        (d)     Currency risk (continued)

                (ii)    Sensitivity analysis (continued)

                        Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the
                        instantaneous effects on each of the Group entities’ loss for the year and equity measured in
                        the respective functional currencies, translated into RMB at the exchange rate ruling at the
                        end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.


                        The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied
                        to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to
                        foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period. The analysis is performed on the
                        same basis during the reporting period.


        (e)     Fair value measurement

                (i)     Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

                        Fair value hierarchy

                        IFRS 13, Fair value measurement categorises fair value measurements into a three-level
                        hierarchy. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with
                        reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique
                        as follows:


                        •       Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
                                quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement
                                date;


                        •       Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e., observable
                                inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
                                Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available;


                        •       Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.


                        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at
                        the end of reporting period:


                                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

                        Level 3
                        Financial assets measured at FVPL
                        Wealth management products issued by banks                       1,448,319          633,705




234     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




26   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     (e)   Fair value measurement (continued)

           (i)    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)

                  Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                Valuation techniques              Significant unobservable inputs

                  Investment in wealth
                        management products     Discount cash flow method         – Interest return rate


                  During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, there were no transfers between
                  Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognize
                  transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which
                  they occur.


                  The movements during the reporting period in the balance of these Level 3 financial assets of
                  the Group at fair value through profit or loss are as follows:


                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

                  Financial assets measured at FVPL
                  At January 1                                                            633,705                     –
                  Payment for purchases                                                 3,210,000          2,060,000
                  Changes in fair value recognized in profit or
                        loss during the year                                               21,547              10,533
                  Redemption                                                           (2,416,933)         (1,436,828)
                  At December 31                                                        1,448,319             633,705


           (ii)   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

                  The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost
                  were not materially different from their fair values as at December 31, 2024 and 2023.


27   COMMITMENTS

     Commitments outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023 not provided for in the financial statements
     were as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

     Contracted for construction in progress                                                 3,600             18,642




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024          235
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 28     MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

        (a)     Key management personnel remuneration

                Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the
                Company’s directors and supervisors as disclosed in note 7 and certain of the highest paid
                employees as disclosed in note 8, is as follows:


                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

                Short-term employee benefits                                               44,315             36,787
                Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                         568               773
                Share-based payments                                                       65,529             51,305
                                                                                          110,412             88,865


                Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 5(b)).


        (b)     Identity of related parties

                Name of party                                                      Relationship with the Group

                Mr. Liu GeXin ( 劉 革 新 )                                            Ultimate controlling shareholder
                Kelun Pharmaceutical ( 四 川 科 倫 藥 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 )                   Immediate holding company
                    together with its subsidiaries (“Kelun Group”)
                China Resources Kelun (Sichuan) Medicine Limited (“Kelun           An associate of Mr.Liu Sichuan,
                    Medicine & Trade”) ( 華 潤 科 倫 醫 藥（四 川）有 限 公 司 )                   director of the Group
                    together with its subsidiaries (“China Resources Kelun
                    Group”) (Previously known as “Sichuan Kelun Medcine &
                    Trade Group Co., Ltd. (四 川 科 倫 醫 藥 貿 易 集 團 有 限 公 司)”)
                Sichuan Kelun Doosan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Kelun               A joint venture of Kelun
                    Doosan”) ( 四 川 科 倫 鬥 山 生 物 技 術 有 限 公 司 )                         Pharmaceutical




236     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




28   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

     (c)   Significant related party transactions

                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

           Trade related:
           Provision of R&D services to:
           Kelun Group                                                            6,738               7,389

           Procurement of R&D services from:
           Kelun Group                                                            6,310               2,000

           Sales of low-value consumables to:
           Kelun Group                                                              107                  26

           Sales of goods to:
           China Resources Kelun Group                                              506                    –

           Disposal of PPE to:
           Kelun Group                                                              367                 948

           Procurement of goods from:
           Kelun Group                                                          11,024              10,030
           China Resources Kelun Group                                            4,035               5,255
                                                                                15,059              15,285

           Procurement of PPE from:
           Kelun Group                                                            5,663                 533
           China Resources Kelun Group                                              359                 306
                                                                                  6,022                 839

           Receiving other miscellaneous services from:
           Kelun Group                                                          17,524              19,533
           China Resources Kelun Group                                                 –                211
                                                                                17,524              19,744

           Non-trade related:
           Amounts repaid to:
           Kelun Group                                                                 –           294,040

           Debt-to-equity swap with Kelun Pharmaceutical                               –        2,500,000

           Interest expense on borrowings to Kelun Group                               –              3,253

           Interest expense on lease liabilities to Kelun Group                   1,943               3,799




                                                                                   Annual Report 2024          237
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 28     MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        (d)     Balances with related parties

                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

                Amounts due from:
                    –Trade Related:
                    Kelun Group                                                                 2,193             1,248
                    Kelun Doosan                                                                  157               104
                    China Resources Kelun Group                                                   571                  –
                                                                                                2,921             1,352

                Amounts due to:
                    –Trade Related:
                    Kelun Group                                                                 8,625            21,268
                    Kelun Doosan                                                                  114                  –
                    China Resources Kelun Group                                                    53               161
                                                                                                8,792            21,429

                Lease liabilities due to:
                    Kelun Group (note)                                                       118,369             51,610


                Note:   On December 31, 2021, the Group entered into a property lease agreement and an equipment
                        lease agreement (“2021 Lease Agreement”) with Kelun Pharmaceutical, pursuant to which, Kelun
                        Pharmaceutical agreed to lease certain properties and equipment to the Company for three years from
                        January 1, 2022 and the annual lease fees totalled RMB42,882,000.


                        After the expiration of the 2021 Lease Agreement, the Group entered into a new property lease
                        agreement and a new equipment lease agreement with Kelun Pharmaceutical, pursuant to which, Kelun
                        Pharmaceutical agreed to lease certain properties and equipment to the Company for another three
                        years from January 1, 2025 and the annual lease fees totalled RMB43,262,000.




238     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




29   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                             Note                     2024               2023
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                                 507,101               528,058
     Right-of-use assets                                                           144,175                65,199
     Intangible assets                                                               2,579                 1,336
     Interests in subsidiaries                                13                   522,472               480,772
     Amounts due from related parties                                              131,060               100,205
     Other non-current assets                                                       14,312                 7,998
                                                                                  1,321,699            1,183,568
     Current assets
     Inventories                                                                    110,506               63,032
     Trade and other receivables                                                    296,168              209,338
     Amounts due from related parties                                                 2,921                1,352
     Financial assets measured at FVPL                                            1,448,319              633,705
     Financial assets measured at amortized cost                                    283,979              325,870
     Restricted deposits                                                              6,850               39,993
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                    1,322,922            1,526,413
                                                                                  3,481,665            2,799,703
     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                                                      436,967               504,029
     Amounts due to related parties                                                284,298               255,815
     Contract liabilities                                                          312,375               510,692
     Lease liabilities                                                              41,693                54,197
                                                                                  1,075,333            1,324,733
     Net current assets                                                           2,406,332            1,474,970
     Total assets less current liabilities                                        3,728,031            2,658,538
     Non-current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                                              84,905                 5,366
     Deferred income                                                                61,595                61,741
                                                                                   146,500                67,107
     NET ASSETS                                                                   3,581,531            2,591,431
     CAPITAL AND RESERVES
     Share capital                                           25(c)                  227,268              219,196
     Reserves                                                25(d)                3,354,263            2,372,235
     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                 3,581,531            2,591,431


     Approved and authorized for issue by board of directors on March 24, 2025.




     Ge Junyou                                          Zhou Zejian
     Executive Director                                 Chief Financial Officer


                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        239
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)




 30     IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

        On December 31, 2023 and 2024, the directors consider the immediate parent of the Group to be Kelun
        Pharmaceutical which is incorporated in the PRC and ultimate controlling party of the Group to be Mr. Liu
        Gexin. Kelun Pharmaceutical is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and produces financial statements
        available for public use.


 31     POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND
        INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED
        DECEMBER 31, 2024

        Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new or amended
        standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended December 31, 2024 and which have not been
        adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to
        the Group.


                                                                                                 Effective for
                                                                                                  accounting
                                                                                                      periods
                                                                                                beginning on
                                                                                                       or after

        Amendments to IFRS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates
           – Lack of exchangeability                                                           January 1, 2025
        Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7,
           Financial instruments: disclosures – Amendments to the classification and
           measurement of financial instruments                                                January 1, 2026
        Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                           January 1, 2026
        IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                           January 1, 2027
        IFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                       January 1, 2027


        The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
        expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is
        unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.




240     SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                         For the year ended December 31,
                                                2024              2023              2022              2021
                                            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000

Revenue                                    1,933,045          1,540,493        803,933              32,322
Cost of sales                               (659,388)          (781,308)      (276,828)             (20,525)
Other net income/(expense)                   139,755            89,809           (4,368)            34,843
Selling and distribution expenses           (182,717)           (19,534)               –                  –
Administrative expenses                     (163,310)          (181,877)        (95,303)            (96,174)
Research and development costs             (1,206,134)       (1,030,966)      (845,984)           (727,670)
Finance costs                                  (3,796)          (84,309)      (148,814)           (112,591)
Income tax                                  (124,221)          (106,442)        (48,735)                  –
Loss for the year attributable to equity
   shareholders of the Company              (266,766)          (574,134)      (616,099)           (889,795)


                                                               As at December 31,
                                                2024              2023              2022              2021
                                            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000

Current assets                             3,492,806          2,807,487        332,316             298,341
Current liabilities                         (809,841)        (1,110,004)     (4,167,361)        (3,444,914)
Net current assets/(liabilities)           2,682,965          1,697,483      (3,835,045)        (3,146,573)
Non-current assets                           775,196           702,268         660,829             514,617
Non-current liabilities                     (149,500)           (70,254)        (51,970)            (11,930)
Net assets/(liabilities)                   3,308,661          2,329,497      (3,226,186)        (2,643,886)
Total Equities                             3,308,661          2,329,497      (3,226,186)        (2,643,886)




                                                                                     Annual Report 2024       241
 DEFINITIONS

 “AA”                              alopecia areata, a common, distressing autoimmune disease in which immune
                                   cells in the body attack hair follicles, causing hair loss


 “AACR”                            American Association for Cancer Research


 “ADC(s)”                          antibody drug conjugate(s)


 “ADCC”                            antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity


 “AIDD”                            AI-driven drug design


 “Annual Results                   the annual results announcement for the year ended December 31, 2024 of the
   Announcement”                   Company dated March 24, 2025

 “Articles of Association”         the articles of association of the Company


 “ASCO”                            American Society of Clinical Oncology


 “associate(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


 “Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board


 “BC”                              breast cancer


 “BICR”                            blinded independent central review


 “Board of Directors” or “Board”   our board of Directors


 “bsAb(s)”                         bispecific antibodies


 “bsADC”                           bispecific ADC(s)

 “CC”                              cervical cancer


 “CDE”                             Center for Drug Evaluation


 “CG Code”                         the “Corporate Governance Code” as contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                   Rules


 “cGMP”                            current good manufacturing practice


 “China” or “PRC”                  the People’s Republic of China, which for the purpose of this Annual Report
                                   and for geographical reference only and except where the context requires,
                                   excludes Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan




242       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                          DEFINITIONS


“China Kelun Resources”        China Resources Kelun (Sichuan) Medicine Limited ( 華 潤 科 倫 醫 藥（四 川）有
                               限 公 司 ) (former name: Sichuan Kelun Medicine & Trade Group Co. Ltd. ( 四
                               川 科 倫 醫 藥 貿 易 集 團 有 限 公 司 )), an associate of Mr. LIU Sichuan and a
                               connected person to us


“CLDN18.2”                     Claudin 18.2, a member of the Claudin protein family


“close associate(s)”           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“CMC”                          chemistry, manufacturing and controls, also commonly referred to as process
                               development, which covers the various procedures used to assess the physical
                               and chemical characteristics of drug products, and to ensure their quality and
                               consistency during manufacturing


“Companies Ordinance”          the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (as amended
                               from time to time)


“Company”, “our Company”,      Sichuan Kelun-Biotech Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 倫 博 泰 生 物 醫
  “the Company”,               藥 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a joint stock company established in the PRC with limited
  “Kelun-Biotech”,             liability on November 22, 2016 and the H Shares of which are listed on the
  “we” or “us”                 Stock Exchange (stock code: 6990) and which includes its subsidiaries (from
                               time to time) where the context so requires


“connected person(s)”          has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“connected transaction(s)”     has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“continuing connected          has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules
  transaction(s)”


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                               otherwise requires, refers to Kelun Pharmaceutical, Kelun International, the
                               Employee Incentive Platforms and Mr. LIU Gexin


“COPD”                         chronic obstructive pulmonary disease


“Core Products”                has the meaning ascribed thereto in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules; for the
                               purpose of this Annual Report, our Core Products refer to SKB264 and A166


“CRC”                          colorectal cancer


“CRO”                          contract research organization


“CSCO”                         Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   243
 DEFINITIONS


 “CSRC”                           the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( 中 國 證 券 監 督 管 理 委 員 會 )


 “CRPC”                           castration-resistant prostate cancer


 “DAC(s)”                         degrader-antibody conjugate(s)


 “DAR”                            drug-to-antibody ratio, the average number of drugs conjugated to the
                                  antibodies


 “DC(s)”                          drug conjugate(s)


 “DCR”                            disease control rate, the total proportion of patients who demonstrate a
                                  response to treatment, equal to the sum of complete responses (CR), partial
                                  responses (PR) and stable disease (SD)


 “Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company


 “Domestic Share(s)”              ordinary shares in the share capital of our Company, with a nominal value of
                                  RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and paid up in RMB


 “DoR”                            duration of response


 “EC”                             endometrial carcinoma


 “EGFR”                           epidermal growth factor receptor


 “Ellipses Pharma”                Ellipses Pharma Limited


 “Employee Incentive Platforms”   Kelun Huicai, Kelun Huide, Kelun Huineng and Kelun Huizhi


 “ESMO”                           European Society for Medical Oncology


 “ET”                             endocrine therapy


 “FAS”                            full analysis set


 “FDA”                            the United States Food and Drug Administration


 “FIC”                            first-in-class


 “first/second/third-line” or     the first/second/third line treatment
      “1/2/3L”




244      SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                         DEFINITIONS


“Frost & Sullivan”             Frost & Sullivan (Beijing) Inc., Shanghai Branch Co., an independent market,
                               research and consulting company


“FXI/FXIα”                     factor XI, a type of blood protein playing a role in aiding the blood to clot.
                               Factor XIα, one of the enzymes of the coagulation cascade. FXI is the
                               zymogen form of FXIα


“GC”                           gastric cancer


“GEA”                          gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma


“GEJ”                          gastroesophageal junction


“GI”                           gastrointestinal


“Global Offering”              the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering (each as defined
                               in the Prospectus)


“Greater China”                the PRC, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan


“Group”, “our Group” or “the   our Company and its subsidiaries
  Group”


“GU”                           genitourinary


“H Share(s)”                   overseas listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company
                               with nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the Stock Exchange


“H Share Registrar”            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited


“Harbour BioMed”               Harbour BioMed Therapeutics Limited, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
                               HBM Holdings Limited ( 和 鉑 醫 藥 控 股 有 限 公 司 ), a company listed on the
                               Stock Exchange (stock code: 02142)


“HER2”                         human epidermal growth factor receptor 2


“HK$” or “HKD”                 Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


“HNSCC”                        head and neck squamous cell carcinoma


“Hong Kong”                    the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“HR”                           hormone receptor


“iADC(s)”                      immunostimulatory ADC(s)



                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     245
 DEFINITIONS


 “IFRS”                           International Financial Reporting Standards


 “IND”                            investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also known as
                                  clinical trial application in China or the U.S.


 “IRC”                            independent review committee


 “JAK1/2”                         Janus kinase 1 or Janus kinase 2


 “Kelun Group”                    Kelun Pharmaceutical and all of its subsidiaries


 “Kelun Huicai”                   Chengdu Kelun Huicai Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership ( 成
                                  都 科 倫 匯 才 企 業 管 理 中 心（有 限 合 夥 )), a limited partnership established in
                                  the PRC on August 26, 2016, of which Kelun Jingchuan is the sole general
                                  partner, one of our Employee Incentive Platforms


 “Kelun Huide”                    Chengdu Kelun Huide Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership ( 成
                                  都 科 倫 匯 德 企 業 管 理 中 心（有 限 合 夥 )), a limited partnership established in
                                  the PRC on August 26, 2016, of which Kelun Jingchuan is the sole general
                                  partner, one of our Employee Incentive Platforms


 “Kelun Huineng”                  Chengdu Kelun Huineng Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership
                                  ( 成 都 科 倫 匯 能 企 業 管 理 中 心（有 限 合 夥 )), a limited partnership established
                                  in the PRC on August 26, 2016, of which Kelun Jingchuan is the sole general
                                  partner, one of our Employee Incentive Platforms


 “Kelun Huizhi”                   Chengdu Kelun Huizhi Enterprise Management Center Limited Partnership ( 成
                                  都 科 倫 匯 智 企 業 管 理 中 心（有 限 合 夥 )), a limited partnership established in
                                  the PRC on August 26, 2016, of which Kelun Jingchuan is the sole general
                                  partner, one of our Employee Incentive Platforms


 “Kelun International”            Kelun International Development Co., Limited ( 科 倫 國 際 發 展 有 限 公 司 ), a
                                  whollyowned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical incorporated in Hong Kong,
                                  one of our Controlling Shareholders upon Listing


 “Kelun Jingchuan”                Chengdu Kelun Jingchuan Technology Co., Ltd. ( 成 都 科 倫 晶 川 科 技 有 限 公
                                  司 ), a limited liability company established under the laws of PRC on August
                                  17, 2016 and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical


 “Kelun Pharmaceutical”           Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 倫 藥 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a
                                  company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002422), one of
                                  our Controlling Shareholders


 “Kelun Precision”                Chengdu Kelun Precision Biotechnology Co. ( 成 都 科 倫 精 準 生 物 科 技 有 限
                                  公 司 ), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability, and a wholly-
                                  owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical

246       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                          DEFINITIONS


“Kelun Research Institute”   Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Research Institute Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 倫 藥 物 研
                             究 院 有 限 公 司 ), a limited liability company established under the laws of PRC
                             on October 16, 1998 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kelun Pharmaceutical


“Key Products”               SKB315, SKB410/MK-3120, SKB518, tagitanlimab, Cetuximab N01 and A400/
                             EP0031


“KLUS PHARMA”                KLUS PHARMA INC., a corporation with limited liability incorporated in
                             the State of New Jersey, the United States on October 31, 2014 and a
                             wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


“Latest Practicable Date”    April 11, 2025, being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this
                             Annual Report for the purpose of ascertaining certain information contained
                             herein


“LC”                         lung cancer


“Listing”                    the listing of our H Shares on the Stock Exchange on July 11, 2023


“Listing Date”               July 11, 2023


“Listing Rules”              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                             Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                             time


“mAb(s)”                     monoclonal antibody(ies)


“Macau”                      the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Main Board”                 the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                             Exchange, which is independent from and operated in parallel with Growth
                             Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange


“mCRC”                       metastatic colorectal cancer


“Model Code”                 the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers” set
                             out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“MSD”                        Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC together with its affiliates


“MTC”                        medullary thyroid cancer


“NDA”                        new drug application




                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     247
 DEFINITIONS


 “NMPA”                           the National Medical Products Administration ( 國 家 藥 品 監 督 管 理 局 ) and its
                                  predecessor, the China Food and Drug Administration ( 國 家 食 品 藥 品 監 督 管
                                  理總局)


 “NPC”                            nasopharyngeal cancer


 “NSCLC”                          non-small cell lung cancer


 “OC”                             ovarian cancer


 “ORR”                            objective response rate, the proportion of patients with a complete response or
                                  partial response to treatment


 “OS” or “overall survival”       the length of time from either the date of diagnosis or the start of treatment for
                                  a disease that patients diagnosed with the disease are still alive, used in clinical
                                  trials as a measurement of a drug’s effectiveness


 “Over-Allotment Option”          the over-allotment option which had been granted by the Company to the
                                  relevant underwriters to allot and issue up to an aggregate of 3,366,900
                                  additional H Shares, representing 15% of the offer shares initially available
                                  under the Global Offering


 “pCR”                            pathological complete response


 “PD-1”                           programmed cell death protein 1


 “PD-L1”                          PD-1 ligand 1


 “PD-(L)1”                        PD-1 or PD-L1


 “PFS”                            progression-free survival, the length of time during and after the treatment that
                                  a patient lives without the disease getting worse


 “Placing”                        the placing of 3,648,600 new H Shares by the Placing Agents on the terms and
                                  subject to the conditions of the placing agreement entered into between the
                                  Company and the Placing Agents on May 8, 2024


 “Placing Agents”                 Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Citigroup Global Markets Limited and J.P.
                                  Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited


 “PRC Company Law”                the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (中 華 人 民 共 和 國 公 司 法)


 “Pre-IPO Employee Incentive      the pre-IPO employee incentive scheme of the Company approved and
      Scheme”                     adopted by the Board in 2016, as amended from time to time




248       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
                                                                                    DEFINITIONS


“Pre-IPO Investments”     the Series A Financing and Series B Financing as defined in the Prospectus


“Prospectus”              the prospectus issued by the Company dated June 29, 2023


“PROTAC”                  proteolysis targeting chimera, a heterobifunctional small molecule composed
                          of wo active domains and a linker, capable of removing specific unwanted
                          proteins


“RAS”                     rat sarcoma virus


“RDC(s)”                  radionuclide drug conjugate(s)


“Remaining Kelun Group”   Kelun Pharmaceutical and its subsidiaries, excluding the Group


“Reporting Period”        the year ended December 31, 2024


“RET”                     rearranged during transfection, a proto-oncogene, i.e., a gene that promotes
                          cancer formation when altered by mutations or rearrangements. RET alterations
                          have been reported to be a major oncogenic driver in about 2% of all cancers,
                          most notably in NSCLC and MTC


“RMB”                     Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“SFO”                     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (as
                          amended from time to time)


“Share(s)”                ordinary shares in the share capital of our Company with a nominal value of
                          RMB1.00 each


“Shareholder(s)”          holder(s) of the Shares


“Sichuan Konas”           Sichuan Konas Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 科 納 斯 製 藥 有 限 公 司 ), a
                          limited liability company established in the PRC on September 30, 2016 and a
                          whollyowned subsidiary of our Company


“STING”                   stimulator of interferon genes


“Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“Subscription”            the subscription of 4,423,870 new Domestic Shares by Kelun Pharmaceutical
                          (as subscriber) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the subscription
                          agreement entered into between the Company and the Kelun Pharmaceutical
                          on May 8, 2024




                                                                                Annual Report 2024     249
 DEFINITIONS


 “subsidiary(ies)”                has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


 “substantial shareholder(s)”     has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


 “Supervisor(s)”                  member(s) of the supervisory committee of the Company


 “TAA”                            tumor-associated antigen, an antigen with elevated level on tumor cells and
                                  lower levels on normal cells


 “TAA-IO bsAbs”                   tumor-associated-immuno-oncology bispecific antibodies, a type of bispecific
                                  antibodies with dual targeting ability against a certain tumor-associated antigen
                                  on tumor cells and a certain immune-oncology antigen involved in antitumor
                                  immune response, such as an immune checkpoint protein


 “TKI”                            tyrosine kinase inhibitor


 “TNBC”                           triple-negative breast cancer


 “TPC”                            treatment of physician’s choice


 “TROP2”                          human trophoblast cell-surface antigen 2, which is a transmembrane protein
                                  frequently over-expressed in many types of solid tumors


 “TSLP”                           thymic stromal lymphopoietin


 “UC”                             urothelial cancer


 “Unlisted Foreign Share(s)”      unlisted ordinary Share(s) issued by the Company, with a nominal value of
                                  RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for in a currency other than RMB


 “Unlisted Share(s)”              Domestic Share(s) and/or Unlisted Foreign Share(s)


 “US” or “U.S.” or                the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
      “United States”             subject to its jurisdiction


 “US$” or “USD”                   United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


 “Windward Bio”                   Windward Bio AG


 “%”                              per cent




250       SICHUAN KELUN-BIOTECH BIOPHARMACEUTICAL CO., LTD.
