Adding value.
Delivering
difference.
Admiral Group plc
Annual Report and Accounts 2022
2022 Financial and Strategic Highlights


Financial Highlights
Groups profit before tax1,2,3                       EPS1,2,3 (pence)


£469.0m                                             124.3p
 2022                        £469.0m                 2022                  124.3p
 2021                                    £769.0m*    2021                              212.2p
 2020                                £608.0m         2020                        170.7p
*£713m including restructure costs



ROE1,2,3                                            Net revenue1                                 Turnover1,3


35%                                                 £1.49bn                                      £3.68bn
 2022                         35%                    2022                             £1.49bn     2022                                          £3.68bn
 2021                                    56%         2021                              £1.55bn    2021                                         £3.51bn
 2020                                  52%           2020                           £1.31bn       2020                                         £3.51bn



Customers3 (million)                                Dividend per share (pence)                   Solvency ratio3 (post dividend)


9.28m                                               112.0p                                       180%
 2022                                    9.28m       2022                  112.0p                 2022                                       180%
 2021                                  8.36m         2021                              187.0p     2021                                          195%
 2020                                7.66m           2020                           156.5p        2020                                         187%




                                                                                                 1 Group profit before tax, Earnings per share, Group turnover,
                                                                                                   Group net revenue and Return on equity are presented on

    Sustainability Highlights                                                                      a continuing operations basis
                                                                                                 2 Group profit before tax, Earnings per share and Return
                                                                                                   on equity exclude the impact of one-off restructure costs
                                                                                                   in 2021 totalling £55.5 million
    Gender split across the Group                                                                3 Alternative Performance Measures, see page 306


    50%                              50%
                                                                                                 4 Relational NPS, methodology updated in 2022

                      (Female)                   (Male)
    (2021: 51% female, 49% male)

    Emissions (tonnes C02 per employee)


    0.3           tonnes
    (2021: 0.5 tonnes)


    Net Promoter Score (NPS) Group average
    across our operations4


    >50
    (2021: >50)
                                                                                                                                1




   Adding value.                                                           Contents
                                                                                                                              Company Overview
   Delivering
                                                                           Company Overview
                                                                           4     About us
                                                                           6     Our Business Model



   difference.
                                                                           8     What we do
                                                                           9     The drivers of our success




                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
                                                                           12    Creating value for our stakeholders

                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                                           16 Chair’s Statement
                                                                           20 Chief Executive Officer’s statement
                                                                           24	Q&A with Milena, Geraint, Cristina
   Our purpose as a business, and the                                          and Costantino
                                                                           28 Our Strategy
   reason we exist, is to ‘Help more


                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                           38 Our Sustainability Approach

   people to look after their future.                                      40 Key Performance Indicators
                                                                           41 2022 Awards

   Always striving for better, together’.                                  42 Group Chief Financial Officer’s review
                                                                           48 UK Insurance review
   It defines who we are, and the way                                      56 International Insurance review
                                                                           61 Admiral Money review
   that we do things.                                                      63 Other Group Items
                                                                           64	Group Capital Structure and




                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                                                                               Financial Position
                                                                           68	Creating Sustainable Value for
                                                                               our Stakeholders
                                                                           95	Streamline Energy and Carbon Reporting
                                                                           97	Task Force on Climate-related
                                                                               Financial Disclosures
                                                                           112 Section 172 Statement
                                                                           113 Non-financial information statement
                                                                           114 Principal Risks and Uncertainties
                                                                           122 Viability Statement




                                                                                                                              Additional Information
                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                                           126   Governance at a glance
                                                                           128   Introduction to Governance
                                                                           130   Board of Directors
                                                                           136   Governance Report
                                                                           158   Nomination and Governance Committee
                                                                           171   Audit Committee Report
                                                                           178   Group Risk Committee Report
   For our people...                                For our customers...   183   Remuneration Committee Report
                                                                           186   Remuneration at a Glance
        See page 77                                   See page 74          187   Directors’ Remuneration Policy
                                                                           196   Annual Report on Remuneration
                                                                           210   Directors’ Report

                                                                           Financial Statements
                                                                           215 Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                           226 Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                           227	Consolidated Statement of
                                                                                Comprehensive Income
                                                                           228 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                           229 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                           230 Consolidated Statement of Change in Equity
                                                                           231 Notes to the Financial Statements
   For our                                          For our                293 Parent company financial statements

   communities...                                   shareholders...        296	Notes to the Parent Company
                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                                           304 Consolidated Financial Summary (unaudited)
        See page 87                                   See page 85
                                                                           Additional Information
                                                                           306 Glossary




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
2   Company Overview




    Company
    Overview
    Contents
    4    About us
    6    Our Business Model
    8    What we do
    9    The drivers of our success
    12   Creating value for our stakeholders




                                               Our purpose-led approach
                                               Help more people to look
                                               after their future. Always
                                               striving for better, together.
                                               We focus on doing the right thing. Our purpose defines the
                                               reason why we exist, and the way that we do things. We try to
                                               be there to help and to provide reassurance, support and relief
                                               when our customers need it most. We price our products fairly
                                               and competitively to provide good financial value and make
                                               sure customers can access the right kind of services. We help
                                               protect individuals’ cars and homes to protect people’s futures
                                               – all whilst providing an environment where our colleagues
                                               can grow, and strive to do better every day.




                                                                                         4th
                                                                                    Best company to
                                                                                    work for in 2022




                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                    3




                                                                                                                                  Company Overview
   Helping protect UK homes
   from water damage
   Admiral has partnered with Ondo and their LeakBot services
   this year to help our UK Household customers avoid costly
   water leaks. LeakBot is a smart water leak detector that
   monitors an entire home’s plumbing and requires no
   professional installation. The device uses its technology to



                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
   measure the flow of water and alerts the customer via their
   smart phone or tablet about any non-routine water loss.
   We are currently offering LeakBot to 20,000 Platinum
   Household customers on a trial basis. Selected customers
   will receive a LeakBot device at no cost as well as one
   free LeakBot engineer visit if a leak is detected.




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance




                                                                  Helping drive positive impact in


                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                                                                  communities across the globe
                                                                  In response to some of the devastating global weather
                                                                  events in 2022, we launched a new Global Emergency Fund
                                                                  to provide help to those affected.
                                                                  In Pakistan, where flooding impacted over 30 million people,
                                                                  we donated £50,000 to the British Red Cross to aid their
                                                                  Pakistan Flood appeal. This donation is expected to help




                                                                                                                                  Additional Information
                                                                  3,500 people by providing them with warm clothing ahead
                                                                  of the winter months.
                                                                  We also saw the devastating impacts of Hurricane Fiona across
                                                                  Atlantic Canada. Thousands of our colleagues, their families
                                                                  and communities were left without power due to fallen
                                                                  trees and downed powerlines. We donated $150,000 to the
                                                                  Canadian Red Cross Hurricane Fiona Appeal, Feed Nova Scotia
                                                                  and a number of other employee-nominated charities to give
                                                                  relief to those affected.




   Helping our people grow
   We launched a new leadership and skills development
   hub in 2022 to help give employees the right guidance,
   support, and skills development opportunities.
   The hub provides access to a range of development courses
   and programmes from both our internal development
   teams and external sources. Courses and content within
   the hub are updated regularly and if an employee feels
   confident with the skills they have developed at their
   current level they can access resources within the following
   level. The hub was built on a framework which aims to make
   development and career progression planning easier for all.
   Colleagues currently have access to over 17,000 courses,
   as well as access to the LinkedIn Learning platform.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
4   Company Overview




    About us


    Admiral Group plc is a global financial                 Admiral Group plc is
                                                            headquartered in Cardiff,

    services company offering motor,                        South Wales, and is proud
                                                            to be Wales’ only FTSE

    household, travel and pet insurance,
                                                            100 company. We have
                                                            a strong international
                                                            presence, with offices in
    as well as personal lending products.                   countries including France,
                                                            Italy, Spain, US, Canada,
                                                            Gibraltar and India.
                                                            5 Alternative Performance Measures
    Our business segments                                     – refer to the end of the report for
                                                              definition and explanation




      UK Motor                                              Admiral is one of the
                                                            largest car and van
      Insurance                                             insurers in the UK.

                                                            Customers (million)

                                                            4.94m
                                                            (2021: 4.97 million)


                                                            Turnover5 (billion)

                                                            £2.49bn
                                                            (2021: £2.52 billion)


                                                            Net insurance premium
                                                            revenue (million)

                                                            £471.0m
                                                            (2021: £496.5 million)




      UK Household                                          Admiral has a
                                                            growing household
      Insurance                                             insurance business.

                                                            Customers (million)

                                                            1.58m
                                                            (2021: 1.32million)


                                                            Turnover5 (billion)

                                                            £255.4m
                                                            (2021: £218.8 million)


                                                            Net insurance premium
                                                            revenue (million)

                                                            £55.6m
                                                            (2021: £49.1 million)



                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                               5




                                                                                                             Company Overview



   People employed globally                    Customers worldwide   Turnover worldwide5:



   >11,000 9.28m                                                     £3.68bn                                 Strategic Report




                                                                                                             Corporate Governance


   International                                                                  Admiral has motor
                                                                                  insurance businesses
   Insurance


                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                                                                                  in Spain, Italy, France,
                                                                                  and the US and a small
                                                                                  household insurance
                                                                                  business in France.
                                                                                  Customers (million)

                                                                                  2.04m
                                                                                  (2021: 1.81 million)




                                                                                                             Additional Information
                                                                                  Turnover5 (million)

                                                                                  £795.9m
                                                                                  (2021: £690.3 million)

                                                                                  Net insurance premium
                                                                                  revenue (million)

                                                                                  £241.8m
                                                                                  (2021: £221 million)




   Loans                                                                          Admiral offers unsecured
                                                                                  personal loans and car
                                                                                  finance products.

                                                                                  Customers (million)

                                                                                  143,213
                                                                                  (2021: 111,900)


                                                                                  Total Income (million)

                                                                                  £44.9m
                                                                                  (2021: £28.9 million)


                                                                                  Gross Balances (million)

                                                                                  £0.89bn
                                                                                  (2021: £0.61 billion)




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
6   Company Overview




    Our Business Model


    A strong, purpose-led business
    model that adds value and
    delivers difference.
                                                                                                  Read more on  
        1. Our purpose                               2. Leveraging                                page 8

                                                     on what we do

        Our purpose                                  UK Insurance
        Help more people                             Admiral is one of the largest motor
                                                     insurers in the UK. In addition, we are
        to look after                                rapidly growing our household, travel,
                                                     and pet insurance businesses.

        their future.
        Always striving for
        better, together.                            International Insurance
                                                     Admiral has established motor insurance
                                                     businesses in Spain, Italy, France and the
                                                     US, as well as a small Household business
                                                     in France.




                                                     Loans and other products
                                                     Admiral offers unsecured personal loans
                                                     and car finance products, as well as
                                                     comparison services in the US.




                                                              22%                                 3%
                                                     International                                Loans and
                                                         Insurance                                Other


                                                                           Total Turnover 6


                                                                      £3.68bn

                                                                         75% UK Insurance

    6 Alternative Performance Measure see page 306


                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 7




                                                                                                                                               Company Overview




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                              Read more on  
   3. Achieved through our drivers to success                                                                                 page 9




   Excellent                   Unique                     Operational               Efficient capital          Track record
   customer service            company culture            excellence                employment                 of long-term
   • Simple and                • Communication            • Good value              • Good risk                profitable growth
     clear communication                                    financial products        management




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                               • Equality                                                                      • Prudent reserving
   • Responsible sales         • Recognition and reward • Risk selection and        • Strong                     philosophy
     and transparent                                      data analytics              shareholder returns      • Test-and-learn approach
                               • Fun
     claims processes                                   • Efficient                                            • Responsible and
   • Satisfied customers                                  claims management                                      sustainable operations
                                                          • Financial discipline




                                                                                                                                               Additional Information
                                                                                                                              Read more on  
   4. In line with our strategic priorities                                                                                   page 28




   Accelerating                                     Diversification                                Evolution
   towards                                                                                         of Motor
   Admiral 2.0
   Aim: Strengthen our core                         Aim: Increase customer engagement              Aim: Evolve our propositions
   competencies and increase                        and business resilience.                       for changes in mobility.
   speed of delivery to best serve                  • Scale up promising products                  • Understand changes in mobility
   our customers.
                                                    • Strengthen customer proposition              • Evolve our proposition
   • Digital First
                                                    • Leverage core strengths                      • Develop competencies for the future
   • Scaled Agile
                                                    • Innovate in product design                   • Innovate in product design
   • Customer-Centric Innovation
   • Smart Working
   • Data and advanced analytics




                                                                                                                              Read more on  
   5. In order to create value for our stakeholders                                                                           page 74




   Customers                  People                Partners &              Shareholders         Communities              Environment
                                                    Suppliers

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
8   Company Overview




      Our Business Model
      What we do
                                                                                   Risk sharing
                                                                                   A key feature of our business model and success is
                                                                                   the use of extensive reinsurance and co-insurance
                                                                                   partnerships. These are proportional risk-sharing
                                                                                   agreements, where insurers outside of the Group
                                                                                   underwrite the majority of the risk generated,
                                                                                   either through co-insurance or quota share
                                                                                   reinsurance contracts. These arrangements include
                                                                                   profit commission terms which allow Admiral to
                                                                                   retain a significant portion of the profit generated.
                                                                                   Investing premiums
                                                                                   Admiral’s profitability is primarily generated by the
                                                                                   Group’s underwriting activities but we also generate
                                                                                   investment income by investing the premiums we
                           Insurance underwriting
                                                                                   collect. The majority of our profits are paid out in
                           Admiral Group’s primary business is to sell car, van,   dividends, with a proportion held back to pay for
                           home, travel, and pet insurance in the UK, Europe       our claims and future investment opportunities,
                           (Spain, France, Italy), and the US. The majority of     linked to the capital requirements for the business.
                           our customers buy our products through the price        Our investment strategy is focused on capital
                           comparison channel, with a smaller proportion of        preservation and low volatility of returns. Admiral has
        Read more about    customers buying directly from us, as well as the       an asset liability matching strategy to control interest
        our Co-insurance   broker and agency channels. In addition to our core
        and reinsurance                                                            rate, inflation, and currency risk. We hold a prudent
        on page 66         insurance products, we generate other revenue           level of liquidity and have a high-quality credit profile.
                           from the sale of ancillary add-ons and from fees
                           generated over the life cycle of a policy.              Unsecured personal lending, car finance,
        Read more about                                                            and other products
                           The Group’s core market is the UK, where we estimate
        our Investing on                                                           Outside of our insurance businesses, we sell a range
        page 65            we have 17% share of the private car insurance market
                           and a 7% share of the private home insurance market7.   of unsecured personal loans and car finance products
                           Outside of the UK, we leverage the knowledge, skills,   through the price comparison channel and via the
                           and resources from our established UK business to       Admiral website. Our core lending business operates
                           promote expansion overseas and grow both our            in the UK (under the Admiral Money brand) and is
                           international businesses and new ventures outside       funded through a combination of internal and external
                           of insurance underwriting.                              financing. Other businesses include a small price
                                                                                   comparison business in the US and a recently created
                                                                                   entity (operating under the Admiral Pioneer brand)
                                                                                   designed to test new products and identify future
                                                                                   sources of earnings.




                                                                                                            7 Based on 2022 data from the Association
                                                                                                              of British Insurers (ABI)

                                                                                         Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                           9




                                                                                                                                         Company Overview
                                                          Responsible sales and transparent

    Our Business Model                                    claims processes
                                                          We comply with all relevant regulatory requirements

    The drivers of                                        and actively review our practices to ensure we operate
                                                          in line with relevant policies. When selling insurance

    our success                                           products, we provide customers with key characteristic
                                                          information about our products, covering the most
                                                          crucial features and limitations. This makes sure



                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
    Our drivers of success are what                       customers can make informed decisions and can buy
                                                          the right products for their needs. This extends to
    we believe makes us different                         our claims practices where we work hard to deliver
    from our peers. They help us                          fair outcomes in a timely manner. We provide clear
    maximise the value we create                          guidance on the full claims process and make sure
    for our stakeholders and stand                        customers can easily reach us to resolve any issues.




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
    out as a go-to financial services                     Satisfied customers
    provider for our customers.                           We regularly measure customer satisfaction across
                                                          several key benchmarks to stay close to customers’
                                                          developing needs and better understand areas
                                                          where our service fails to meet expectations. We use
                                                          the globally recognised Net Promoter Score® (NPS)
                                                          as the key metric for measuring customer loyalty
Excellent Customer Service                                through customers’ willingness to recommend Admiral




                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
2022 has been a difficult year for the industry and for   Group’s brands. Obtaining regular customer feedback
Admiral. However, whilst we continue to experience        is core to the way we do business as it allows us to
difficult economic conditions, our focus on providing     understand what we are doing well but also enables
good customer service remains unchanged.                  us to identify the priority areas for improvement.
Simple and clear communication                            2022 Highlights
We aim to create simple insurance products which are      • >50 Group average NPS score across our operations8
easily understood and accessible to all. We promote       • Voted Best Big Insurance Company in the UK
an inclusive experience and make sure customers             Insurance Choice Awards




                                                                                                                                         Additional Information
can reach us at any point, whether that be digitally,
or over the phone. We also acknowledge that individual    • Number 1 Ranked Italian insurer on Trustpilot
customers may have different needs when it comes
to being informed about our products. Our Vulnerable
Customer Policy allows for an appropriate system
to be implemented identify vulnerable customers and
                                                                       Household insurance teams
ensures sufficient controls are in place so that these                 support customers impacted
customers receive appropriate support.                                 by extreme weather
                                                                       This year, a number of extreme weather events devastated
                                                                       communities across the world. At the start of 2022, we saw
                                                                       catastrophic storms and flooding hit areas of the UK. We took
                                                                       a proactive approach to protecting our customers during
                                                                       this time. Before the storms made landfall, our Household
                                                                       insurance team contacted all customers who held policies
                                                                       in areas of risk. We explained the risks of possible flooding
                                                                       and asked if any help was required. Throughout the period,
                                                                       we continued to monitor flood warnings and added
                                                                       customers to our contact list if their risk exposure were
                                                                       to increase.
                                                                       During storms Dudley, Eunice and Franklin, we made sure that
                                                                       enough support was in place for what we knew would be an
                                                                       influx of customers contacting us. This included enlisting help
                                                                       from employees across the business, including our offices in
                                                                       Delhi, to manage the increased number of calls. We made
                                                                       calling to make a claim easy with online banners and
                                                                       increased the number of employees on phones and webchat
                                                                       to assist with questions from customers.
                                                                       Similarly, in Gironde, southern France, we saw wildfires cause
                                                                       damage across the region. Our French Household business
                                                                       quickly contacted customers affected by these fires and
                                                                       made sure they were given quick access to alternative
                                                                       accommodation in cases where they were displaced.
8 Relational NPS, methodology updated
  in 2022

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
10   Company Overview




                                                                                                      Equality

         Our Business Model                                                                           We view all of our people as being equally important
                                                                                                      to the business regardless of their position, gender,

         The drivers of                                                                               or background. We strive to promote a sense of
                                                                                                      fairness in everything we do and to provide an

         our success
                                                                                                      environment where everyone has the opportunity
                                                                                                      to succeed. In particular, we have multiple Diversity
                                                                                                      and Inclusion working groups made up of employees
         continued                                                                                    across the business. These working groups exist
                                                                                                      to give a voice to all our colleagues and empower
                                                                                                      them to play an active role in shaping our employee
                                                                                                      propositions and policies.
                                                                                                      Recognition and Reward
                                                                                                      Admiral’s share ownership scheme is a core foundation
                                                                                                      of our culture and plays an important role in employee
                                                                                                      recognition and reward. We believe that a company
                                                                                                      works best if people feel like they own a part of their
                                                                                                      company, and so through the scheme, all employees
                                                                                                      that have been with the company for more than a year
                                                                                                      become shareholders in Admiral.

                                    Unique company culture                                            Fun
                                    Over time, we’ve come to believe strongly that                    If people like what they do, they do it better. This mantra
                                    creating a great place for our people to work goes                has been at the core of Admiral’s culture since day one.
            Read more in
            Our Customers           a long way towards building long-term commercial                  We encourage our colleagues to spend time together
            on page 74
                                    success. We believe that Admiral’s culture and the                and get to know each other. We dedicate resources
                                    four pillars of our culture, are the foundation for why           to our own Ministry of Fun (MOF). The MOF helps to
                                    our people enjoy coming into work every day and                   organise various events for people to participate in
                                    why Admiral is celebrated as a great place to work.               and gives them something fun to look forward to.

                                    Communication                                                     2022 Highlights
                                    We encourage a culture of open and transparent                    • 86% of colleagues believe Admiral is a great place
                                    communication at all levels of the business. We ask                 to work9
                                    colleagues to give us their suggestions on how we can             • 88% of colleagues feel that management is
                                    improve, tell us how they are feeling, and the ways in              approachable and easy to talk to10
                                    which we can help. Our Group CEO, Milena Mondini,                 • 96% of people feel that people are treated fairly
                                    operates an open-door policy and regularly engages                  regardless of their race11
                                    with colleagues through the ‘Ask Milena’ initiative.
                                    This philosophy extends to our senior managers and
                                    directors who also engage regularly with our colleagues
                                    to keep them informed on what is happening in the
                                    business and answer their questions.



                                                    Top 10 returns!
                                                    Top 10 is Admiral’s annual departmental competition to
                                                    crown the best 10 departments across the organisation.
                                                    Each year departments are tasked with creating a video
                                                    or in-person show and answer a set of questions surrounding
                                                    a core theme.
                                                    In 2022 the theme was based on our purpose ‘Help more
                                                    people look after their future. Always striving for better together’.
                                                    In particular, departments had to answer the following:
                                                    “How does your department represent and demonstrate
                                                    Admiral Group’s purpose statement?”. This year teams
                                                    were encouraged to be as creative as possible, and we had
                                                    submissions that went above and beyond and included
                                                    themes such as The Grinch, I’m a Celebrity Get Me Out of
                                                    Here, and Jurassic Park.
                                                    The results ceremony was back in-person for the first time
                                                    since 2019, giving a great opportunity for colleagues to get
     9 Great Place to Work Survey result
                                                    back together and celebrate.
     10 Great Place to Work Survey result
     11 Great Place to Work Survey result

                                                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                      11




                                                                                                                      Company Overview
Operational Excellence                                     We include an assessment of the projected solvency
                                                           of the business as part of the capital plan and
Good value financial products
                                                           Own Risk and Solvency Assessment. This includes
We take great pride in providing good value financial      consideration of principal risks facing the Group,
products and services that meet customer needs.            as well as consideration of emerging risks such as
Through our existing products we actively work             climate change.
to maximise the value of our core businesses and
with new products, seek to lay the foundations for         Strong shareholder returns



                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
future growth.                                             We are committed to returning excess capital to
                                                           shareholders. We believe that with limited cash,
Risk selection and data analytics
                                                           management remains focused on the most important
Our unique approach to risk selection is built upon        aspects of the business. We don’t starve our business,
large amounts of claims experience, underwriting           but neither do we provide them the luxury of
skill, and increasingly, on insights from big data         excess capital.
and analytics. We take a data-driven approach in




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
everything we do, and it is the foundation behind          Track record of long-term, profitable growth
our business decision-making.                              Test-and-learn approach
Efficient claims management                                Admiral has a strong culture of innovation and organic
Our efficient claims management is backed by a culture     growth. All our businesses have been built from the
of continuous improvement, proactive engagement,           ground up. We identify and understand opportunities;
decades of experience in claims handling, and great        take measured steps to test our understanding of
customer service.                                          the challenges and effectiveness of our solutions;
                                                           and learn from these experiences.
Financial discipline



                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
                                                           Prudent approach and reserving philosophy
Admiral is focused on bottom line profitability
and building sustainable businesses in the long-           Our track record of success is in part due to our
term. This focus guides decisions made across our          robust reserving approach, where we hold prudent
operations. Our cost-conscious approach is strongly        reserves which we release over time as we gain more
embedded across the organisation given our                 information on the development of claims or defaults
employees are also shareholders and this translates        across our insurance and loans businesses respectively.
to a competitive expense ratio.                            In addition, we continuously improve and build on our
                                                           key competitive advantages including cost efficiency,




                                                                                                                      Additional Information
Efficient Capital Employment                               risk selection, data analytics, digital capabilities and
Risk management                                            claims management effectiveness.
Admiral shares a large proportion of risk with             Responsible and sustainable operations
co- and reinsurance partners. These partnerships           Central to our approach towards long-term value
are underpinned by a long track-record of strong           creation is our continued dedication to drive positive
underwriting results. Sharing risk allows us to hold       outcomes for all our stakeholders. We appreciate
less capital due to bearing less risk, giving a superior   that our stakeholders’ needs evolve over time, and we
return on capital for our shareholders whilst ensuring     consciously adapt to remain a responsible, sustainable
protection for losses.                                     business for the long-term.
                                                           2022 Highlights
                                                           • 50% Average combined ratio over the past
                                                             five years12
                                                           • 47% of customers are now from non-UK
                                                             Motor businesses
                                                           • 180% Solvency Ratio




12 Weighted average

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
12   Company Overview




       Our Business Model
       Creating value for
       our stakeholders

       We are dedicated to building
       strong and sustainable
       businesses that are focused
       on achieving positive outcomes
       for all our stakeholders.


       Our Customers                         Our People                                Our Business:
                                                                                       Partners and Suppliers




       Customers are at the heart            We believe that people who                Our partners and suppliers
       of our business. As a customer-       like what they do, do it better.          are integral to us achieving our
       centric organisation, we seek         This attitude enables our test-           strategic goals. They comprise
       to create products that               and-learn culture, operational            a mix of financial partners,
       provide more people with the          excellence, happier and                   reinsurance partners,
       opportunity to access good            more productive employees,                IT hosting, distribution and
       financial services products.          and ultimately better                     claims services partners.
       The needs of our customers            outcomes for our customers                We work hard to foster
       shape the products we deliver,        and stakeholders.                         strong relationships to
       and the ways in which we do so.                                                 mitigate risks across our
                                                                                       businesses and to deliver
                                                                                       on our strategic ambitions.

       Value created in 2022                 Value created in 2022                     Value created in 2022
       • We launched a new claims system     • We strengthened our reward              • Admiral Pioneer invested in
         for our UK Motor customers            package for colleagues                    Wagonex, a subscription-based
       • We added our MultiCar proposition   • We upgraded our learning and              platform for car manufacturers
         to price comparison platforms         development platform                    • We formed new strategic
       • We supported UK and French          • We launched a new health and              partnerships with industry-leading
         Household customers impacted          wellbeing strategy focused on             suppliers across the UK
         by floods                             mental health                           • We partnered with Ondo’s LeakBot
       • We continued to provide fair        • We improved the Group’s                   services to protect customers from
         and affordable products across        recruitment onboarding platform           water leaks
         the Group                           • Members of the Group Board
       • We launched Admiral Pet in the UK     engaged with employees via the
                                               Employee Consultation Group



                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                      13




                                                                                                                                      Company Overview




                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                          Read more about how we engage with and
                                                                                          create value for stakeholders, on page 68




   Our Business:                                    Our Society:                        Our Society:
   Shareholders                                     Communities                         Environment



                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                      Additional Information
   Shareholder engagement                       A culture of giving and a               Admiral is mindful that it
   is key to helping investors                  sense of responsibility for             is increasingly important
   understand Admiral’s strategy                the community is shared                 to demonstrate responsible
   and investment case. It allows               across the whole Group.                 business behaviour with
   us to explain our decisions and              Our employees play a key                regards to the environment,
   rationale, whilst providing                  role in how we engage with              not just because our
   opportunities for shareholders               our communities, and we                 stakeholders demand it,
   to give their feedback.                      work collectively to drive              but also because it is the
                                                long-term change both inside            right thing to do.
                                                and outside the Group.



   Value created in 2022                        Value created in 2022                   Value created in 2022
   • Management actively engaged                • We launched a new Community           • We launched a climate positive
     with existing shareholders and               Strategy focused on getting more        employee engagement programme
     potential investors                          people into sustainable work          • We funded the planting and
   • We organised a shareholder                 • We introduced a new Global              monitoring of over 30,000 trees
     and analyst education session                Emergency Fund to support               in Kenya
     to help them navigate the                    communities across the globe          • We partnered with Carbon
     introduction of the new IFRS17             • We supported over 200                   Intelligence to support us in our
     accounting standard                          organisations via our long-standing     net zero ambitions
   • The Group Chair and Senior                   community match fund                  • We installed electric vehicle
     Independent Director held                  • We worked with several charities        charging points in our offices
     corporate governance meetings                to provide employees with access      • We fully offset our carbon emissions
     with key shareholders                        to volunteer initiatives                via the purchase of Gold Standard
                                                                                          carbon credits


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
14   Strategic Report




     Strategic                                            Adding value.
                                                          Delivering
     Report                                               difference.
     Contents
                                                          For our customers
     16  Chair’s Statement
     20  Chief Executive Statement
     24	Q&A with Milena, Geraint, Cristina
         and Costantino
     28  Our Strategy
     38  Our Sustainability Approach
     40  Key Performance Indicators
     41  2022 Awards
     42  Group Chief Financial Officers Review
     48  UK Insurance review
     56  International Insurance review                   It’s the little things that add up
     61  Admiral Money review
                                                          We recently had a customer, Mr Doyle, who called to renew
     63  Other Group Items
                                                          his van insurance. During the call, he chatted to Leeanne,
     64  Group capital structure and financial position   our Customer Loyalty agent, about his love of dogs and
     68	Creating Sustainable Value for                   what he’d like to use the van for.
         our Stakeholders
     95  Streamline Energy and Carbon Reporting           Connect to Customer is a goodwill initiative that enables
                                                          Customer Loyalty colleagues to send gifts or cards,
     97	Task Force on Climate-related
                                                          after interactions with customers. Thanks to Leeanne’s
         Financial Disclosures
                                                          thoughtful suggestion, they sent a parcel of dog treats
     112 Section 172 statement                            and toys to our customer Mr Doyle, who quickly took to
     113 Non-financial information statement              LinkedIn to sing her praises.
     114 Principal Risks and Uncertainties
                                                          “Mr Doyle explained he’d lost his family dog Jessie and that
     122 Viability Statement
                                                          he calls his van ‘the Jessie van’. He went on to say that if he
                                                          ever won the lottery, his dream would be to have a rescue
                                                          centre where he would employ people to cuddle the dogs
                                                          and give them the love they deserve. That made the hair
                                                          on my arms stand up, I knew I had to do a little something.
                                                          That’s when I decided to email our Connect to Customer
                                                          team with a message asking to send Mr Doyle blankets,
                                                          treats and some toys for the animals he would rescue.
                                                          He was so passionate about helping less fortunate dogs,
                                                          he was very genuine and a lovely man to speak with.”




                                                                           Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                     15




                                                                                                                     Company Overview




                                                                                                                     Strategic Report




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                     Financial Statements




                                                                                                                     Additional Information




                                                    Admiral Money sponsors
                                                    Fintech Wales programme
                                                    The Foundry, FinTech Wales’ 12-week intensive accelerator
                                                    programme, provides world-class mentorship and support
                                                    to help incubate, accelerate, and scale start-up organisations
                                                    within the Welsh ecosystem and beyond.
                                                    In 2022, Admiral Money was a proud co-sponsor to
                                                    ‘season 2’ of the Foundry programme which focussed
                                                    on successfully validating, fundraising and scaling a new
                                                    venture. Admiral Money also worked separately with several
                                                    of the start-ups involved, and a number of the unsuccessful
                                                    applicants, to identify areas of potential collaboration
                                                    and support.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
16   Strategic Report




     Chair’s Statement



                        “We continue to
                          believe that if people
                          like what they do,
                          they do it better.”


                                         Adding value.
                                         Delivering
                                         difference.



                                                                         Annette Court
                                                                         Group Chair




                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                          17




                                                                                                                                          Company Overview
I am honoured to be leading the Board                         • Admiral’s agility, innovation and culture of
                                                                continuous improvement through a test-and-learn
of Admiral as the Group enters its 30th                         approach has ensured that it creates products and
year – happy birthday Admiral!                                  services that truly meet customers’ evolving needs.
As previously announced, I will step down as Chair at           After all, it was Admiral that launched the first
the AGM in April 2023 having served 11 years on the             car insurance comparison site, the first 10-month
Board, with six of those as Chair. I leave with a mix of        policy, and accelerated the adoption of multicar
pride and deep fondness for this very special company           and multicover



                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
which I believe remains one of the FTSE 100’s best            • Admiral’s commitment to doing the right thing and
kept secrets.                                                   strong conviction and ethical foundation means it’s
                                                                perhaps unsurprising that we were the only insurer
This year has, once again, been challenging for the
                                                                in the UK to issue a £110 million Stay-At-Home
sector due to the macro-economic environment.
                                                                refund for UK customers during the Covid pandemic
The Ukrainian-Russian war impacted energy costs,
                                                                and we established a £6 million Covid Fund to
high inflation led to higher claims costs and, in the UK,
                                                                support impacted communities




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
the market adjusted to the FCA’s pricing reforms.
                                                              • Admiral’s culture – this drives all of the above.
As a result, Admiral has reported lower Group profit
                                                                We believe that ‘people who like what they do,
of £469 million with turnover of £3.68 billion. This is
                                                                do it better’. We are always looking for new ways to
driven by UK Motor insurance profitability. Admiral has
                                                                add value and have consistently been recognised
led the market in taking strong pricing action to
                                                                as a great place to work for over 11,000 colleagues.
combat claims cost inflation and continues to focus
                                                                A key foundation stone of Admiral that has been
on long-term value creation.
                                                                continuously reinforced as the company has grown
Despite the challenging backdrop, our customer                  is that everyone matters regardless of their role.




                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
numbers are up 11% to 9.28 million and our solvency             This is demonstrated by the fact that all colleagues
remains strong at 180%. The UK Motor insurance                  receive shares13 in the company every year
marketplace is cyclical and we believe we are now
close to the bottom of this cycle. Admiral has a proven
                                                              Evolution
track record of quickly adapting to navigate the              Although elements remain constant, Admiral continues
cycle and remains focused on continuously evolving            to grow and evolve, with a key pillar of the strategy
its existing competences while creating sustainable           being diversification. We are making great progress in
businesses for the future.                                    most operations, and have now built, amongst others:




                                                                                                                                          Additional Information
Looking back                                                  • A significant UK household business
                                                                which is growing strongly and now serves
Admiral is a special business with a distinctive culture.
                                                                1.6 million customers
Our purpose – To help more people to look after their
future. Always striving for better together – underpins       • Admiral Money, our UK loans business has achieved
everything we do and ensures that we strive to do the           a small profit in its fifth year and is taking a suitably
right thing in consideration of all our stakeholders.           prudent approach to increasing its book
                                                              • Sizeable and growing businesses in Europe
I am immensely proud to have been part of Admiral’s
success story. It has been a hugely enjoyable and             • Admiral Pioneer, a business that builds on our
rewarding experience.                                           traditional test-and-learn approach to focus on
                                                                diversification through new business areas
During my time on the Board I have experienced the
                                                              • A business in the US, which is a challenging market,
transition of CEOs from Henry to David, and then to
                                                                and for which we are considering options
Milena – all have strong entrepreneurial leadership
skills, passion for the Admiral culture, and a focus          Almost half of our customers are now from non-UK
on building on our competitive advantages whilst              Motor insurance business.
evolving the strategy within the emerging landscape.
                                                              Dividend
I’m often asked what has been key to Admiral’s success        Our proposed final dividend of 52.0 pence per share
and, essentially, I believe it’s a lot of small things that   brings dividends for the year to 112.0 pence per share,
have never changed and make a big difference:                 a full-year pay-out of 90% against a backdrop of after-
• Delivering for our customers – Admiral remains              tax profits (from continuing operations) 36% lower
  focused on ‘the customer, the customer,                     than last year. The final dividend of 52.0 pence per
  the customer’ and during my time on the Board,              share comprises a normal dividend of 37.5 pence per
  customer numbers have grown from 3.6 million                share and a special dividend of 14.5 pence per share.
  in 2012 to 9.3 million in 2022 – a testament to             The Group has delivered a Total Shareholder Return
  our customer-centric approach                               (TSR) of 259% over the last 10 years (as illustrated in
                                                              the chart on page 206).
• Admiral’s relentless focus on the fundamentals of
  risk selection, pricing discipline, claims effectiveness
  and expense efficiency underpinned by a healthy
  obsession with data and analysis and a low-
  risk approach
                                                              13 Employees participate in the Approved Share Incentive Plan (SIP) after
                                                                 completing a minimum of 12 months’ service




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
18   Strategic Report




     Chair’s Statement
     continued

     People                                                     The Board in 2022
     Once again Admiral was recognised as a Great Place         The Board recognises the need for a strong corporate
     to Work in 2022, including being awarded 19th best         governance framework and supporting processes
     workplace in Europe and fourth best workplace in the       across the Group and believes that good governance,
     UK. We also received an award for being in the Best        with the tone set from the top, is a key factor in
     Companies list for 20 consecutive years and received       delivering sustainable business performance and
     awards for diversity and wellbeing. These accolades        creating value for all the Group’s stakeholders.
     help to position us as a destination employer which
                                                                The Board has been able to resume meeting in person
     is crucial in the current competitive market for talent.
                                                                this year as well as visits to colleagues overseas.
     Having our people as shareholders remains a                I have visited our overseas locations along with one
     distinctive element of Admiral’s incentive schemes.        or more fellow non-executive directors (NEDs) and
     These are designed to ensure that decisions support        we also attended Employee Consultation Group
     long-term value growth, that the right behaviours are      (ECG) meetings. These allowed us to keep contact
     rewarded and that our people’s interests are aligned       with our people and directly hear their views and
     with those of shareholders. We believe that, over the      the challenges they face. The Admiral culture still
     long-term, share price appreciation depends on             shines through.
     delivering great outcomes for our customers.
                                                                Jean Park stepped down in January 2023 after having           Read more
     (Further details can be found in the Remuneration                                                                        in our
                                                                served nine years on the Board and chairing the Group         Governance
     Committee report on page 183).
                                                                Risk Committee. She has also been a member of                 report on
                                                                the Remuneration and Nomination and Governance                page 136
     Customers
     Admiral’s purpose is to help people to look after their    Committees and acted as the Senior Independent
     future and the business has really lived by its purpose    Director. We will miss her unstinting support and wise
     during the year, ensuring that Admiral has been there      counsel. I would like to thank her on behalf of the
     for its customers when they need us most.                  whole Board for her huge contribution.

     The UK business has invested in technology that
     reduces the time it takes to settle motor claims –
     hopefully removing a pain-point during what can
     be a stressful time for customers.


                                                                  “Once again Admiral
     In response to the cost-of-living crisis, our teams have
     looked at ways to help and support insurance and


                                                                    was recognised
     loans customers who are financially vulnerable.
     2022 saw extreme weather from flash floods to forest


                                                                    as a Great Place
     fires and a freeze event. Admiral colleagues chose
     to take a proactive approach, identifying customers
     in the impacted areas and contacting them to
     understand how we could support them. These are
     just a few examples of the little things that the              to Work in 2022.”
     business does that can make a big difference for
     customers, and that make me proud to be a part               Annette Court
     of Admiral.                                                  Group Chair




                                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                    19




                                                                                                                    Company Overview



Our focus areas for the Board remain to:                   New Chair



                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
• Continue to build on the remarkably special              I am delighted that Mike Rogers will take on the role
  Admiral culture and in so doing putting our people,      of the new Chair of Admiral. He has a great track
  customers and wider impact on the community at           record and significant experience which will benefit
  the heart of what we do                                  Admiral in its next exciting phase of evolution –
                                                           and demonstrates a great understanding of the
• Continue our long-term trajectory of growth,
                                                           Group’s culture.
  profitability and innovation




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
• Invest in the development and growth of our people       I am confident that the current Board and new Chair
                                                           are well-equipped with the skills and knowledge to
• Ensure excellent governance and the
                                                           continue to build and strengthen Admiral and build a
  highest standards
                                                           sustainable business in the long-term while retaining
• Focus on all aspects of ESG                              Admiral’s distinctive culture.
Our role in Society – doing the right thing
Admiral takes its role in society very seriously and has   Annette Court
an active approach to Corporate Responsibility which       Group Chair




                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
focuses on all our stakeholders and the wider impact
                                                           7 March 2023
we have (more information in the Sustainability Report
on the Admiral website). We are proud to be Wales’
only FTSE 100 headquartered company. We employ
over 8,000 people in South Wales and our people play
an active part in the communities in which we operate.
We carefully consider our impact on the community             A goodbye and thank you
and environment, including factors such as the green          from Annette Court
credentials of our buildings, raising funds for multiple




                                                                                                                    Additional Information
charities, and the impact of climate change across            I have thoroughly enjoyed every
the business.                                                 year I have been part of Admiral.
As previously announced, the Group’s ambition is              I am grateful to our shareholders
to be net zero by 2040 and to be net zero across              for their support as I stayed on
our operations for scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.
The business verifies its carbon emissions for our
                                                              as Chair to ensure a successful
current operations using a third party and these were         transition to Milena as Group CEO.
subsequently offset to become carbon neutral. We will         I would like to thank Admiral’s customers for
apply for approval of our Science Based Targets in            putting their trust in us and our colleagues for
2023. Our aim is to be an economically strong and             their dedication in ensuring that we are there
responsible business over the long-term, guided by            for customers when they need us most.
a clear purpose, to make a positive and significant
impact not just on our customers and our people,              I wish Mike, Milena and the whole leadership
but on the economy and society.                               team every success for the future and I will be
                                                              cheering Admiral on from the side lines.
                                                              I feel privileged to have been part of this special
                                                              company. Thank you for your support.



                                                             Annette



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
20   Strategic Report




     Chief Executive Officer’s Statement


                                   Milena
                                   Mondini
                                   de Focatiis
                                   Chief Executive
                                   Officer




        “It’s the little things
          we do every da y
          that combine to
          add value for all
          our stakeholders.“
          Adding value.
          Delivering
          difference.




                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                 21




                                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview
2022 was another year of navigating                                               The international markets were also under pressure
                                                                                  with very low market average premiums in Italy
stormy waters and, once again,                                                    and Spain. The US experienced more adverse
we’ve adapted well and shown                                                      market conditions than others. Although Elephant
ourselves to be disciplined and agile                                             quickly put in place aggressive remedies, such as
as we increased our customer base                                                 premium increases in excess of 25% in 2022 and a
                                                                                  drastic reduction in advertising spend, the business
by 11% to 9.28 million while delivering                                           registered a disappointingly high loss of £49 million15.



                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
profits of £469 million.14                                                        Elephant remains an efficient operation with a strong
We’ve not been immune to the changes in external                                  team delivering great service to its customers –
conditions including the implementation of the                                    who voted it one of the Best insurance companies
FCA’s pricing reforms, increased claims frequency                                 in US among over 3,300 brands. We are continuing
post Covid, supply chain challenges, adverse weather                              to assess the options for Elephant to reach its full
and high levels of inflation which had a very big                                 potential in such a huge market.




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
impact on our business, particularly on the cost of                               Despite the headwinds, we were definitely not
claims. At times, over the last 12 months, it has felt                            blown off course in 2022. To the contrary, we made
similar to sailing in the middle of a storm: knowing                              substantial progress against our long-term objectives
the desired destination but with the challenge of                                 and continued to deliver on new initiatives that will
recognising when to steer into the winds that try to                              help us to emerge from this period stronger than
blow us off course – whilst never losing focus on where                           ever before. We’re developing new capabilities,
we’re going.                                                                      especially in data and technology, to enhance our
The cyclical nature of insurance is not new. We were                              customer experience. For example, we launched a
quicker than most to react to the changing market                                 new claims management system which will reduce




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
conditions and implemented price increases ahead                                  settlement time for many UK motor customers and
of others in response to higher inflation. Although the                           have established a Data Academy to accelerate our
premium increases impacted our rate of growth in                                  evolution into an even more digital-first and data
the short term, we continued prioritising sustainable                             driven organisation.
growth over chasing unprofitable volumes.
This discipline resulted, for our insurance business
in the UK, in delivering a profit of £616 million,
above 2019 pre-pandemic levels and it will put us




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
on a strong footing for when the cycle turns.

14 Group profit – 2022: £469 million; 2021: £769 million, excluding restructure
   costs, 2019: £505.1 million
15 Elephant loss – 2022: £48.9 million loss; 2021: £13.0 million




Our Strategy
                                                       Accelerate evolution                     Product diversification             The evolution
for 2023                                               towards Admiral 2.0                                                          of Motor
                                                                                                Our Group-wide approach
                                                       Our priority is to accelerate            is focused on increasing            The way that people
                                                       the evolution of our business            business resilience and             move around is changing
                                                       towards Admiral 2.0, an                  adapting to the evolving            and Admiral’s third pillar
                                                       organisation that builds                 needs and expectations              focuses on evolving
                                                       and uses historical strengths            of our customers.                   our proposition to
                                                       but is even more agile.                                                      meet those demands.
                                                       Whilst we continue to put                     See page 31                    Admiral stays close to
                                                       the customer first, we aim                                                   emerging trends and
                                                       to focus on our technology                                                   continues to apply
                                                       and data to do so.                                                           its test and learn
                                                                                                                                    philosophy to further
                                                                                                                                    develop competencies.




                                                              See page 28                                                                See page 34




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
22   Strategic Report




     Chief Executive Officer’s Statement
     continued

     Groups profit before tax1,2,3                                    We believe that our diversification strategy is key to

     £469.0m
                                                                      increasing our resilience over the long-term, as well as
                                                                      to improving the engagement and experience for our
                                                                      customers, and by leveraging our strengths, we will
      2022                          £469.0m                           deliver more value to our shareholders. Over the
                                                                      past year, Admiral Money, our UK Loans business,
      2021                                         £769.0m*           delivered its first profit in its fifth year, we launched
      2020                                 £608.0m                    Pet insurance and we developed new partnerships
     *£713m including restructure costs                               and distribution channels in international insurance.
                                                                      In the UK specifically we are experiencing strong
                                                                      customer growth in the Household, Loans and Travel
     EPS1,2,3 (pence)                                                 businesses that increased their turnover by 31% to

     124.3p
                                                                      £350 million combined in 2022. We now also count
                                                                      two million customers across our international
                                                                      businesses, up by 13%.
      2022                           124.3p                           We are aware that this has been a challenging year
                                                                      also for our customers and our people and looking
      2021                                          212.2p
                                                                      after them is our core purpose. We continue to do
      2020                                   170.7p                   our best to support customers and we have a team
                                                                      dedicated to supporting those more financially
     1 Group profit before tax, Earnings per share, Group turnover,   vulnerable ones. For our colleagues, we’ve responded
       Group net revenue and Return on equity are presented on        by reviewing and making permanent adjustments to
       a continuing operations basis
     2 Group profit before tax, Earnings per share and Return         colleagues’ salaries as needed and providing a range
       on equity exclude the impact of one-off restructure costs      of additional benefits and support.
       in 2021 totalling £55.5 million
     3 Alternative Performance Measures – see page 306                We always talk about the team, the team, the team
                                                                      because our ability to deliver is due to our all-hands-on
                                                                      deck approach. We now have over 11,000 colleagues
                                                                      whose dedication and hard work make this all possible
                                                                      and I’m always so proud to see the team’s efforts
                                                                      recognised externally. This year we’ve received a range
                                                                      of awards across all our businesses and geographies.
                                                                      We continue to rank as one of the Best Multinational
                                                                      Workplaces for the 20th consecutive year by the
                                                                      Great Place to Work Institute and were named a
                                                                      Diversity Leader by the Financial Times.
                                                                      Having a positive impact on our wider society is also
                                                                      central to our ethos. We are progressing well with
                                                                      our net zero goal and reduced our scope 1 and 2
                                                                      emissions16 by 32% year on year. We refocussed a large
                                                                      part of our effort to sustain the communities in which
                                                                      we operate on the theme of “employability” which
                                                                      aligns closely with our purpose to “help more people
                                                                      to look after their future”. We feel lucky to be part of
                                                                      the Admiral family that is such a great place to work,
                                                                      and we would like to contribute to make the world a
                                                                      good place to work for more people.




                                                                      16 Location based emissions




                                                                                                     Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                          23




                                                                                          Company Overview



Speaking about the Admiral family, I am very sad



                                                                                          Strategic Report
to say goodbye to Annette Court who has been
our Board Chair since 2017. I’ll always be personally
grateful to Annette for the invaluable help in the
transition between David and myself, and for her wise
counsel and warm support at every step of my Admiral
journey. And, on behalf of all my colleagues, I would like
to thank Annette for her considerable contribution to




                                                                                          Corporate Governance
the Board, her strong commitment to Admiral and its
people, and the guidance and support she has always
generously offered to the wider management team
over the last 11 years, while embedding the Admiral


                                                             “I would like to
culture at her very heart. I wish Annette all the best
for her future.
I look forward to working with Mike Rogers over the

                                                               thank all m y
coming years as incoming Chair and I’m confident his




                                                                                          Financial Statements
breadth of experience in financial services and beyond


                                                               colleagues across
will add great value to Admiral.
Finally, I would really like to thank all my colleagues


                                                               the Group for their
across the Group for their hard work over the last
year. I look forward to working together in 2023 –
and crucially celebrating Admiral’s 30th birthday.


                                                               hard work over the
This is a great opportunity for us to reflect on the
amazing journey the Group has been on over the




                                                                                          Additional Information
last three decades and the strong foundations we

                                                               past year.”
laid out for the next 30 years of growth.


Milena Mondini de Focatiis
Group Chief Executive Officer                                Milena Mondini de Focatiis
7 March 2023                                                 Chief Executive Officer




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
24   Strategic Report




     Q&A with Milena, Geraint,
     Cristina and Costantino


        “It’s a volatile
                                          Q: Milena, how would you describe the market
                                          environment in 2022?
                                          A: This year has seen its share of challenges both



        market, but we’re
                                          for Admiral and the industry. We started the year
                                          with Omicron and soon after learned of the events
                                          in Ukraine. Globally, macroeconomic conditions



        well-positioned
                                          worsened and we experienced some of the highest
                                          inflation in decades. In Motor, we’d already seen higher
                                          costs of replacing cars and repairs due to lockdowns,



        to succeed.”
                                          but now saw increased pressure from higher energy
                                          and labour costs.
                                          Low claims frequency, a prominent feature of the
                                          market in 2020 and 2021, slowly moved upwards
                                          as economies reopened – though still remaining
                                          below pre-pandemic levels. As we exit 2022 and
                                          move into 2023, there are some early positive signs.
                                          Some elements of inflation look to be normalising
        Adding value.                     such as used car prices, and are hopeful that supply
        Delivering                        chain pressures will ease in 2023 – but there are
                                          also elements offsetting this, so significant levels
        difference.                       of uncertainty remain.
                                          Q: Cristina, building on Milena’s comments,
                                          what have been the key challenges the UK
                                          personal lines market faced this year?
                                          A: 2022 was marked by both significant regulatory
                                          change, namely the General Insurance Pricing
                                          Practices reform, and heightened inflationary pressure.
                                          With regards to the pricing reform, the market shift
                                          we saw in early 2022, when it first came into force,
                                          was in line with our expectations. New business prices
                                          increased at the beginning of the year and retention
                                          also increased across the market as fewer people were
                                          incentivised to shop around.
                                          On inflation, the macroeconomic conditions are really
                                          what are driving the conversation and I think most of
                                          our peers would agree that we’ve never spent so much
                                          time talking about claims inflation! Here the story
                                          in 2022 continued to be around accidental damage,
                                          driven largely by used car price inflation, and the
                                          impact of higher energy costs and supply chain
                                          disruption. For Household insurance, macro challenges
                                          also led to higher inflation in the market, which were
                                          then compounded by severe weather conditions
                                          causing storms, subsidence and freezes.




                        Milena
                        Mondini de
                        Focatiis
                        Chief Executive
                        Officer



                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                 25




                                                                                                                                 Company Overview




                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report




                               Geraint Jones                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                               Group Chief
                               Financial Officer




                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
Q: Turning to our international markets,                  Q: Milena, looking at cyclicality in the
Costantino, what did the picture look like in             industry – how do you think about it
2022 for the European and US operations?                  and what’s changed in recent years?
A: I’m at risk of sounding like a broken record           A: Looking at the last few years, there have clearly




                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
here, but the fact is that the inflationary pressure      been much shorter cycles than in the past. This was
experienced by the UK was to a large degree also          initially driven by the impact of Ogden, but more
seen in Europe and the US – albeit a bit lagged in        recently due to the Covid pandemic, followed by           Read more
some markets with larger impacts in the second            the macroeconomic uncertainty and high inflation          in our
                                                                                                                    Governance
half of the year. Claims frequency is still tracking      mentioned earlier. Whilst it is difficult to predict      report on
below pre Covid levels in Europe despite economies        how the cycle will look in the future, cyclicality will   page 136
reopening. The European markets have also                 continue to be impacted by inflation and existing
experienced strong competition over the last few          macroeconomic uncertainty. Admiral has a long-
years, with particular premium pressure in Italy and      standing track record of managing the cycle well.
Spain and hence lower average premiums despite            Our approach has continued to be that of focus and
claims costs increasing.                                  discipline, which means at times we will prioritise
                                                          profitability over growth. This sometimes requires
This trend of persistent claims inflation was
                                                          short term trade-offs, and we have this done more
even more prominent in the US where it led to
                                                          recently within the context of high claims inflation.
disappointing loss performance for Elephant and
                                                          However, these decisions are always made in the
the market as a whole – with claims costs impacted
                                                          context of continuing to focus on building sustainable
by various factors including high labour costs,
                                                          and profitable businesses in the long-term. We are
increases in repair times and higher credit hire
                                                          strengthening our core businesses but also looking
costs. So, in a nutshell, we saw challenging market
                                                          at a multitude of diversification opportunities for
conditions overall. That said, we’ve increased rates
                                                          the future.
by double digits in all of these markets. And we’ve
taken the opportunity to build on the fundamentals
of the business. In Europe, we continued to invest
in growth towards achieving scale which we think
is the right decision for the long-term sustainability
and profitability of these businesses. On the contrary,
in the US we slowed growth in the second half given
the challenging market conditions and took strong
action including strong base rate increases, narrowing
our footprint to focus on higher performing segments
and focusing on a customer base of higher lifetime
value. So, we’re keeping focused on the fundamentals
and taking action where needed, to continue to build
sustainable businesses.

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
26   Strategic Report




     Q&A with Milena, Geraint,
     Cristina and Costantino
     continued




                                                                                Q: Geraint, what is your current dividend
                                                                                policy, and do you foresee any changes
                                                                                in the policy or pay-out ratio?
                                                                                A: There’s been no change in our approach to setting
                                                                                dividends. Our formal dividend policy is to pay 65%
                                                                                of post-tax profit as a normal dividend and then pay
                                                                                a special dividend on top, comprising capital we don’t
                                                                                need to retain for solvency requirements and buffers.
                               Cristina                                         Our average pay-out ratio over the past few years
                               Nestares                                         is around 90% and changes in dividend period on
                               CEO,                                             period tend to be broadly in line with changes in post-
                               UK Insurance                                     tax profit. As we see things today, we don’t expect
                                                                                changes in the level of pay-out moving forward.
                                                                                The solvency ratio is the main constraint and we’re
                                                                                comfortable with the post-dividend ratio of 180%.
                                                                                Q: Milena, are you comfortable with the
                         Q: Cristina, how has the household book                way that hybrid ways of working are
                         performed and how have the difficult                   embedded across the business – and within
                         weather conditions that you mentioned                  this new environment how do you maintain
                         above impacted the book?                               Admiral’s culture?
                         A: Weather events are a feature of household           A: Hybrid working has changed the way we work,
                         insurance, with severe events generally occurring      but it doesn’t change the foundations of our culture.
                         every few years. 2022 was one of those years.          Admiral continues to be all about ‘the team, the team,
                         The winter in 2022 saw some weather leading to         the team’. We continue to encourage people to work
                         higher storm and freeze claims, together with a        together and challenge them – whether in an office
          Read more on   wonderfully warm summer which unfortunately            or online – to drive better outcomes for the business.
          page 54                                                               It has also been rewarding to see that our engagement
                         also led to elevated subsidence costs. This severe
                         weather, combined with inflationary pressures,         scores have remained at or above pre-pandemic
                         negatively impacted the household result by £32m,      levels and our Great Place to Work rankings continue
                         leading to a loss of £6 million.                       to be industry leading. We were ranked in the Top
                                                                                20 best places to work in Europe and 4th in the UK.
                         Although a challenging year, the household book        These awards are a testament to a strong culture
                         grew by almost 20% and we continue to enhance          that’s deeply embedded within the organisation.
                         our pricing and data analytics and to drive claims
                         efficiencies which showed through in further
                         improvements in our attritional loss ratios. We also
                         celebrated the business’ 10-year anniversary –
                         Happy birthday to the Household Team! Whilst
                         still a relatively young book we have a strong and
                         experienced management team who’ve successfully
                         grown our household proposition to deliver great
                         service to 1.6m customers. I am excited to see what
                         the next 10 years has in store for Household!




                                                                                     Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                  27




                                                                                                                                  Company Overview



Q: Costantino, Elephant in the US experienced            Q: Geraint, given the difficult conditions


                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
a challenging year, can you provide an update            in 2022 – how has the Group performed
on the performance and outlook?                          and what can we expect going forward?
A: 2022 was a difficult year for Elephant, with very     A: As Milena highlighted, 2022 was definitely
strong claims inflation leading to a disappointing       a challenging year. However, all in all, the Group
result for the business. The team continued to focus     produced a pretty pleasing set of results.
on strengthening fundamentals – we increased base        We unsurprisingly see a reasonable drop in Group




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
rates by double digits, slowed growth, narrowed our      profit when we compare against 2021 and 2020,
footprint and strengthened risk selection and pricing.   though it’s important to remember that both those
                                                                                                                   Read more on
In addition, we strongly reduced our cost base           years benefited from exceptional circumstances            page 46
through cutting acquisition and advertising costs,       given the impact of the pandemic on claims costs
and continued to shift the business towards more         and profitability. In 2022, we experienced the unwind
efficient distribution channels. We’re continuing        of the positive covid related impacts, higher claims
to look for ways to improve and we are considering       inflation and bad weather.
options for the future of the business.
                                                         We expect that 2022 was the worse point of the




                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
Although a challenging year, I’d like to thank the       cycle and that 2023 should improve following actions,
strong and committed team at Elephant who have           including significant price increases. Early signs
been working very hard to serve our customers within     in Europe are positive and we project improving
a challenging period. Elephant was recognised for        loss ratios as well as continued growth. In the US,
this in 2022 by making the Forbes list of America’s      we’ve taken some pretty drastic actions to improve
Best Insurance Companies. This award is voted for        the bottom line, whilst businesses such as Admiral
by customers and only 35 carriers were selected out      Money and Pioneer continue to grow and develop.
of a list of over 3,000. Amazing to see!                 Admiral Money in particular is showing pleasing
                                                         progress, reporting its first (of many!) profit in 2022




                                                                                                                                  Additional Information
Q: Milena, 2022 has been a difficult year not            despite the difficult backdrop.
just for businesses but for many communities
around the world, can you share more about
what Admiral’s done to help?
A: We have a long-standing approach at Admiral
of making sure we have a positive impact on our
communities. 2022 was no different. To support
communities impacted by storms and floods we set
up a new Global Emergency Fund. The fund is focused
on making donations that target those in need quickly.
In 2022, we supported the Welsh Refugee Council
to help refugees secure employment in the country,
we supported the British Red Cross relief efforts in
Pakistan and donated to communities impacted by
Hurricane Fiona in Canada.
Under our new Together for Better Community
Strategy we’ve also begun working with
organisations like Generation. These organisations
strive to transform the education system into
an employment system. We are looking to
pilot programmes in India and Italy, supporting
participants get sustainable jobs across the
technology, services, and healthcare sectors.
Our selected partnerships will see us help more
people to achieve their full potential and secure
fulfilling and sustainable employment regardless
of background or location, from helping women                                        Costantino
in tech, talented young people, adults with                                          Moretti
additional learning needs and those furthest                                         CEO,
away from the labour market.                                                         International
                                                                                     Insurance



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
28   Strategic Report




     Our Strategy

        1. Accelerating
        towards Admiral 2.0
                                                                                      Scaled Agile
                                                                                      • Following the successful implementation of Scaled
                                                                                        Agile in ConTe last year, our Spanish operation
                                                                                        followed suit in 2022. Teams across both businesses
                                                                                        worked together to embed Scaled Agile principles
                                                                                        in Seguros and to build on the learnings from ConTe
                                                                                        in the previous year. This teamwork has allowed a
                                                                                        smooth agile transition within the business, which
                                                                                        helps with delivering projects to the market quickly
                                                                                      Customer Centric Innovation
                                                                                      • Great customer service is a core strength of
                                                                                        our business. We are continuously seeking
                        Overview                                                        improvements on the digitalisation of customer
                                                                                        journeys and app adoption
                        Our aim is to accelerate the evolution of our
                        core businesses toward what we call Admiral                   • We’ve added a new Claims Total Loss Process inside
                        2.0, an organisation that leverages on Admiral’s                MyAccount, enabling customers to manage total
                        historical strengths whilst being even more agile               vehicle loss claims online
                        and technology focused. This includes embracing               • We’ve enabled customers to adjust their policy
                        smarter ways of working and attracting new talent.              tiers and ancillaries online during any point of their
                        But, above all else, it is a company that continues             policy period
                        to put the customer first and that leverages on               • We’ve added single sign on with our app and
                        data and advanced analytics to constantly improve               MyAccount, reducing the time it takes customers
                        their experience.                                               to sign into their portal
                        Core Competencies:                                            Smart Working
                        • Digital First                                               • We have fully adopted hybrid working across our
                        • Scaled Agile                                                  operations – new town hall spaces have been
                        • Customer-Centric Innovation                                   built to host department and team engagement
                                                                                        events which keep colleagues up to date on
                        • Smart Working                                                 department-wide news and celebrate team and
                        • Data and advanced analytics                                   individual successes
                        Progress in 2022                                              Data and advanced analytics
                        Digital first                                                 • Initial steps to deploying Admiral’s UK Next
                        • We’ve continued to simplify our technology estate,            Generation Architecture have been taken. This is
                          removing legacy systems and improving our overall             a set of foundational technologies that allows
                          operational resilience                                        Admiral to bring an improved customer experience
                                                                                        and broader product offerings to our customers.
                        • We’ve integrated a new claims management system
                                                                                        This will help support faster deployment of new
                          in our UK Motor function – building a more efficient
                                                                                        products and services, an enhanced web and mobile
                          and convenient system for our customers. As a result
                                                                                        platform to improve customer self-service, and the
                          of these changes we are already seeing greater digital
                                                                                        ability to provide a single view of the customer to
                          adoption through increased rate of use
                                                                                        both agents and our partners
                        • We’ve enhanced our rating capability by
                          implementing new machine learning techniques over
                          the past few years. These models have improved our
                          risk predictions as well as fraud detection capabilities.
                          Similar approaches are being adopted in other parts
                          of the business, ensuring our customers continue to
                          receive fair and competitive prices                            Relevant Principal Risks and Uncertainties
                        • Internationally our US brand Elephant has                       A    B   C   D      E   F   G   H   I   J   K
                          strengthened their digital claims journey to increase
                          the speed of claims resolution. Over two-thirds of                   Read more on
                                                                                               page 114
                          new claims now start on the Elephant app


                                                                                            Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                  29




                                                                                                                  Company Overview
   Admiral 2.0 case study:
   Programme NEO
   We’re excited to announce that our new
   claims management system, Guidewire Claim
   Centre (GWCC), has gone live across our UK
   Motor function. This is a great achievement


                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
   and a testament to the commitment
   from our Programme Neo team.
   Having used our previous claims system for 20 years, our
   new claims system will transform the way our claims are
   managed. The Guidewire Claim Centre is more efficient,
   it offers better data insight, and it will enrich our customer




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
   experience. Customers now have a truly digital experience,
   giving them more choice and flexibility on how they
   interact with us. GWCC will also improve our communication
   with both customers and suppliers and give us greater
   ability for further integration in the future.
   We first went live with the system in Household Claims
   in August 2021, allowing us to learn and improve on a
   smaller subset of our overall UK claims. We then took            “I am so excited to get to this position!


                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                                                                    It is the culmination of so much hard work
   those learnings on board when launching with our much
   larger product, UK Motor insurance. We went live with
   the Motor system in August 2022.                                 across the Programme and the department,
   Claims employees have been receiving training on the
                                                                    and the feedback from our employees
                                                                    who have been through training has been
   new system and are already enjoying its benefits. We have
   received lots of positive feedback already on how quick,
   efficient, and simple the system is. Likewise, feedback
   from customers has been just as positive. Customers have
                                                                    unbelievable. Thank you and well done to
                                                                    everyone involved. Going live is just the


                                                                                                                  Additional Information
   shared how simple the digital flow is and how clear it is to
   navigate in addition to the ease with which their claim can
   be managed fully online, meaning they don’t have to call in,     start, roll out will take some time and we
   giving them more flexibility and time.                           look forward to all the future improvements
                                                                    for our customers, employees and results
                                                                    that this launch will inspire.”
                                                                    Lorna Connelly
                                                                    Head of UK Motor Claims




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
30   Strategic Report




        Our Strategy
        1. Accelerating towards Admiral 2.0
        continued


        Data Academies
        This summer we launched a new Data
        Academy in the UK to provide first class data
        training for our colleagues.
        To that end, over 700 employees across UK insurance,
        Pioneer, Admiral Money and Admiral Law have been brought
        together in a single Data Community. They can access
        monthly newsletters, lunch and learns, training sessions
        and development programmes. We are also collaborating
        with the EU Analytics Academy to support and develop our
        data professionals and share our learnings across the Group.
        In September 2022, we partnered with Women in Data to
        show our investment in increasing diversity across data
        roles as well.
        Since the launch of the Data Academy, over 300 people have
        attended an event or training session and there have been
        over 1,000 newsletter reads. At the heart of the Admiral 2.0
        strategy is data, and the Data Academy is also rolling out
        an ambitious ‘Data Skills’ training pathway to the business
        to increase their data confidence and skills and help people
        make better data driven decisions.




                                                                       Digital improvements in Italy
                                                                       Digitalisation, agility, quality and security are
                                                                       the pillars of ConTe’s customer-centric approach.
                                                                       Digitalisation, agility, quality and security are the pillars
                                                                       of ConTe’s customer-centric approach. Striving to put our
                                                                       customers at the centre of what we do, in 2022 ConTe made
                                                                       several improvements. For digital users, ConTe accelerated the
                                                                       digitalisation journey, with now over half of our customers’
                                                                       transactions being performed online. We continued their
                                                                       adoption of Scaled Agile, with the focus on executing more
                                                                       and constantly delivering value to the customers.
                                                                       During 2022, we made good strides towards claims
                                                                       digitalisation. Customers can now self-report a claim
                                                                       autonomously through their personalised area on the website.
                                                                       In addition to this they can use the app to upload pictures of
                                                                       the damage and state their preference of how they would like
                                                                       to repair the vehicle. Streamlining this process has resulted
                                                                       in great customer feedback, with a 4.8/5 rating on web app
                                                                       usability, and significantly increasing the use of digital channels.


                                                                                         Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                        31




                                                                                                                                        Company Overview

   2. Diversification

                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
                                                                               Progress in 2022
                                                                               Scale up promising products
                                                                               • Within the UK, we have seen sustained growth in
                                                                                 Household and Travel, and good progress on our




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                                                                 new Pet proposition
                                                                               • We’ve brought in additional expertise in Household
                                                                                 and strengthened our supplier network. We’ve also
                                                                                 leveraged our new claims management system to
                                                                                 improve customer pricing
                                                                               • Post-pandemic, the travel market has strongly
                                                                                 bounced back. We’ve grown our operations to
                                                                                 support higher demand and continue to meet




                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
                       Overview                                                  customer needs
                       Diversification is a key element for Admiral to build   Strengthen Customer Proposition
                       a sustainable business for the future. Our approach     • We now offer a new product to customers in the
                       has been to take the skills and learnings from our        UK – Pet insurance. The product is available to
                       current business and find ways to leverage them           customers online and via price comparison websites
                       in building successful future businesses. In the past
                                                                               • Toolbox by Admiral launched a commercial
                       10 years, we’ve launched several products including
                                                                                 insurance MVP in 2021 by offering flexible, easy‑to-
                       household insurance, travel insurance, pet insurance
                                                                                 buy tool insurance direct to UK tradespeople.




                                                                                                                                        Additional Information
                       and a personal lending business. Our diversified
                                                                                 In 2022, Toolbox extended its product range to
                       business model means that customers can engage
                                                                                 include other core business insurances (e.g. public
                       with us across a number of products, and we can
                                                                                 & employers liability) and began to test possible
                       support a large variety of their needs.
                                                                                 future routes to scale
                       Our approach to product diversification is to           • We launched our MultiCar proposition on price
                       make focussed, staged investments on a select             comparison, helping expand the reach of our
                       number of new product opportunities across the            popular customer insurance
                       financial services sector, whilst strengthening and
                       complementing existing customer propositions.           Leverage Core Strengths
                                                                               • Since 2017, Admiral has built a prime loan book and
                       Core Competencies:
                                                                                 become a meaningful participant in the UK personal
                       • Scale up promising products                             lending market. To date, we’ve issued over 250,000
                       • Strengthen customer proposition                         loans to customers and disbursed over £2 billion
                       • Leverage core strengths                                 in lending
                       • Innovate in product design                            Innovate in product design
                                                                               • We’ve partnered with Ondo insurance and their
                                                                                 Leakbot device. Leakbot is a smart water-leak
                                                                                 detector which alerts customers to leaks in their
                                                                                 home and helps prevent damage
                                                                               • We launched an online journey for our Landlord
                                                                                 insurance proposition, allowing customers to
                                                                                 purchase Landlord policies directly from our website




                                                                                  Relevant Principal Risks and Uncertainties
                                                                                   A   B    C   D     E   F   G   H   J   K

                                                                                       Read more on
                                                                                       page 114



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
32   Strategic Report




        Our Strategy
        2. Diversification
        continued




                                                                           “I am super excited to have reached this
                                                                           milestone, this is the culmination of so much
                                                                           hard work from so man y people across the
                                                                           business! I truly believe we have built a
                                                                           fantastic range of products and services
                                                                           that will deliver great value for our customers
                                                                           and continue to build on the foundations of
                                                                           what has made Admiral a leader across our
                                                                           flagship products. The business has achieved
                                                                           solid growth following launch and plan on
                                                                           building on the strong start throughout 2023”.
                                                                           Pritpal Powar
                                                                           Head of Pet



        Launch of Pet in the UK
        We launched Admiral Pet in 2022 to offer a
        new and exciting product for our customers.
        This is a new market for Admiral and a good stepping-stone for
        our Group diversification strategy. To celebrate this milestone,
        we partnered with Warner Brothers and the 2022 ‘DC League
        of Super Pets’ film, which saw some lucky colleagues attend
        a special screening at the Warner Brother’s headquarters
        in London!
        • Admiral Pet has lots of additional features above the basic
          Pet insurance product, including:
          – ‘Pawsquad’, an online service that enables customers to
            speak to a qualified, UK-registered vet 24/7 for advice
            and treatment options free of charge
          – Innovative and customer centric digital journeys across
            sales and claims
          – Multi-Pet, insurance cover that allows customers to insure
            all their pets on one policy and make savings of up to 15%

                                                                                           Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                33




                                                                                                                                Company Overview
                                                                  Household celebrate 10 years
                                                                  Our Household product and team turned
                                                                  10 years old in 2022. Household has been an
                                                                  Admiral success story from the start and was
                                                                  our first diversification product beyond Motor.
                                                                  We now have over 1.5 million customers and



                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
                                                                  strong plans in place to accelerate that growth
                                                                  in the coming years.
                                                                  The Household team are continuously seeking improvements
                                                                  in our pricing, claims management, and the service our
                                                                  customers receive. Some of our key achievements over the
                                                                  years include an expanded digital offering, new product




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                  launches within the household line, simple quote journeys
                                                                  with Instaquote, and strengthened supplier partnerships.
                                                                  In addition, since the launch of our new claims system last
                                                                  year, our Household colleagues have been rolling out new
                                                                  software from our partner CoreLogic. This software helps
                                                                  to enhance how our panel of suppliers can integrate with
                                                                  our claims system.
                                                                  Finally, the Household Insurance team continue to




                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                                  work on improving and growing our product offering.
                                                                  Landlord insurance now has an online journey,
                                                                  meaning our customers can purchase a landlord
                                                                  policy directly from our website.




                                                                                                                                Additional Information
   Travel turns 5
   Bouncing back from Covid and pandemic
   restrictions, this year the Travel department
   sold over 800,000 policies! The department
   has tripled in size over the year, with a creation
   of a brand-new team in Delhi who ensure our
   customers can contact us more conveniently.
   Over 2022, we have improved our customer portal and
   launched a new, shorter online journey (Instaquote) for our
   customers. Digital improvements have also happened within
   our claims process, whereby we now offer an electronic
   notification of loss journey. This has helped increase the
   levels of customer self-service, and gives a faster and more
   efficient process for our customers.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
34   Strategic Report




     Our Strategy
     continued


        3. Evolution
        of Motor




                                                                                    Evolve our proposition
                                                                                    • We improved our electric vehicle cover to now
                                                                                      include an out of charge feature provided by the AA.
                                                                                      If customers run out of charge whilst on cover with
                                                                                      us, the AA will recover them to the nearest charge
                                                                                      point or any other destination of their choice
                        Overview                                                    Develop competencies for the future
                        Admiral’s third strategic pillar is built on evolving our   • We collaborated on an autonomous simulation
                        proposition for changes in mobility. The way people           project funded by the government under its
                        move around is changing. Different views exist                innovation funding scheme. The simulation tested
                        on future mobility trends and where the greatest              automated driving systems in a virtual environment
                        future impact will be. To stay close to these trends,         and across multiple different scenarios
                        we are harnessing our test and learn philosophy,            • These projects help us build our knowledge
                        looking at emerging propositions, and developing core         of autonomous systems, their risks, and the types
                        competencies that will be relevant for the future.            of tools we can use to understand those risks. It also
                                                                                      helps us build our network in the space and build
                        Core Competencies:
                                                                                      connections with relevant organisations
                        • Understand changes in mobility
                        • Evolve our proposition
                                                                                    Innovate in product design
                                                                                    • We launched LittleBox Pod, a new telematics
                        • Develop competencies for the future
                                                                                      product that works alongside the Admiral app
                        • Innovate in product design                                  to record where, when and how the customer
                        Progress in 2022                                              drives. Each journey is shown to the customer
                                                                                      in the app and they receive instant individual,
                        Understand changes in mobility                                personalised feedback
                        • Our designated mobility team continued to test            • Our Veygo app has had a re-brand, improving
                          and learn how changes in mobility will impact               the customer experience and making it easier
                          our products and how we can adapt to changing               for customers to get what they want quicker
                          customer needs
                        • We have invested in Wagonex, the UK’s leading
                          mobility subscription platform provider to better
                          understand changes in mobility




                                                                                       Relevant Principal Risks and Uncertainties
                                                                                        B   C    D   E      F   G   J   K

                                                                                             Read more on
                                                                                             page 114



                                                                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                      35




                                                                                                                      Company Overview




                                                                                                                      Strategic Report




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                      Financial Statements




                                                                                                                      Additional Information
                                                    LittleBox Pod
                                                    (Telematics product expansion)
                                                    As part of our strategy to be the leading insurer
                                                    in analytics and data, LittleBox Pod is a new
                                                    telematics product that we’re offering to our
                                                    customers. Launched in November, it is the
                                                    third device added to the LittleBox product line
                                                    alongside the hard install and the Plug & Drive.
                                                    The Pod is a small discreet device that the customer self-
                                                    installs to the inside of their windscreen via a peel and stick
                                                    back. The device itself is only 2 inches x 2 inches in size and
                                                    is battery powered with a 4+ year lifespan or 4,000 hours of
                                                    driving. Customers download and register with the Admiral
                                                    App, which then links wirelessly with Bluetooth to help collect
                                                    and use the Pod data. The LittleBox Pod works alongside the
                                                    Admiral app to record where, when and how the customer
                                                    drives. Each journey is shown to the customer in the app and
                                                    they receive individual, personalised trip feedback.
                                                    The Pod also uses tracking on phone distractions, harsh
                                                    braking, acceleration, speed and night-time driving to
                                                    calculate our customers driver score. This score is then
                                                    uploaded automatically on a weekly basis through the
                                                    app, so customers can instantly view their driving habits.
                                                    Through this channel, our customers can stay closer than
                                                    ever to their feedback on how to improve their driving
                                                    performance, and ultimately bring their premiums down.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
36   Strategic Report




        Our Strategy
        3. Evolution of Motor
        continued




        Pioneer’s investment in Wagonex
        In 2022, Admiral Group’s venture building
        business Admiral Pioneer made its first
        strategic investment into Wagonex, one
        of the UK’s leading mobility subscription
        platform provider.
        Wagonex, designs, builds, and manages flexible,
        all‑inclusive technology automotive subscriptions
        which enable vehicle suppliers to offer subscription
        options direct to consumers.
        This investment supports Admiral Group’s ambition
                                                                     “Our aim is to support long-term
        to diversify and enhance its digital proposition and         diversification by identifying new markets
        extend into new mobility trends. It will also provide the
        Group, which already offers short-term motor insurance,
                                                                     and ventures where our existing strengths and
        with insight into the specific insurance needs of vehicles   knowledge give us a competitive advantage.
                                                                     We believe that Wagonex’s best-in-class
        provided to customers on a subscription basis.

                                                                     technology and strong position in the rapidly
                                                                     expanding car subscription market makes it
                                                                     a perfect fit for our first strategic investment.
                                                                     We look forward to working closely with Toby
                                                                     and the team as they continue to expand
                                                                     Wagonex in the UK and beyond.”
                                                                     Emma Huntington
                                                                     CEO, Admiral Pioneer


                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                 37




                                                                                                                 Company Overview
                                                    Tap. Vey. Go –
                                                    Veygo’s new and improved app
                                                    Since its launch in 2017, Veygo’s journey
                                                    has gone from strength to strength.
                                                    With the vision to anticipate future trends
                                                    in the short-term insurance marketplace,


                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
                                                    keeping up to date within the digital space
                                                    is essential.
                                                    Veygo product marked 5 years of trading in October
                                                    2022. The brand offers flexible, short term car insurance
                                                    for customers looking for learner driver insurance or
                                                    temporary insurance. The product is key to our growth




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
                                                    in motor evolution and diversification. With 3 million
                                                    policies already purchased by its happy customers,
                                                    we can’t wait to see what else is to come for our
                                                    colleagues in Veygo. Although it is only 5 years old,
                                                    the speed in which technology evolves in our fast-
                                                    developing world, meant, in order to meet and exceed
                                                    our customer’s needs, it was time to further develop
                                                    the app and its capabilities.




                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                                                    Tap.Vey.Go is the new campaign to tell customers
                                                    about the new and improved Veygo app, making sure
                                                    temporary and learner insurance is available for our
                                                    customers on the go. It is another example of how we’re
                                                    bringing our business strategy to life, ensuring excellent
                                                    customer service, increasing customer retention,
                                                    and excelling in tech. We’ve also made it possible for
                                                    customers to purchase monthly rolling subscription
                                                    policies through the website with zero cancellation




                                                                                                                 Additional Information
                                                    fees on expiry. It demonstrates Veygo’s commitment
                                                    to meet customer’s developing needs of on
                                                    demand cover.
                                                    Veygo’s new app, has developed the tech further to
                                                    improve the customer experience and make it easier
                                                    for customers to get what they want much quicker,
                                                    significantly reducing the number of screens and
                                                    questions they must answer before being shown a
                                                    price. This has made the speed of getting cover a lot
                                                    quicker for our customers. In addition, all of Veygo’s
                                                    propositions are now on the app, making it easier for
                                                    customers to get the exact product they are after.
                                                    The app is designed specifically with young people
                                                    in mind and making sure we can provide the correct
                                                    product in the correct ways to our customers.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
38   Strategic Report




     Our Sustainability Approach


     We have a purpose-led sustainability approach which provides an agreed upon
     framework to focus investments and drive strong sustainable performance.
     At the core of our approach is Admiral’s purpose to help more people look after
     their future. Always striving for better, together. Our sustainability approach
     builds on our purpose and purpose framework and targets four key areas –
     Customers, People, Society, and Business.




                              People
                                                                                                            ork
                                                                                                         tow
                                                                                                       e
        Highlights in 2022                                                                Gre
                                                                                             at
        19th
        Best Multinational
                               3rd
                               Great Place To
                                                  86%
                                                  of colleagues
                                                                                                pla
                                                                                                   c
        Workplace in Europe    Work for women     believe Admiral is a
                               in the UK          great place to work19

                                                                                                      Help more
                                                                                                       people to
                                                                                                      look after
                                                                                                    their future.
                              Society                                                         i
                              (Community and                                              ive
                                                                                     Posit
                              Environment)                                                   m
                                                                                               pa   ct
        Highlights in 2022                                                                             on
        Over                   32% >£400k                                                                 soc
                                                                                                             iety
        3,300                  reduction in
                               scope 1 and 2
                                                  donated via our Global Emergency Fund

        recorded volunteer     carbon emissions
        hours by employees




                                                                            Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                    39




                                                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



       Read more about our sustainability




                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
       approach on page 68

       Our performance this year is described
       on page 40                                                                                                          Striving
                                                                                                                           for better
                                                                                                                           together.
                                                                                                                           Admiral Group plc
                                                                                                                           Sustainability Report 2022




                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                                   Download the PDF of the Sustainability
                                                                                                                                   Report at admiralgroup.co.uk




                                                               Customer
                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
Grea
    t cu
        sto
           m

                                        ces
                                                               Highlights in 2022


                                    rien                       >50                                                                                      >85%
                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
                                                                                                 Voted
                                  pe
                                ex
                                                               Group average NPS                 Best Big Insurance                                     UK Motor customers likely



                             er
                                                               across all countries17            Company in the                                         to renew after a claim18
                                                                                                 UK Insurance
                                                                                                 Choice Awards
Always
striving
for better,
together.
                                                               Business
                               us
                                 ine
                                    ss
                         lb
            sfu                                                Highlights in 2022
          es
      Succ
                                                               +259% AA
                                                               Total Shareholder Return    20
                                                                                                               MSCI ESG rating
                                                                                                                                                            50%
                                                                                                                                                            average Return on
                                                                                                                                                            Equity last 5 years21




17 Relational NPS, methodology updated in 2022                                   20 Total Shareholder Return (TSR) for Admiral Group plc shares
18 UK Motor customers , monthly score averaged over the year                        over the ten-year period to 31 December 2022
19 Great Place To Work (GPTW) survey result                                      21 Weighted average


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
40   Strategic Report




     Key Performance Indicators


     In order to implement, develop and measure
     the Group’s strategic performance,
     we monitor several financial and non-financial
     key performance indicators (‘KPIs’).




        Financial measures

        Group Profit                              Growth                                 International Growth
        Group share of profit before tax          Group customer numbers                 International customers



        -39%
        (2021: +26%)
                                                  +11%
                                                  (2021: +9%)
                                                                                         +13%
                                                                                         (2021: +13%)


        Diversification                           Shareholder Returns                    Capital Position
        UK Household customers                    EPS                                    Solvency ratio



        +18%
        (2021: +14%)
                                                  -41%
                                                  (2021: +24%)
                                                                                         180%
                                                                                         (2021: 195%)




        Non-financial measures

        Customer satisfaction                     Customer service                       Digital strides
        Customers likely to renew after a claim   Net Promoter score                     Customer engagement



        >85%                                      >50                                    >50%
                                         22                                                                        23



        (2021: >90%)                              (2021: >50%)                           >50% MTAs23 done online


        Great place to work                       Positive impact on society             Net Zero by 2040
        GPTW rankings                             Number of hours donated by employees   Carbon emissions reductions



        4th                                       +3,300                                 32%
                                                                                                             24



                                                                                         (2021: -8%)


        22 Monthly score averaged over the year
        23 Mid Term Adjustments (UK operations)
        24 Reduction in scope 1 & 2 emissions



                                                                                     Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                    41




2022 Awards
                                                                                                                    Company Overview




                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
                                                                                   Other Awards




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                           Best Companies          Best Car and Home
                                                                                   Insurance provider,
                                                                                   Insurance Choice Awards

                                                                                   Recognised by the Fundación




                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
                                                                                   Diversidadas as being
                                                                                   a Diverse and Inclusive
                                                                                   Workplace, Spain

                                                                                   Listed on Forbes’ list of
                                                                                   American Best Insurance
                                                                                   Companies, US

                                     Great Place to        Best Big Companies      India’s Best Workplaces
                                                                                   in IT and IT-BPM




                                                                                                                    Additional Information
                                                           to Work For in the UK
                                     Work International
                                                           2nd                     Best Big Insurance company,
                                                                                   Insurance Choice Awards

                                                                                   Team of the Year (IT Digital),
                                                           Best Big Company for    Fintech Awards Wales

                                                           Wellbeing               Listed in Top 75 Social
                                                                                   Mobility Employer Index, UK

                                                                                   Élection du Service
                                                                                   Client de l’Année (ESCDA)
   Great Place                       Best Multinational                            Award, France
                                     Workplace in Europe
   to Work UK
                                     19th
                                                                                   Atlantic Canada’s Top
                                                                                   Employers and Nova Scotia’s
                                                                                   Top Employers, Canada
                                     Great Place to                                Richmond Times Dispatch
                                     Work Italy                                    Top Workplaces, US

                                     4th                                           Silver Award, Workplace
                                                                                   Wellbeing Wales awards
                                     Great Place to                                Best Workplace for
                                     Work France                                   Wellbeing UK, 4th
   Great Place to Work
   UK Best Workplaces
                                     7th                                           Best Place to Work in Data,

   4th                               Great Place to
                                     Work Canada
                                                                                   DataIQ Awards

                                                                                   Best Car Finance Provider
   Best Workplace                                                                  of the Year, Moneyfacts
   for Women
                                     4th                                           Armed Forces Employer

   3rd                               Great Place to
                                     Work Spain
                                                                                   Recognition Scheme
                                                                                   Gold Award



                                     2nd
Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
42   Strategic Report




     Group Chief Financial Officer’s Review


                        Geraint Jones
                        Group Chief
                        Financial
                        Officer




                                        “The Group delivered a
                                          solid set of results in
                                          2022 within the context of
                                          macroeconomic uncertainty
                                          and the highest level of
                                          inflation in decades.“
                                                                   Adding value.
                                                                   Delivering
                                                                   difference.




                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                          43




                                                                                                                          Company Overview



With the impact of the pandemic                            2022 was undeniably a challenging year, though with one



                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
                                                           or two exceptions, the Group result was pretty pleasing.
fading, spiking inflation across                           There are lots of moving parts in the comparisons of
our markets was the big story for                          course (which are discussed in detail in the strategic
Admiral in 2022.                                           review), but there are a few stand-out observations:
This had a number of impacts around the Group,             Looking first at the UK Insurance result,
but most important was probably the notable                we unsurprisingly see a big fall against 2021 but a




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
increase in average claims costs, especially to            small increase v 2019. Maybe it goes without saying,
damage claims. We back ourselves to manage                 but the reduction from 2021 is very predominantly
insurance cycles effectively – quickly identifying         motor insurance related and is mainly due to the
and responding to trends – and we increased prices         combination of a) the unwind of the positive covid
significantly during the year, especially in the UK and    related impacts and b) the higher inflation in 2022.
US, to counteract the inflation. In the UK particularly,   Those effects led to higher current year claims and
our rates appear to have moved materially more             lower profit commission.
than competitors (until the last quarter maybe),
                                                           The UK Household result was also impacted by
and hence we stopped growing in UK motor in H2.




                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
                                                           much higher than usual severe weather-related claims
Loss ratios were adversely impacted despite the
                                                           (seen across the market), significantly moving the
rate increases.
                                                           result from a profit of £21 million to a loss of £6 million.
We noted when reporting our half year results              If we adjust both years to take out the impact of
in August 2022 that 2019 is a better comparison            severe weather and subsidence claims, profit would
to the 2022 figures, rather than the exceptional           have been broadly flat at around £25 million.
2020 and 2021 years which were distorted by the
                                                           Comparing back to 2019, UK profit and turnover
huge positive impact of the pandemic on claims
                                                           were modestly higher in 2022, though the increase
costs and profitability. My review of the results




                                                                                                                          Additional Information
                                                           in customer numbers is much higher at nearer 30%.
therefore looks also at 2019, the last pre-pandemic
full year:                                                 There are various offsetting movements that result
                                                           in the higher profit, including the worse weather in
                                                           2022, but also stronger back year reserve movements
                                                           and associated profit commission in 2022 compared
                                                           to more positive current year claims in 2019.

£m                                              2022          2021             2019     Change v 2021    Change v 2019
UK Insurance                                    616           894              598              (278)            +18
Europe Insurance                                 (5)            1                9                (6)            (14)
US Insurance                                    (49)          (13)             (10)              (36)            (39)
Admiral Money                                     2            (6)              (8)               +8             +10
Admiral Pioneer                                 (16)          (10)               –                (6)            (16)
Share scheme cost                               (52)          (63)             (49)              +11              (3)
Other costs                                     (27)          (34)             (35)               +7              +8
Continuing operations
pre-tax profit                                  469           769              505              (300)             (36)
Restructure cost                                  –           (56)               –               +56                –
Continuing operations profit
after restructure cost                          469           713              505              (244)             (36)




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
44   Strategic Report




     Group Chief Financial Officer’s Review
     continued

     In UK motor, at the end of 2022 we have reduced the         Investments and investment income
     size of the margin in the booked reserves (though it        Another feature of 2022 was volatility in financial markets,
     wasn’t a significant driver of profit), in part because     particularly in terms of higher interest rates (three year
     some of what we hold that margin for has manifested         UK gilt up from 0.7% to 3.6%) and wider spreads on
     in the best estimate reserves (in terms of higher           corporate bonds (UK investment grade spreads up
     inflation). Our philosophy regarding reserving remains      ~80bps). Admiral’s investment strategy (unchanged for a
     sacrosanct and the closing margin position remains          while) is reasonably cautious and is focussed on matching
     very cautious – around a 95th percentile position –         asset and liability duration (average life of the assets
     which is aligned with the top end of the accounting         and claims liabilities is around three years), currency and
     policy range we expect to adopt under IFRS17 from           to some extent inflation. The portfolio is of high credit
     2023. If there are no big shocks in claims development      quality, and we hold very prudent levels of liquid assets.
     moving forward, we expect significant reserve releases      There are appropriate ESG targets in place and we’ve
     to feature as an important part of profit.                  committed to a net zero portfolio by 2040 at the latest.
     Moving now to Europe, where despite the higher              Notwithstanding the above, the portfolio is subject to
     claims inflation and continued strong growth (+15% in       valuation changes from spreads and rate movements
     customer numbers, over €600m turnover), the result          (the latter is well matched to changes in the values of
     was only modestly lower at a loss of £5 million vs          claims liabilities). Movements in unrealised losses in 2022
     a profit of £1 million in 2021 (£9m profit in 2019).        were £256m, though values recovered notably in the last
     The combined EU motor result was only very slightly         months of the year and into early 2023. As rates moved
     negative (higher loss ratios, investing in expanding        up in the year and maturing assets and cash inflows were
     distribution in Spain were notable drivers), and we         invested, the level of return increased (average return
     continued to invest in expanding the product line           in 2022 of 1.6% vs 1.1% in 2021). If rates remain higher
     (particularly Household in France and Pet in Italy).        than their long-term lows for the foreseeable future
     Given the backdrop, I think it’s a decent result for        then we will earn higher investment income (for context,
     what continues to become a more material part of            each additional 100bps of return = ~£35m in additional
     the Group.                                                  investment income).
     A disappointing change in 2022 though was the
                                                                 IFRS17
     Elephant result in the US, which was a bit under
     £40 million worse than both comparative years.              Big change is coming from 2023 with the new IFRS17
     The US auto insurance market experienced severe             insurance accounting standard finally coming into effect.
     increases in the cost of claims during the year,            Our team has worked extremely hard to get us ready for
     and despite substantial rate increases, Elephant’s loss     the new standard which will introduce big differences in
     ratio was adversely impacted (85% in 2022 v 73% and         accounting and presentation.
     82% in 2021 and 2019 respectively). The H2 result was       We held a market briefing in November 2022 on the key
     worse than H1, as the rate increases take their time        impacts for Admiral (slides and webcast on our corporate
     to impact the results and claims costs continued to         website are worth a look) and to reiterate those key
     inflate. Many or even most of Elephant’s competitors        messages are:
     appear to have fared much worse. As my colleagues
     have noted, we’re assessing the best way forward for        • No change on Admiral’s strategy or the ultimate
     Elephant, and in the meantime the focus of the team           profitability of our businesses
     is on materially improving the combined ratio and           • No change on dividend policy or expectations
     significantly reducing the loss.                            • Admiral will use the simplified approach, though there
     And finally, returning back to the UK – Admiral               may be some impacts on timing of profit recognition
     Money delivered its first full year profit – small at the   • We will continue to be very prudent in claims reserving
     minute admittedly but given the economic situation,
                                                                 It’ll be interesting to see if the adoption of the standard
     it’s a fine result the team should be very proud of,
                                                                 leads to improved transparency and comparability.
     and we believe it’s the first of many, hopefully growing,
                                                                 I’d like to close by very sincerely thanking the IFRS17
     positive results. We remain prudently provided for
                                                                 project team for their work over the past few years –
     expected credit losses. We continue also to invest
                                                                 nice work team!
     in growing new businesses under the Admiral Pioneer
     umbrella – notably Veygo (flexible short term car
     insurance) and Toolbox by Admiral (business insurance       Geraint Jones
     for tradespeople) both of which are making very             Group Chief Financial Officer
     nice progress. Hopefully exciting times ahead for
                                                                 7 March 2023
     those businesses.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                  45




                                                                                                                                                                  Company Overview



2022 Group Overview


                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                 % change vs.      % change vs.
£m                                                                                 2022               2021              2019           2021              2019
Group Turnover (£bn)*1*2*3                                                        3.68               3.51              3.30              +5%             +12%
Underwriting result including investment
income*1*2                                                                       143.3             347.0             238.0             –59%              –40%
Profit commission                                                                170.9             304.5             114.9             –44%              +49%




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
Net other revenue and expenses*1                                                 166.7             129.4             164.7             +29%               +1%
Operating profit                                                                 480.9             780.9             517.6             –38%               –7%
Group profit before tax *3                                                       469.0             769.0             505.1             –39%               –7%
Group profit before tax, including
restructure cost                                                                 469.0             713.5             505.1             –34%                –7%

Analysis of profit:
UK Insurance                                                                    615.9              894.0             597.9             –31%               +3%




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
 International Insurance                                                        (53.8)             (11.6)             (0.9)              nm                nm
   International Insurance – European Motor                                      (1.6)               4.8               9.0               nm                nm
   International Insurance – US Motor                                           (48.9)             (13.0)             (9.6)              nm                nm
   International Insurance – Other                                               (3.3)              (3.4)             (0.3)              nm                nm
Admiral Money                                                                     2.1               (5.5)             (8.4)              nm                nm
Other                                                                           (95.2)            (107.9)            (83.5)            –12%              +14%
Group profit before tax*3                                                       469.0              769.0             505.1             –39%               –7%




                                                                                                                                                                  Additional Information
Key metrics:
Group loss ratio*1*4                                                          72.0%               58.5%             64.9%            +14pts             +7pts
Group expense ratio*1*4                                                       29.7%               26.7%             23.7%             +3pts             +6pts
Group combined ratio*1*4                                                     101.7%               85.2%             88.6%            +17pts            +13pts
Customer numbers (million)                                                      9.28                8.36              6.98            +11%              +33%

Earnings per share*3                                                           124.3p            212.2p            143.7p             –41%               –14%
Dividends per share*5                                                          112.0p            187.0p            140.0p             –40%               –20%
Special dividends from sale of Penguin Portals                                  45.0p             92.0p                 –                 –                  –
Return on Equity*1*3                                                             35%               56%               52%             –21pts             –17pts
Solvency Ratio*1                                                                180%              195%              190%             –15pts             –10pts
*1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of this report for definition and explanation
*2 Underwriting profit including investment income includes prior period claims reserve releases on business originally reinsured but subsequently commuted.
   Excluding these releases, the 2022 underwriting result is a loss of £45.6 million (2021: profit of £157.8 million, 2019: profit of £116.3 million)
*3 Group Turnover, Group Profit before tax, Earnings per share, Return on equity presented on a continuing operations basis. 2021 Group profit before tax,
   Earnings per share and Return on equity exclude the impact of the £55.5 million UK Insurance restructure cost
*4 See note 14 for a reconciliation of Turnover and reported loss and expense ratios to the financial statements. Ratios exclude the impact of the UK Insurance
   restructure cost in 2021
*5 The 2019 dividend of 140.0 pence per share includes the deferred special element of the 2019 final dividend of 20.7 pence per share that was paid alongside
   the interim 2020 dividend




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
46   Strategic Report




     2022 Group Overview


     Group highlights                                                – Admiral Money reported its first profit of £2 million
     The Group delivered a solid set of results in 2022                (2021: £6 million loss); within the context of
     within the context of macroeconomic uncertainty and               macroeconomic uncertainty the business continued
     the highest level of inflation in decades. In response,           a prudent approach to growth, maintaining
     the business increased prices and rates where applicable,         favourable default experience and tightening
     but the impact of these changes will take time to                 lending criteria
     earn through in the underlying result. This is within a         – Other Group items decreased to £95 million
     context of two outlier years of elevated Group profits            (2021: £108 million), impacted by lower share
     in 2020 and 2021, as a result of Covid and other factors.         scheme costs and higher investment income at the
     Hence, comparisons include both the 2021 year impacted            parent company level, partially offset by a larger
     by Covid, but also the 2019 pre-Covid year.                       investment in Admiral Pioneer
     Highlights of the Group’s results for 2022 are as follows:    Economic uncertainty, Covid-19, and the cost
     • Businesses across the Group grew strongly in 2022           of living crisis
       with turnover up 5% and customer numbers up 11%             Macro-economic uncertainty and high levels of inflation
       year-on-year:                                               impacted the market and the Group’s performance
       – The UK Motor business grew in the first half of           in 2022.
         the year primarily driven by growth in renewals           In Motor insurance, elevated used car prices continued
         customers, although this growth reversed in the           to drive inflation, which together with higher repair
         second half as Admiral maintained pricing discipline,     costs, longer repair timescales and higher projections of
         increasing prices ahead of the market. Overall Motor      future wage inflation, contributed to significantly higher
         customers and turnover were both down 1%                  claims inflation across the countries in which Admiral
         compared to 2021                                          operates. Admiral took a disciplined approach to preserve
       – UK Household continued to grow customer                   underwriting margin, increasing prices in all businesses,
         numbers strongly (+20%), which alongside a notable        which impacted growth. The impacts of these price
         contribution from UK Travel led to overall UK Insurance   changes are expected to continue to flow through into
         customer growth of 8%                                     2023. In Household insurance, severe weather events
       – Outside the UK, International Insurance customers         had a large impact on results in both the UK and Europe.
         increased by 14%, and turnover by 15%                     Admiral continues to take a long-term approach to the
                                                                   business, maintaining pricing discipline and a prudent
     • Group profit before tax for the year was £469 million,      approach to reserving for insurance claims.
       39% lower than the exceptional result for 2021 and 7%
       lower than 2019:                                            Within the context of an uncertain macroeconomic
                                                                   outlook and increasing interest rates, Admiral Money
       – UK Motor insurance profit was £623 million – lower        took a prudent approach to growth and risk selection,
         than 2021 (£872 million, excluding restructure cost),     tightening underwriting criteria and raising prices.
         as a result of both an increase in claims frequencies     Provisions for credit losses remain appropriately prudent,
         post the low levels during the pandemic and the           though no significant increase in the level of arrears and
         impact of claims inflation, but £31 million higher        defaults has been seen to date.
         than 2019 (£592 million)
       – UK Household was impacted by a number of                  Admiral remained committed to supporting customers,
         severe weather events in 2022 resulting in a loss         people and communities during a challenging 2022.
         of £6 million (2021: £21 million profit), with the        This included a continued focus on customer service.
         severe weather profit impact of £32 million               From an employee perspective, Admiral continued to
         (2021: £4 million)                                        adapt and embrace hybrid working for employees and
                                                                   supported colleagues as part of the cost of living crisis
       – International Insurance business combined result was      through increased salaries and other support measures.
         £42 million lower than 2021:                              From a community perspective, the business renewed
         – This was primarily driven by elevated market-wide       the community fund strategy to focus on supporting
           claims inflation in the US, with a £49 million loss,    employability, investing in new projects and created more
           £36 million worse than 2021 (loss of £13 million)       opportunities for colleagues to get involved.
         – The EU Motor result was also lower with a small
           loss of £2 million compared to a profit of £5 million
           in 2021; also impacted by claims inflation,
           continued competitive market conditions in Italy
           and Spain placing pressure on premiums and
           investment in channel diversification




                                                                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                      47




                                                                          “Admiral continues
                                                                                                                      Company Overview
                                                                            to take a long term
                                                                            approach to the business,
Earnings per share                                                          maintaining pricing
                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
                                                                            discipline and a prudent
Earnings per share (EPS) for 2022, is 124.3 pence
(2021: 212.2 pence). The relative reduction compared

                                                                            approach to reserving for
to 2021 is in line with the fall in pre-tax profit noted
above. 2022 EPS is 14% below the 2019 comparative,

                                                                            insurance claims.”
a larger reduction than the change in pre-tax profit
due to a higher effective tax rate in 2022 compared to




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
2019 (in turn primarily related to the much higher loss
in the US during 2022, against which no deferred tax
is recognised).                                                           Geraint Jones
Return on equity                                                          Group Chief Financial Officer
The Group’s return on equity was 35% in 2022,
21 percentage points lower than 2021 and 17 points
lower than 2019. This is the result of a significant
growth in the average equity since 2019, supporting




                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
the Group’s larger businesses, together with lower
earnings in 2022 as noted above.
Dividends
The Group’s dividend policy is to pay 65% of post-
tax profits as a normal dividend and to pay a further
special dividend comprising earnings not required to
be held in the Group for solvency capital requirements
including appropriate headroom above the regulatory




                                                                                                                      Additional Information
minimum in line with internal risk appetite.
The Board has proposed a final dividend of 52.0 pence
per share (approximately £155 million), split as follows:   The total 2022 financial year dividend, including
• 37.5 pence per share normal dividend; plus                the third special dividend from the Penguin Portals
                                                            disposal, is 157.0 pence per share, approximately
• A special dividend of 14.5 pence per share
                                                            £465 million. Excluding the Penguin Portals special
The 2022 final dividend reflects a pay-out ratio of 91%     dividend, the total 2022 financial year dividend is
of earnings per share for the second half. 52.0 pence       112.0 pence per share, reflecting a pay-out ratio of
per share is 28% lower than the final 2021 dividend of      90% (2021 and 2019 comparatives 88% and 94%).
72.0 pence per share (excluding the 46.0 pence special
                                                            The final dividend payment will be paid on 2 June 2023,
dividend from the sale of Penguin Portals businesses)
                                                            the ex-dividend date is 4 May 2023 and the record
with the movement being broadly in line with the
                                                            date is 5 May 2023.
reduction in post-tax profits.
                                                            The Group’s results are presented in the following
Following the two payments of 46.0 pence per share
                                                            sections as:
alongside interim and final dividends in 2021, a further
special dividend of 45.0 pence per share was paid           • UK Insurance – including UK Motor (Car and Van),
with the 2022 interim dividend, reflecting the final          Household, Travel and Pet
payment of the phased return to shareholders of
                                                            • International Insurance – including L’olivier
the proceeds from the sale of the Penguin Portals
                                                              (France), Admiral Seguros (Spain), ConTe (Italy)
comparison businesses which completed in 2021.
                                                              and Elephant (US)
The total amount returned to shareholders from
the three payments was just over £400 million.              • Admiral Money
                                                            • Other – including Admiral Pioneer (New ventures)
                                                            • Group Capital Structure and Financial Position




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
48   Strategic Report




     UK Insurance



                                  “Admiral’s difference
                                    is it’s unique culture.
                                    It’s one of the
                                    fundamental
                                    cornerstones to our
                                    success over the
     Cristina Nestares
     CEO, UK Insurance


                                    last 29 years.”



                         It’s been another interesting year and   We successfully implemented the new FCA pricing
                                                                  reform at the start of 2022, with the market adjusting
                         one that’s brought some new challenges   in line with our expectations. Shortly after, the UK
                         to contend with. We have navigated       experienced the largest spike in inflation in 40 years
                         our way through by remaining focused,    following the start of the war in Ukraine and alongside
          Read more      keeping our customers central in our     this, a severe supply and demand post-pandemic
          about our                                               shortage significantly impacted claims inflation for
          outlook in     decision making and continuing to find   insurers. Global supply chain shortages of car spare
          Our Q&A on
          pages 24–27    ways to make a difference, but we’ve     parts, subsequent delays to car repairs, limited
                         also faced some unique circumstances     availability of new cars and labour shortages have
                         with not only industry but economy-      all led to higher damage repair and second-hand
                                                                  car costs, with inflation at double digits. The impact
                         wide impacts.                            of these conditions has been felt industry-wide and
                                                                  despite Admiral’s scale advantages providing some
                                                                  protection against these challenges, inevitably,
                                                                  higher claims costs and our prudent reserving
                                                                  philosophy have led to a higher 2022 loss ratio
                                                                  compared to recent years.




                                                                       Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                   49




                                                                                                                                   Company Overview



At Admiral we’ve responded to inflationary pressures       Sustaining competitive advantage by fostering a



                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
by maintaining pricing discipline, increasing prices       strong culture, focusing on core values, and caring
in Motor insurance by more than 20% by the end of          for our people is a consistent and important thread
the year. Our decision to accelerate rate increases        throughout our history. And in 2022, as the cost-
earlier than the market led to a reduction in              of-living crisis began to materialise, in addition
competitiveness and a contraction in our new business      to colleagues’ annual pay reviews, we gave two
market share. However, this is consistent with our         permanent salary increases to our more junior
position on growth; only growing when conditions           colleagues and provided winter weather payments




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
are supportive. We strongly believe this is the right      to help them with their energy bills, making a positive
approach for the long-term sustainability of the           difference for a large proportion of our colleague
business. Although customer loyalty and strong             population. In celebration of the strength of our
retention has helped to sustain the size of our motor      culture and people engagement, we also received
book, we ended the year with our customer base             some external recognition and we’re delighted that
broadly flat year-on-year.                                 our UK business was named the second Best Big
                                                           Company to Work For in the UK and received a special
Despite the challenging trading environment,
                                                           award as Best Big Company for Wellbeing at the              Read more
we remain committed to improving the customer




                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                                                           Best Companies Awards 2022. We remain committed             about Our
experience and have continued to invest in new                                                                         Awards on
                                                           to being there for our colleagues, just as they are         page 41
capabilities enabling customers to access more
                                                           committed to being there for our customers when
services via digital channels. We’ve also advanced
                                                           they need us most.
our multi-product proposition and improved business
resilience by improving the structure of our repair        2022 has certainly been one of the most significant
network. In support of our UK diversification strategy,    and challenging years the insurance industry has
we have continued to invest in our home pricing            navigated in recent decades but I’m incredibly proud
and data analytics capabilities, improved customer         that throughout, we have not lost sight of what




                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
journeys to make it easier to access Admiral’s multi-      makes us Admiral. Remaining consistent with our core
product offering and the discounts this affords            values, leveraging our strengths in pricing and claims,
customers, and we launched a new Pet insurance             continuing to invest in new capabilities for the long-
proposition. In Motor, our tiered product range            term success of the business and looking after our
offers customers more choice and we’ve grown               people will all be remembered as stand out positives
our electric vehicle proposition by more than 60%          for the year. A big thanks to our team for their support,
as well as investing further in pricing and data and       commitment, and hard work!
analytics capabilities.
It was great to see our Household insurance
business proudly celebrate its tenth year in 2022
and our book grew by 20%, ending the year with
1.6 million policies (growing from 1.3 million in 2021).
Notwithstanding this pleasing growth, the Household
business was not immune to the inflationary pressures
already referenced and also had to contend with
several weather events during the year including
storm Eunice, a long dry summer leading to an
increase in subsidence claims and freezing conditions
in the winter months – all of which have affected
current year financial results.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
50   Strategic Report




     UK Insurance
     continued

                        UK Insurance financial performance
                        £m                                                                                                    2022           2021       2020      2019
                        Turnover*1                                                                                      2,784.3           2,751.7    2,672.0   2,635.0
                        Total premiums written                                                                          2,489.7           2,453.2    2,373.3   2,321.7
                        Net insurance premium revenue                                                                     628.8             612.6      539.7     533.2
                        Underwriting profit including investment income*1                                                 247.1             394.9      346.5     257.4
                        Profit commission and other income                                                                368.8             499.1      351.8     340.5
                        UK Insurance profit before tax                                                                    615.9             894.0      698.3     597.9
                        Restructure cost                                                                                      –             (54.0)         –         –
                        UK Insurance profit before tax, including restructure cost                                        615.9             840.0      698.3     597.9
                        *1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to note 14 at the end of this report for definition and explanation

                        Split of UK Insurance profit before tax
                        £m                                                                                                    2022           2021       2020      2019
                        Motor                                                                                              622.6           871.7      683.6     592.0
                        Household                                                                                           (6.3)           21.3       15.4       7.5
                        Travel & Pet                                                                                        (0.4)            1.0       (0.7)     (1.6)
                        UK Insurance profit before tax                                                                     615.9           894.0      698.3     597.9

                        Key performance indicators
                                                                                                                              2022           2021       2020      2019
                        Vehicles insured at year end*1                                                                    4.94m           4.97m      4.75m     4.37m
                        Households insured at year end*1                                                                  1.58m           1.32m      1.16m     1.01m
                        Travel & Pet policies insured at year end*1                                                       0.44m           0.15m      0.07m     0.09m
                        Total UK Insurance customers*1                                                                    6.96m           6.44m      5.98m     5.47m
                        *1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of the report for definition and explanation

                        Key highlights for the UK insurance business for 2022:
                        • Closing UK Insurance customers of just under 7 million, 8% higher than the end of 2021 and 27% higher than
                          the end of 2019, with significant contributions from UK Household and Travel and the UK Motor book slightly
                          lower during 2022
                        • Strong UK Motor profit of £623 million, down from the elevated profit of £872 million in 2021, but higher than
                          the 2019 pre- pandemic profit of £592 million
                        • A loss of £6.3 million for UK Household primarily driven by weather events; excluding the severe weather
                          impact of £31.6 million, profit was £25.3 million




                                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                      51




                                                                                                                                                                      Company Overview



UK Motor Insurance financial review


                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
£m                                                                                                    2022               2021              2020              2019
Turnover*1                                                                                       2,493.0            2,522.5           2,473.8           2,455.3
Total premiums written*1                                                                         2,217.9            2,244.3           2,193.0           2,158.5
Net insurance premium revenue                                                                      471.0              496.5             451.4             452.6
Investment income*2                                                                                 35.0               40.8              50.8              30.4
Net insurance claims                                                                              (159.8)             (86.1)            (97.1)           (164.7)




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Net insurance expenses                                                                            (126.1)             (95.6)            (77.2)            (74.7)
Underwriting profit including investment income*3                                                  220.1              355.6             327.9             243.6
Profit commission                                                                                  170.2              290.6             124.7             112.2
Underwriting profit and profit commission                                                          390.3              646.2             452.6             355.8
Net other revenue*4                                                                                232.3              225.5             231.0             236.2
UK Motor Insurance profit before tax                                                               622.6              871.7             683.6             592.0
Restructure cost                                                                                       –              (49.6)                –                 –




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
UK Motor insurance profit including restructure cost                                               622.6              822.1             683.6             592.0
*1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of this report for definition and explanation
*2 Investment income includes £2.2 million of intra-group interest (2021: £2.7 million; 2020: £2.9 million; 2019: £2.8 million)
*3 Underwriting profit excludes contribution from underwritten ancillaries (included in net other revenue)
*4 Net other revenue includes instalment income and contribution from underwritten ancillaries and is analysed later in the report

Key performance indicators
£m                                                                                                    2022               2021              2020              2019
Reported Motor loss ratio*1,*2                                                                   71.5%              53.0%              49.2%            60.7%




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional Information
Reported Motor expense ratio*1,*3                                                                21.8%              19.7%              19.8%            19.1%
Reported Motor combined ratio*1                                                                  93.3%              72.7%              69.0%            79.8%
Written basis Motor expense ratio*1                                                              20.1%              19.9%              18.8%            18.5%
Reported loss ratio before releases*1                                                            97.8%              78.8%              72.3%            87.6%
Claims reserve releases – original net share*1,*4                                              £124.0m            £128.1m            £104.3m          £121.7m
Claims reserve releases – commuted reinsurance*1,*5                                            £189.1m            £189.2m            £137.3m          £121.7m
Total claims reserve releases*1                                                                £313.1m            £317.3m            £241.6m          £243.4m
Other Revenue per vehicle*1                                                                        £58                 £59                £61              £66
Vehicles insured at year end*1                                                                   4.94m              4.97m              4.75m            4.37m
*1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of this report for definition and explanation
*2 Motor loss ratio adjusted to exclude impact of reserve releases on commuted reinsurance contracts. Reconciliation in note 13b
*3 Motor expense ratio is calculated by including claims handling expenses that are reported within claims costs in the income statement. The impact of reinsurer
   caps is excluded. Reconciliation in note 13c
*4 Original net share shows reserve releases on the proportion of the portfolio that Admiral wrote on a net basis at the start of the underwriting year in question
*5 Commuted reinsurance shows releases, net of loss on commutation, on the proportion of the account that was originally ceded under quota share reinsurance
   contracts but has since been commuted and hence reported in underwriting profit rather than profit commission

UK Motor profit decreased by 29% to £622.6 million (2021: £871.7 million) with the reported combined ratio
increasing to 93.3% (2021: 72.7%), reflecting a higher current year loss ratio (excluding prior year releases) as a
result of higher claims inflation as well as an increase in claims frequency compared to the low levels during the
pandemic. Profit commission was lower than 2021, also due to the lower current year profitability. Both 2020
and 2021 are considered exceptional periods, delivering much lower loss ratios than in previous years as a result
of Covid-related factors.
Market prices increased in the first half of the year in response to the FCA reforms; Admiral remained well positioned
and saw an increase in retention. From a claims perspective, claims frequency gradually increased over the course
of the year although still remains lower than pre-pandemic levels. Global inflation and factors such as a supply
constraints for new cars leading to significant inflation in used car values and hence total loss claims, and car parts,
resulted in much higher claims inflation from Q2 onwards which continued through the remainder of the year.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
52   Strategic Report




     UK Insurance
     continued

                        Admiral increased rates ahead of the market, by over 20% during the year in response to the elevated claims
                        inflation, maintaining pricing discipline and prioritising underwriting profitability over growth. This impacted
                        Admiral’s pricing competitiveness compared to the market and hence impacted the growth of the book,
                        which resulted in a lower number of vehicles insured at the end of the year, compared with the start
                        (2022: 4.94 million; 2021: 4.97 million). Turnover was relatively flat at £2.49 billion (2021: £2.52 billion), as a result
                        of lower average premiums in the Car insurance business. This reflected the lower growth of the book as well as
                        the effects of the FCA reform, and a competitive market environment, in particular as the profile of the book
                        moved towards lower risk, renewals customers.
                        The results were impacted by a number of factors:
                        Underwriting Profit and Profit Commission
                        • Net insurance premium revenue decreased by 5% to £471.0 million (2021: £496.5 million), reflecting lower
                          growth in new business and a lower average premium impacted by the FCA reform which resulted in a shift in
                          mix towards the renewals book (generally lower average premiums), and a lag in the earning of rate increases
                          made in the second, third and fourth quarters of the year.
                        • Investment income was lower at £35.0 million (2021: £40.8 million), with higher underlying investment income
                          being offset by a reduction in income arising from cash held by Admiral relating to the portion of the portfolio
                          that is ceded through quota share reinsurance (£20.0 million reduction; 2021: £1.6 million reduction). Refer to
                          the Investment Income section later in the report.
                        • There are a number of trends impacting UK motor claims in 2022 which resulted in the increase in reported
                          loss ratio (53.0% in 2021 to 71.5% in 2022):
                                                                                                                       Impact of claims
                                                                                                Reported loss ratio   reserve releases –   Reported Loss
                        Reported Motor Loss Ratio                                                  before releases    original net share           Ratio
                        2021                                                                             78.8%                –25.8%            53.0%
                        Change in current period loss ratio                                             +19.0%                                +19.0%
                        Change in claims reserve releases – original net share                                                 –0.5%            –0.5%
                        2022                                                                             97.8%               –26.3%            71.5%

                        • The current period loss ratio increased by 19.0% which is the result of:
                          – Higher than usual levels of claims inflation, particularly in relation to damage claims (further detail
                            follows below)
                          – Continuing return towards pre-pandemic road usage over the last 12 months (although still below historic
                            levels) and therefore an increase in claims frequency compared to 2021
                          – Slightly lower average premium in the period following a shift in portfolio mix towards renewals business
                        • Prior period releases were relatively flat when compared with 2021 at around 26%:
                          – Admiral continues to see favourable development in best estimate reserves, particularly for large bodily
                            injury claims which are initially projected cautiously
                          – This benefit is partially offset by an allowance in the best estimate for the potential effects of excess
                            inflation on bodily injury claims
                          – The margin held above best estimate reserves remains significant and prudent – it is estimated to sit
                            around the 95th percentile confidence level, a reduction from the end of 2021 (contributing to the prior
                            period reserve release) and consistent with the top end of the percentile range the Group expects to set
                            for reserving under IFRS 17




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                        53




                                                                                                                        Company Overview



Claims Inflation and Reserving


                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
Admiral’s actuarial reserving team calculates best estimate claims reserves for UK motor claims reserves,
using standard actuarial techniques applied to paid and incurred claims data, overlayed with assumptions and
judgements where it is considered that the data does not fully reflect potential future trends and developments.
The best estimate claims reserves are validated through comparison with projections performed by an
independent, external actuarial firm. Projections showed an increase in average ultimate claims cost in the first
half of 2022 compared to 2021 of around 11%, and this remained similar for the second half of the year as claims




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
inflation persisted.
The impact of inflation on third party and own damage claims is observed reasonably quickly, with the elevated
levels due to market-wide factors such as high second-hand car values (impacting total loss claims), parts supply
chain issues and underlying challenges in supply of labour leading to higher repair costs.
The longer-term impacts of the current inflation spike on bodily injury claims is highly uncertain. Admiral has
not observed material changes in inflation for bodily injury claims settled in 2022, when compared to 2021.
However, given the longer-tailed nature of these claims, a conservative allowance has been made in the best
estimate reserve is held to reflect the potential impacts of higher than historic levels of future wage inflation




                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
on certain elements of bodily injury claims reserves.
In addition to the inflationary environment, there continues to be a high level of uncertainty within motor
claims across the market arising from (and not limited to), the continued adjustment of claims frequency post
Covid, the impact of the whiplash reforms on smaller bodily injury claims and the future path of the Ogden
discount rate.
As a result of this uncertainty, Admiral continues to hold a significant and prudent margin above best
estimate reserves.




                                                                                                                        Additional Information
• Reserve releases from commuted reinsurance and profit commission were notably lower in 2022 than in 2021,
  with a combined total of £359.3 million (2021: £479.8 million), as follows:
                                                                       Reserve releases
                                                                          – commuted
£m                                                                         reinsurance Profit commission        Total
2021                                                                           189.2             290.6        479.8
Change in commuted releases                                                     –0.1                           –0.1
Change in profit commission                                                                     –120.4       –120.4
2022                                                                          189.1              170.2        359.3

• Releases on reserves originally reinsured but since commuted were flat at £189.1 million (2021: £189.2 million),
  a higher level than seen in years prior to 2021. Underwriting years 2018 – 2020 made a significant contribution,
  consistent with the releases on the original net share, reflecting the larger than usual movements in loss ratios
  for those underwriting years in H1
• Profit commission was significantly lower at £170.2 million (2021: £290.6 million). This is the result of the
  higher current period loss ratio, meaning that no profit commission is recognised on the 2021 or 2022
  underwriting years, compared to the unusually high £150 million recognised on the 2020 underwriting year
  in 2021. Further information on the Group’s co-insurance and reinsurance arrangements is provided later in
  this report
• The reported earned expense ratio was higher at 21.8% in 2022 (2021: 19.7%) with the written basis ratio
  at around 20%. The higher earned basis ratio primarily results from the lower average premiums noted above.
  As a result of movements in the underlying earned expense ratio, net insurance expenses also included a
  higher proportion of costs incurred as a result of quota share reinsurance expense caps (£32.6 million vs
  £10.1 million in 2021) relating to the 2021 and 2022 underwriting years. The caps will result in an increased
  level of profit commission on these underwriting years in the future should they be profitable on an
  ultimate basis




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
54   Strategic Report




     UK Insurance
     continued

                        Other Revenue and Instalment Income
                        UK Motor Insurance Other Revenue – analysis of contribution:
                        £m                                                                                                     2022           2021             2020                2019
                        Contribution from additional products & fees, including those
                        underwritten by Admiral*1                                                                          207.4           200.8             203.4             217.6
                        Instalment income                                                                                   91.3           100.2             100.9              83.9
                        Other revenue                                                                                      298.7           301.0             304.3             301.5
                        Internal costs*2                                                                                   (66.4)          (75.5)            (73.3)            (65.3)
                        Net other revenue                                                                                  232.3           225.5             231.0             236.2
                        Other revenue per vehicle*3                                                                          £58            £59               £61               £66
                        Other revenue per vehicle net of internal costs                                                      £48            £47               £50               £56
                        *1 Additional products underwritten by Admiral included in underwriting profit in income statement but re-allocated to Other Revenue for purpose of KPIs
                        *2 Internal costs reflect an allocation of insurance expenses incurred in generating other revenue
                        *3 Other revenue (before internal costs) divided by average active vehicles, rolling 12-month basis

                        Admiral generates other revenue from a portfolio of insurance products that complement the core car insurance
                        product, and also fees generated over the life of the policy.
                        The most material contributors to net other revenue continue to be:
                        • Profit earned from Motor policy upgrade products underwritten by Admiral, including breakdown, car hire and
                          personal injury covers
                        • Revenue from other insurance products, not underwritten by Admiral
                        • Fees such as administration and cancellation fees
                        • Interest charged to customers paying for cover in instalments
                        Overall contribution (other revenue net of costs plus instalment income) was broadly consistent at £232.3 million
                        (2021: £225.5 million).
                        Other revenue per vehicle was £58 (gross of costs; 2021: £59), with Net Other Revenue (after deducting costs)
                        per vehicle at £48 (2021: £47), both largely consistent with 2021.
                        UK Household Insurance financial performance
                        £m                                                                                                     2022           2021             2020                2019
                        Turnover*1                                                                                         255.4           218.8             193.8             171.3
                        Total premiums written*1                                                                           235.9           198.5             175.9             154.9
                        Net insurance premium revenue                                                                       55.6            49.1              43.2              37.2
                        Underwriting (loss)/profit *2                                                                      (13.2)            3.9               2.5               0.7
                        Profit commission and other income                                                                   6.9            17.4              12.9               6.8
                        UK Household insurance (loss)/profit                                                                (6.3)           21.3              15.4               7.5
                        Restructure cost                                                                                       –            (4.4)                –                 –
                        UK Household insurance (loss)/profit including
                        restructure cost                                                                                       (6.3)         16.9              15.4                7.5
                        *1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of this report for definition and explanation
                        *2 Underwriting profit/(loss) excluding contribution from underwritten ancillaries




                                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                       55




                                                                                                                                       Company Overview



Key performance indicators


                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                                                                                       2022     2021    2020    2019
Reported Household loss ratio*1                                                                  91.2%        63.3%    64.8%   69.1%
Reported Household expense ratio*1                                                               33.5%        30.3%    29.4%   28.9%
Reported Household combined ratio*1                                                             124.7%        93.6%    94.2%   98.0%
Impact of severe weather and subsidence (loss ratio)*1                                           32.0%         2.2%     5.3%       –
Impact of severe weather and subsidence (£m)*1                                                     31.6          3.8    4.8%       –




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Households insured at year end*1                                                                 1.58m        1.32m    1.16m   1.01m
*1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of this report for definition and explanation

The household book continued to grow in 2022, with the number of households increasing by 20% to 1.58 million
(2021: 1.32 million) and turnover increasing by 17% to £255.4 million (2021: £218.8 million). The continued level
of growth, within a competitive market environment, was in part driven by continued growth in the multicover
proposition as well as in the price comparison channel.
Average market premiums were lower in the first half of the year as a result of the FCA reforms, and retention




                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
increased for Admiral and the market. Admiral increased rates, particularly in the second half of the year in
response to higher claims inflation.
The reported loss ratio for the period was impacted by severe weather and subsidence events and as a result
was higher at 91.2% (2021:63.3%). The weather events included storms during the first half of the year and
subsidence and freeze events in the second half, with the freeze event contributing roughly half of the 32pt
impact. Excluding the impact of the severe weather events, the reported loss ratio was 59.2% (2021: 61.1%).
Releases from prior year loss ratios reduced the reported loss ratio by 1.9pts (2021: 3.7pts).




                                                                                                                                       Additional Information
The combined ratio of 124.7% (2021: 93.6%) resulted in a net underwriting loss of £13.2 million
(2021: £3.9 million profit), in part offset by profit commission and other income of £6.9 million
(2021: £17.4 million), lower than the prior year as a result of the impact of weather events on profit commission.
This resulted in a £6.3 million loss (2021: £21.3 million profit, excluding restructure cost). Excluding the impact
of the weather events, the Household result was a profit of £25.3 million (2021: £25.1 million). The expense ratio
was also slightly higher at 33.5% (2021: 30.3%) as a result of investment in technology, including a new claims
management system.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
56   Strategic Report




     International Insurance



       “We are proud of our
         performance and look
         forward to an even
         stronger 2023 as we                                                Costantino Moretti


         work towards our
                                                                            CEO, International Insurance



         strateg y of building
         sustainable, scaled,
         and profitable businesses
        in the long-term.”

                        International Insurance                                        diversification, digitisation and infrastructure have
                        In 2022 we continued to strengthen the business                set us on the right footing for profitable growth when
                        fundamentals and preserve scale while we weathered             market conditions improve and more scale is gained,
                        the storm of turbulent market conditions. In each              particularly in France and Spain.
                        of our businesses, inflation caused by the tail-wind           In the US, we saw the same severity inflation trend
                        effects of the pandemic and the Ukrainian-Russian              in 2022 as we did in Europe, but to an even greater
                        war, increased costs of repair and replacement,                extent with, for example, repair costs up a 21% since
                        driving claims severity up throughout the year.                202025. The Elephant team has taken several actions
                        We’re proud that we continued to grow despite new              to curb adverse loss ratio outcomes and protect the
                        vehicle shopping declining across Europe in 2022,              bottom line, including drastic base-rate increases,
                        thanks in large part to continued investment in                reducing exposure to any unprofitable footprint and
                        channel and product diversification by each business           withdrawal from the direct to consumer (expensive)
                        to sustain value creation for our shareholders.                channel. However, these actions are not immediate
                        In Admiral Seguros and Conte, intermediary sales               fixes, and thus we see a disappointing result in the
                        grew to represent 30% and 12% of new business sales            US. We are committed to improving results in the
                        respectively, while in L’olivier efforts in improving direct   US in the short term, and anticipate the actions
                        acquisition contributed to customer growth of 10%.             taken in 2022 will help alleviate loss ratio pressure,
                                                                                       to significantly improve the bottom line result in the
                        Loss ratio results in Europe are mainly a product              near future.
                        of higher claims severity inflation in each country.
                        As costs continued to rise throughout the year,                We are proud of the businesses we’ve built
                        declining or stagnant premiums, especially in Italy,           internationally, and the quality of products and
                        exacerbated loss ratios. This increase in market loss          service that we offer customers in those markets,
                        ratios was partially counterbalanced by our prudent            with several industry awards being won by our
                        approach that led us to increase prices ahead of the           businesses. While 2022 was a challenging year,
                        market. This was in addition to investments in growth          we believe we’ve set our businesses on the right
                        and technology in each of our European businesses.             footing to deliver long-term value to the Group by
                        These elements led to a combined result that is                establishing a diversified set of channels and products,
                        close to breakeven for European Motor insurance                digitising the customer experience to meet them
                        with a small loss of £1.6 million. We are confident            where and when they need it, and modernising our
                        that the investments we’ve made in Europe in                   tech-stack to enable efficient scaling.

                                                                                       25 Data source: CCC; for 2022 data only available YoY up to Q3 2022

                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                     57




                                                                                                                                     Company Overview




                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
                                                   Pascal
                                                   Gonzalvez
                                                   CEO,                                                        Antonio Bagetta
                                                   L’olivier                                                   CEO,
                                                                                                               ConTe




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance



France                                                                  Italy




                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
Over the last three years, the L’olivier portfolio has                  In 2022 ConTe managed to deliver earned profit
increased by 85%, making us one of the fastest                          for the ninth year in a row. We ended the year with
growing motor insurers in the French market. In the                     973,000 happy customers, resulting in double-digit
same period, we also diversified our products and                       growth (+14%).
deployed an ambitious digitalisation strategy.
                                                                        Sustainable growth is our main objective: in the
L’olivier managed to achieve these results in one                       second half of the year we raised our prices materially
of the toughest market environments in decades,                         to protect 2022 profitability and to prepare a robust
with car sales dropping to a record low, while high                     baseline for 2023. As a result, we grew, we kept




                                                                                                                                     Additional Information
inflation suddenly reappeared. Add to that a couple                     the loss ratio under control and we limited average
of historical hailstorms, and you get yourself one                      premium reduction.
very challenging year, to which L’olivier responded
                                                                        Market average premium is still under pressure due
by taking a protective approach toward margins,
                                                                        to the lower number of new car registrations and
leading to a slightly slower pace of growth.
                                                                        lower claims frequency (when compared to pre-Covid).
Our continuous progress in digitisation translated
                                                                        In this context, we built on the Admiral DNA of a
into faster and better service for our customers
                                                                        cost-conscious culture – we limited investments in
and increased efficiency. In addition to operational
                                                                        marketing but were still able to maintain top brand
excellence, this led us to win, for the second year in a
                                                                        awareness as a result of new TV advertisements and
row, the award for “best customer service of the year”
                                                                        a partnership with the Italian National football team.
in the non-life insurance category26 and we maintained
a level of Net Promoter Score (NPS)27 far higher than                   We also continued to improve our digital offering for
market average for insurance.                                           customers which has resulted in improved internal
                                                                        efficiencies, together with an improved customer
Despite the challenging market environment,
                                                                        experience where 50% of customers choose to
L’olivier’s team has been delivering continuous
                                                                        complete transactions online. We are the one of the
improvement and quality to its customers,
                                                                        most appreciated brands among direct insurance
which proves its ability to navigate unstable
                                                                        companies – voted best on Google and Trustpilot.
grounds and keep creating value.
                                                                        Overall, we kept a strong culture of focus and cost
                                                                        control in 2022 but we continued to invest materially
                                                                        in our long-term strategic objectives: data and
                                                                        analytics, as well as channel diversification. All of this
                                                                        has been possible thanks to our people. We are proud
                                                                        to have achieved the 4th place in the Great Place to
                                                                        Work Italy ranking, thanks to our innovative, flexible
                                                                        hybrid model and wellbeing initiatives.




26 Awarded by ESCDA (Elu Service Client De l’Année) https://escda.fr/
27 Based on analysis by L’observatoire des Parcours Clients by PMP
   and Skeepers

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
58   Strategic Report




     International Insurance
     continued

                                          Sarah Harris
                                          CEO,
                                          Admiral Seguros                                                             Alberto
                                                                                                                      Schiavon
                                                                                                                      CEO,
                                                                                                                      Elephant




     Spain                                                       US
     In the context of global uncertainty, the Admiral           Persistently high claims inflation was the main theme for
     Seguros team remained focused on a few key things           the US Auto Insurance Industry during 2022 and greatly
     – we continued growing much faster than the market,         impacted Elephant’s short term strategic priorities.
     we signed the first Admiral Group bancassurance             As a response to these market challenges, Elephant took
     agreement with ING in Spain, and we continued               decisive action including substantial base rate increases
     to invest in business transformation. We were also          (+25% in multiple phases), significant reductions in
     proud to be named #2 Best Place to Work in Spain            advertising spend and slowing growth to protect the
     for our size.                                               bottom line. We are confident these changes are sufficient
                                                                 to offset the severity trend we’ve seen: Elephant’s relative
     In 2022 our customer base grew 18% in a slow-growth
                                                                 base rate increases surpassed many key competitors in
     market driven by our multi-channel strategy and
                                                                 the second half of the year, and the loss ratio gap with the
     by better retention and conversion in main sales
                                                                 market continues to trend positively.
     channels. Growth was achieved whilst we increased
     prices in reaction to higher inflation. In June we signed   As Elephant saw the impacts of claims frequency
     a long-term distribution agreement with ING for             normalising to near pre-pandemic levels, the business
     auto insurance after a competitive tender process in        experienced a record high increase in overall repair costs
     Spain. The partnership is a recognition of our excellent    impacting claims severity, increasing 8% versus the
     customer experience and capabilities.                       market increase of around 11%28. As we wait for the rate
                                                                 actions to earn through, the 2022 overall loss to Admiral
     As part of the Admiral 2.0 strategy, we continued
                                                                 was £48.9 million29.
     to invest in business transformation. We adopted
     Scaled Agile and started a refresh of key parts of our      Elephant’s actions to slow growth as we weather the market
     technology stack that will be key for our future.           cycle resulted in a 1% reduction in policies in-force since the
                                                                 first half of the year. To further achieve the scale needed
     In the meantime, we worked to embed our core loss
                                                                 and control the high cost of acquisition, we have focused
     ratio capabilities into newer channels and continued
                                                                 our acquisition efforts towards higher retaining customers
     to innovate in digital processes to provide a better
                                                                 and expanded distribution towards independent agencies.
     customer experience.
                                                                 Vehicles-per-policy increased from 1.5 to 1.8, helping to
     Our 2022 actions have required investment which             maximize the yield on our marketing spend.
     have impacted the short-term results for the business,
                                                                 As we move into 2023, we will continue to protect the
     but we are confident we’ve made the right choices for
                                                                 bottom line and optimise customer lifetime value and
     long-term value-creation. In 2023 we will continue our
                                                                 expect to see our actions become more visible in our
     path towards sustainable scale in our motor business.
                                                                 earned results.
     We strive to do this whilst improving efficiency,
     building competitive advantage across all channels,         While 2022 was a challenging year, Elephant was
     and fostering a culture that thrives in the hybrid world    recognised on the Forbes list of America’s Best Insurance
     and is customer obsessed. We are proud of what we           Companies 2023. Elephant was one of only 35 carriers out
     have achieved so far and excited about what 2023 has        of 3,300 evaluated to make the list, providing confidence
     in store.                                                   that the investments we’ve made in serving our
                                                                 customers over the years haven’t gone unnoticed. This is
                                                                 certainly a solid recognition from our customers that our
                                                                 staff delivers great service at every stage of the policy.
                                                                 I remain incredibly grateful for their tremendously hard
                                                                 work, resilience, and positive attitude.
                                                                 28 Data source: CCC; YoY to Q3 2022
                                                                 29 Elephant loss – 2022: £48.9 million; 2021: £13.0 million


                                                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                    59




                                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



International Insurance financial performance


                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
£m                                                                                                      2022            2021              2020              2019
Turnover*1                                                                                        795.9              690.3             648.8             623.6
Total premiums written*1                                                                          720.5              623.8             584.0             562.6
Net insurance premium revenue                                                                     241.8              221.0             204.2             168.6
Investment income                                                                                   2.3                0.5                 –               1.5
Net insurance claims                                                                             (220.3)            (170.8)           (139.3)           (137.2)




                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Net insurance expenses                                                                           (115.1)             (91.7)            (78.8)            (53.0)
Underwriting result including investment income*1                                                 (91.3)             (41.0)            (13.9)            (20.1)
Net other revenue                                                                                  37.5               29.4              22.7              19.2
International Insurance result                                                                    (53.8)             (11.6)              8.8              (0.9)

Key performance indicators
Reported Loss ratio*2                                                                            80.9%              73.7%             64.3%             76.8%
Expense ratio*2                                                                                  44.5%              44.8%             43.9%             37.6%




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
Combined ratio*3                                                                                125.4%             118.5%            108.2%            114.4%
Combined ratio, net of Other Revenue*4                                                          110.1%             106.3%             97.9%            103.7%
Vehicles insured at period end                                                                   2.04m              1.81m             1.60m             1.42m
*1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of this report for definition and explanation
*2 Loss ratios and expense ratios have been adjusted to remove the impact of reinsurer caps so the underlying performance of the business is transparent
*3 Combined ratio is calculated on Admiral’s net share of premiums and excludes other revenue. It excludes the impact of reinsurer caps. Including the impact of
   reinsurer caps the reported combined ratio would be 2022: 139%; 2021: 119%; 2020: 107%; 2019: 113%
*4 Combined ratio, net of other revenue is calculated on Admiral’s net share of premiums and includes Other Revenue. Including the impact of reinsurer caps the
   reported combined ratio, net of other revenue would be 2022: 123%; 2021: 107%; 2020: 96%; 2019: 102%




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
International Motor Insurance – Geographical analysis
2022                                                                               Spain                Italy         France                US              Total
Vehicles insured at period end (m)                                                0.43              0.97              0.40              0.24              2.04
Turnover*1 (£m)                                                                  104.6             227.9             194.9             268.5             795.9
2021                                                                               Spain                Italy         France                US              Total
Vehicles insured at period end (m)                                                 0.37                 0.85          0.36              0.23               1.81
Turnover*1 (£m)                                                                    88.5                212.7         175.7             213.4              690.3
*1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of this report for definition and explanation

Split of International Insurance result
£m                                                                                                      2022            2021              2020              2019
European Motor                                                                                      (1.6)               4.8              15.3                9.0
US Motor                                                                                           (48.9)             (13.0)             (4.8)              (9.6)
Other                                                                                               (3.3)              (3.4)             (1.7)              (0.3)
International Insurance result                                                                     (53.8)             (11.6)              8.8               (0.9)




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
60   Strategic Report




     International Insurance
     continued

     Admiral has several insurance businesses outside                ConTe in Italy saw a profitable year with improved
     the UK: Spain (Admiral Seguros), Italy (ConTe),                 customer retention despite a highly competitive
     France (L’olivier) and the US (Elephant Auto).                  market resulting in continued premium pressure.
                                                                     Vehicles insured increased by 14% to 0.97 million
     The key features of the International Insurance
                                                                     (31 December 2021: 0.85 million), with the business
     results are:
                                                                     continuing to invest in growth through innovation
     • Positive growth trajectory continued in 2022 within           and distribution expansion.
       competitive markets, with customer numbers
                                                                     Admiral Seguros (Spain) saw continued growth,
       increasing by 13% to 2.04 million (2021: 1.81 million)
                                                                     with an 18% increase in customer numbers to over
       and combined turnover rising by 15% to
                                                                     0.43 million (2021: 0.37 million). This was largely
       £795.9 million (2021: £690.3 million)
                                                                     driven by growth in the broker channel and improved
     • An aggregate loss of £53.8 million                            retention, although overall results were impacted
       (2021: £11.6 million loss), consisting of a loss in the       by strong inflation in the market. The business also
       European Motor insurance businesses of £1.6 million           invested in strengthening existing distribution
       (2021: £4.8 million profit) and a deterioration               channels, exploring growth through new partnerships,
       in Elephant Auto’s result (increased loss from                and progressing in its agile transformation.
       £13.0 million to £48.9 million year-on-year)
                                                                     L’olivier Assurance (France) continued to grow strongly
     • A higher combined ratio (net of other revenue)
                                                                     in 2022 and remains one of the fastest growing Motor
       of 110.1% (2021: 106.3%), primarily the result of
                                                                     insurers in the French market. The customer base
       a higher reported loss ratio across the European
                                                                     increased by 11% to 0.40 million (2021: 0.36 million).
       and US motor businesses driven by higher claims
                                                                     L’olivier targeted growth via the direct channel
       inflation across all markets as well as premium
                                                                     and maintained high customer satisfaction
       pressure in the Spanish and Italian markets
                                                                     through continuous digital service and efficiency
     • An investment of £3.3 million (2021: £3.4 million) for        improvements. The result was negatively impacted
       new product development primarily related to the              by high inflation and several hail events in H1 that
       new French home insurance business and several                had an estimated £2 million impact.
       product tests in Italy
                                                                     US Motor Insurance
     European Motor Insurance
                                                                     In the US, Admiral underwrites motor insurance in
     Admiral’s European insurance operations in Spain,
                                                                     eight states through its Elephant Auto business.
     Italy, and France insured 1.80 million vehicles at
                                                                     Elephant insured 0.24m vehicles at the end of 2022,
     31 December 2022, 14% more than the previous year
                                                                     4% higher than 2021 (2021: 0.23m) and Turnover
     (31 December 2021: 1.58 million). Turnover increased
                                                                     increased to £268.5 million (2021: £213.4 million).
     by 10% to £522.9 million (2021: £474.6 million).
     The combined European Motor result reflected a net              The business reported a higher loss of £48.9 million
     loss of £1.6 million (2021: £4.8 million), with profitability   (2021: £13.0 million loss) largely due to a surge
     in Italy offset by more challenging outcomes because of         in claims severity inflation across the US market.
     competitive market pressures in France and Spain.               To mitigate the impact of higher inflation,
                                                                     Elephant raised base rates materially, by more than
     The European combined ratio net of other revenue
                                                                     30%, and prioritised higher customer lifetime value
     (excluding the impact of reinsurer caps) increased to
                                                                     over new sales growth. In particular, the composition
     104% from 99%, primarily driven by lower average
                                                                     of the book shifted towards higher quality, multi-
     premiums and higher claims inflation. In addition,
                                                                     vehicle policies. Targeted expansion in the agency and
     these businesses continued to focus on improving
                                                                     partnership channels also provided mechanisms by
     core fundamentals, whilst investing in the future
                                                                     which the business can continue to scale efficiently.
     of the business through expansion into new
                                                                     Changes in reinsurance agreements from the 2022
     diversification opportunities and distribution channels,
                                                                     underwriting year (primarily driven by capital
     particularly the intermediary channel and partnership
                                                                     efficiency considerations) resulted in a further increase
     opportunities, to enhance future growth prospects.
                                                                     in the Admiral net share of losses compared to 2021.




                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             61




Admiral Money
                                                                                                                                             Company Overview




  “We enter 2023 with
                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
    strong momentum:
    we expect to benefit
                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
    from our strong
    position in a                                                       Scott Cargill



    growing market.”
                                                                        CEO,
                                                                        Admiral Money




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                                                                                 Our first full year profit of £2.1 million for 2022 is an
                                                                                 important milestone for the business. We’ve achieved
                                                                                 this whilst continuing to retain appropriate prudence
                                                                                 in our credit loss provision with coverage of 7.2% on
                                                                                 the book which includes post model adjustments of
                                                                                 £11.3 million.




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
                                                                                 Progress in building our capabilities in 2022 has been
                                                                                 strong. The continued adoption of open banking
                       2022 has been a difficult and complex year for many
                                                                                 has improved our decision making and onboarding
                       businesses in the UK, however it has been a very
                                                                                 journey. Enhancing our self-service functionality
                       positive and pleasing year for Admiral Money. We have
                                                                                 now results in 80% of customer transactions being
                       continued our philosophy of safe, efficient growth
                                                                                 processed digitally and new machine learning
                       and despite all the external economic challenges we
                                                                                 models are used to support decision making across
                       delivered our first full year profit.
                                                                                 the business.
                       Admiral Money plays an increasingly important role in
                                                                                 We also continued to make pleasing progress on
                       the consumer lending market. Since launching in 2017
                                                                                 integrating more closely with the UK insurance
                       we are proud to have provided more than 250,000
                                                                                 business to offer loans to these customers, with over
                       customers with over two billion pounds of loans.
                                                                                 50% of our new customer flows from either current
                       Our personal loans and car finance book now stands        or recent Admiral Insurance customers. In addition,
                       at £0.89 billion, our second consecutive year of          we were again winners of the Moneyfacts Consumer
                       45%+ growth and our cost income ratio continues           Awards best car finance provider of the year award.
                       to improve, falling to 49.7% in 2022 (2021: 82%) .
                                                                                 Looking to 2023, we enter with strong momentum.
                       We anticipate this will continue to fall as we approach
                                                                                 We expect to benefit from our strong position in
                       scale. We retain a firm focus on prime lending and
                                                                                 a growing market as we see a continued shift to
                       are seeing increasing proof that UK customers
                                                                                 comparison and credit score marketplaces. I expect
                       are showing a preference for our guaranteed rate
                                                                                 to see continued growth in our loan balances
                       proposition, valuing the certainty and transparency it
                                                                                 towards the £950 million to £1.1 billion range during
                       offers. Our 2022 NPS score of 71 and Trust Pilot score
                                                                                 2023, assuming current economic conditions.
                       of 4.6 is further evidence our exceptional customer
                                                                                 Combined with a tightly controlled cost base,
                       propositions and service commitment is setting us
                                                                                 we should see further improved economics in the
                       apart in the consumer lending market.
                                                                                 coming years.
                       UK inflation and the subsequent cost of living pressure
                                                                                 I am optimistic for 2023 and confident in the team’s
                       it creates has been front of mind since 2021. We made
                                                                                 ability to execute on our business plan. Admiral built
                       early decisive moves to increase the hurdles in our
                                                                                 successful businesses by doing the common things
                       affordability models to ensure that after assessing our
                                                                                 uncommonly well and Admiral Money enters 2023 in
                       customers, we are lending responsibly, and they can
                                                                                 good shape to achieve the same success in UK lending.
                       sustain the loan through any reasonable stress. To date
                       customer payment performance remains positive with        I’d like to finish by thanking our customers and all of
                       low arrears and defaults in line with expectations.       my colleagues and wish everyone the best for 2023.

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
62   Strategic Report




     Admiral Money
     continued

                        Admiral Money distributes and underwrites unsecured                                    The credit loss charge increased to £20.6 million
                        personal loans and car finance products for UK                                         (2021: £10.7 million), driven by the significant
                        consumers through price comparison, credit scoring                                     increase in the portfolio during the year.
                        applications and direct channels. The proposition is                                   Overall, an appropriately prudent approach has been
                        focused on offering real rates to provide customers                                    taken to calculating the credit loss provision, including
                        transparency and certainty.                                                            post model adjustments for cost of living, mortgage
                                                                                                               increases and forecast uncertainty, reflecting the level
                        Admiral Money recorded a pre-tax profit of £2.1 million
                                                                                                               of uncertainty in the current economic environment.
                        in 2022 (improved from £5.5 million loss in 2021),
                                                                                                               For further information, refer to note 7 in the
                        the first full year profit in the history of the business.
                                                                                                               financial statements.
                        Gross loan balances grew strongly, up 46%
                                                                                                               Admiral Money is funded through a combination of
                        to £0.89 billion (2021: £0.61 billion), with a
                                                                                                               internal and external funding sources. The external
                        £63.7 million (2021: £50.2 million) credit loss provision,
                                                                                                               funding is secured against certain loans via transfer
                        leading to a net loans balance of £823.7 million
                                                                                                               of the rights to the cash-flows to two special purpose
                        (2021: £556.8 million). This increase in portfolio led to
                                                                                                               entities (“SPEs”). During H1 2022 one of the SPEs
                        a 60% increase in net interest income to £44.6 million
                                                                                                               was extended, providing funding with improved
                        (2021: £27.8 million).
                                                                                                               terms for the next three years. The securitisation
                        Admiral Money continued to carefully manage                                            and subsequent issue of notes via SPEs does not result
                        affordability and credit criteria for new lending in                                   in a significant transfer of risk from the Group.
                        2022 to reflect the higher interest rate and elevated
                        inflation environment. At the same time interest
                        rates on new loans were increased to reflect the rising
                        cost of our funding. These measures will help ensure
                        sustainable financial performance into the future.


                        Admiral Money Financial Performance
                        £m                                                                                                        2022        2021     2020         2019
                        Net income                                                                                              58.7         36.6      36.8        30.8
                        Interest expense*1                                                                                     (14.1)        (8.8)    (10.1)       (9.1)
                        Net interest income                                                                                     44.6         27.8      26.7        21.7
                        Other income                                                                                             0.3          1.1       2.1         1.9
                        Total income                                                                                            44.9         28.9      28.8        23.6
                        Movement in expected credit loss provision and write-off
                        of Loans                                                                                               (20.6)        (10.7)   (25.8)       (14.3)
                        Expenses                                                                                               (22.2)        (23.7)   (16.8)       (17.7)
                        Admiral Money profit/(loss) before tax                                                                   2.1          (5.5)   (13.8)        (8.4)
                        *1 Includes £1.5 million intra-group interest expense (2021: £2.7 million; 2020: £2.9 million; 2019: £2.8 million)




                                                                                                                        Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                   63




Other Group Items
                                                                                                                                                   Company Overview



Other Group items financial review


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
£m                                                                                                 2022         2021          2020         2019
Share scheme charges, excluding restructure costs                                                (51.7)        (63.3)        (50.9)       (49.0)
Other central overheads                                                                          (16.3)        (19.8)        (22.9)       (20.0)
Finance charges*1                                                                                (12.1)        (11.4)        (12.1)       (11.3)
Admiral Pioneer                                                                                  (15.6)        (10.2)         (0.8)           –
Other business development costs                                                                 (10.9)         (7.2)         (3.3)        (9.3)




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Other interest and investment return                                                              11.4           4.0           4.9          6.1
Other Group items                                                                                (95.2)       (107.9)        (85.1)       (83.5)
*1 Share scheme charges exclude restructuring costs of £1.5 million, recognised in 2021
*2 Includes £0.7 million intra-group interest expense (2021: £nil; 2020: £nil; 2019: £nil)


Share scheme charges relate to the Group’s two                                        Admiral Pioneer, launched in 2020 to focus on new
employee share schemes (refer to note 9 to the                                        product diversification opportunities, made a loss
financial statements). Charges decreased by                                           of £15.6 million in 2022 (2021: £10.2 million).




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
£11.6 million (excluding discontinued operations)                                     The business continued to invest in growing the
in 2022, to £51.7 million. This was more in line with                                 Veygo short term car insurance business, as well
previous years when excluding the elevated level in                                   as investing in new products such as tool insurance
2021 which was linked to a higher share price and                                     in the UK (Toolbox by Admiral).
higher bonus pay-outs due to higher dividends.
                                                                                      Other business development costs reported a
Other central overheads were lower at £16.3 million                                   higher loss of £10.9 million (2021: £7.2 million),
(2021: £19.8 million), and include the cost of a number                               which included an improved loss from Compare.com
of major Group projects such as preparation for                                       of £2.8 million (2021: loss of £3.5 million) offset by




                                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
the significant new insurance accounting standard,                                    increased investments in new ventures.
IFRS 17 and the development of the internal model.
                                                                                      Other interest and investment income increased
Finance charges of £12.1 million (2021: £11.4 million)                                to £11.4 million in 2022 (2021: £4.0 million), as a result
primarily represent interest on the £200 million                                      of higher government bond yields and a £4.7 million
subordinated notes issued in July 2014.                                               gain arising from the sale of government bonds in
                                                                                      the period (2021: nil).




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
64   Strategic Report




     Group Capital Structure and Financial Position


                        The Group continues to manage its capital to ensure that all entities are able to continue as going concerns and
                        that regulated entities comfortably meet regulatory capital requirements. Surplus capital within subsidiaries is
                        paid up to the Group holding company in the form of dividends.
                        The Group’s regulatory capital is based on the Solvency II Standard Formula, with a capital add-on to reflect
                        recognised limitations in the Standard Formula with respect to Admiral’s business, predominantly in respect of
                        profit commission arrangements in co- and reinsurance agreements.
                        The Group continues to develop its partial internal model to form the basis of future capital requirements.
                        As previously noted, the expected timescale for formal application has been extended as a result of a decision
                        by the Board to review certain aspects of the model. In the interim period before submission, the current capital
                        add-on basis will continue to be used to calculate the regulatory capital requirement.
                        The estimated and unaudited regulatory Solvency II position for the Group at the date of this report is as follows:
                        Group capital position (estimated and unaudited)
                                                                                                                                    2022                   2021                  2020
                        Group                                                                                                        £bn                    £bn                   £bn
                        Eligible Own Funds (post dividend)*1                                                                      1.20                   1.36                  1.47
                        Solvency II capital requirement*2                                                                         0.66                   0.70                  0.79
                        Surplus over capital requirement                                                                          0.54                   0.66                  0.68
                        Solvency ratio (post dividend)*3                                                                         180%                   195%                  187%
                        *1 2021 own funds included a deduction for the third tranche of the Penguin Portals dividend that was paid alongside the 2022 interim dividend in October 2022
                        *2 Solvency capital requirement includes updated capital add-on which is subject to regulatory approval
                        *3 Solvency ratio calculated on a volatility adjusted basis

                        The Group’s solvency ratio remains strong at 180%. The solvency ratio reduced by 15 percentage points since
                        the end of 2021, primarily due to a reduction in Own Funds of approximately £160 million as a result of lower
                        generation of economic capital. Widening credit spreads impacted the Own Funds during the first half of the
                        year, with the impact partially reversing during the second half.
                        The Solvency Capital Requirement includes an updated capital add-on which remains subject to regulatory
                        approval. The solvency ratio based on the previously approved capital add-on, that is calculated at the balance
                        sheet date rather than the date of this report, and will be submitted to the regulator within the Q4 Quantitative
                        Reporting Template (QRT) is as follows:
                        Regulatory solvency ratio (estimated and unaudited)                                                         2022                   2021                  2020
                        Solvency ratio as reported above                                                                         180%                   195%                  187%
                        Change in valuation date                                                                                 (11%)                   (5%)                  (5%)
                        Other (including impact of updated, unapproved capital add-on)                                           (19%)                   (9%)                  24%
                        Solvency ratio (QRT basis)                                                                               150%                   181%                  206%

                        The Group’s capital includes £200 million ten year dated subordinated bonds. The rate of interest is fixed at 5.5%
                        and the bonds mature in July 2024. The bonds qualify as tier two capital under the Solvency II regulatory regime.
                        Solvency ratio sensitivities (estimated and unaudited)
                        Estimated sensitivities to the current Group solvency ratio are presented in the table below. These sensitivities
                        cover the two most material risk types, insurance risk and market risk, and within these risks cover the most
                        significant elements of the risk profile. Aside from the catastrophe events, estimated sensitivities have not been
                        calibrated to individual return periods.
                                                                                                                                    2022                  2021                  2020
                        UK Motor – incurred loss ratio +5%                                                                        -11%                   -9%                   -10%
                        UK Motor – 1 in 200 catastrophe event                                                                      -1%                   -1%                    -1%
                        UK Household – 1 in 200 catastrophe event                                                                  -4%                   -3%                    -2%
                        Interest rate – yield curve up 100 bps                                                                     -2%                   +5%                    +7%
                        Interest rate – yield curve down 100 bps                                                                   +2%                   -5%                    -7%
                        Credit spreads widen 100 bps                                                                               -9%                   -9%                    -6%
                        Currency – 25% adverse movement in euro and US dollar vs sterling                                          -3%                   -3%                    -3%
                        ASHE – long-term inflation assumption up 0.5%                                                              -3%                   -5%                    -3%
                        Loans – severe peak unemployment scenario*1                                                                -1%                   -1%                    -1%
                        *1 Refer to note 7 to the financial statements for further information on the ‘severe’ scenario

                                                                                                                      Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                        65




                                                                                                                                                                        Company Overview



The change in interest rate sensitivity reflects both the Group’s continued focus on asset liability matching



                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
and the change in impact of interest rate movements on the solvency capital requirement in higher
yield environments.
Taxation
The tax charge reported in the consolidated income statement is £97.2 million (2021: £130.2 million), equating to
20.7% of pre-tax profit (2021: 18.2%). The increase in the effective tax charge is primarily the result of the higher
loss in the US insurance business for which no deferred tax asset is recognised.




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Investments and cash
Investment strategy
Admiral Group’s investment strategy focuses on capital preservation and low volatility of returns. The business
follows an asset liability matching strategy to control interest rate, inflation and currency risk. A prudent level of
liquidity is held and the investment portfolio has a high-quality credit profile. In 2022, the focus remained on asset
liability matching, and flows were invested into high quality assets to take advantage of rising risk-free rates,
whilst being cautious on the credit outlook. The Group holds a range of government bonds, corporate bonds,




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
alternative and private credit assets, alongside liquid holdings in cash and money market funds.
In line with our investment approach, the aim is to reduce the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
related risks in our portfolio whilst continuing to achieve sustainable long-term returns. In 2022, the portfolio
weighted average ESG score had an MSCI A rating.
Investment income
£m                                                                                                         2022                   2021                   2020
Investment return                                                                                         64.6                    46.9                   47.8




                                                                                                                                                                        Additional Information
Movement on accruals held for insurer funds withheld                                                     (20.0)                   (1.6)                  12.9
Movement in provision for expected credit losses                                                           1.8                    (2.6)                  (7.8)
Total                                                                                                     46.4                    42.7                   52.9

Net investment income for 2022 was £46.4 million (2021: £42.7 million). Investment income in 2022 was
adversely impacted by investment income adjustments related to UK motor quota share reinsurance
arrangements of £20.0 million (2021: £1.6 million). Provisions for expected credit losses developed favourably,
leading to a £1.8 million release of provisions (2021: £2.6 million adverse impact).
The investment return on the Group’s investment portfolio (excluding unrealised gains and losses, the release
of the investment income accruals held in relation to reinsurance contracts and the movement in provision for
expected credit losses) was £64.6 million in H1 2022 (compared to £46.9 million in 2021). The annualised rate
of return was higher at 1.6% (2021: 1.1%), mainly as a result of higher reinvestment yields as interest rates rose
throughout the year.
The increase in yields and widening of credit spreads in 2022 resulted in a reduction in the market value of the
portfolio of £255.6 million (2021: £50.1 million reduction). That movement is reflected in the statement of other
comprehensive income.
The Group continues to generate significant amounts of cash and its capital-efficient business model enables
the distribution of the majority of post-tax profits as dividends. Total cash and investments at 31 December 2022
was £3,705.8 million (31 December 2021: £4,115.3 million), the lower balance at the end of the current period
reflecting the market value reduction noted above as well as the payment of the final tranche of the Penguin
Portals disposal proceeds to shareholders.
Cash and investments analysis
£m                                                                                                              2022                   2021                   2020
Fixed income and debt securities                                                                          2,372.7                  2,594.3               2,101.3
Money market funds and other fair value instruments                                                         934.7                  1,063.0               1,339.3
Cash deposits                                                                                               101.4                     85.3                  65.4
Cash                                                                                                        297.0                    372.7                 351.7
Total*1                                                                                                   3,705.8                  4,115.3               3,857.7
*1 Total Cash and Investments include £198.2 million (2021: £147.0 million; 2020: £74.8 million) of Level 3 investments. Refer to note 6e in the financial statements
   for further information




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
66   Strategic Report




     Group Capital Structure and Financial Position
     continued

                        Cash flow
                        £m                                                                         2022            2021             2020
                        Operating cash flow, before movements in investments                     367.3           637.8             959.8
                        Transfers to financial investments                                       189.0          (266.5)           (176.0)
                        Operating cash flow                                                      556.3           371.3             783.8
                        Tax payments                                                             (91.2)         (126.7)           (175.0)
                        Investing cash flows (capital expenditure)                              (101.0)          (69.2)            (43.1)
                        Financing cash flows                                                    (692.8)         (750.7)           (454.3)
                        Loans funding through special purpose entity                             267.8           185.9             (46.2)
                        Net contributions from non-controlling interests                             –               –               2.4
                        Foreign currency translation impact                                      (14.8)           (5.3)              2.4
                        Net proceeds from sale of Comparison entities                                –           457.0                 –
                        Cash included in the disposal of Comparison entities                         –           (41.3)                –
                        Net cash movement                                                        (75.7)           21.0              70.0
                        Unrealised (losses)/gains on investments                                (255.6)          (47.3)             40.7
                        Movement in accrued interest                                             113.2            17.4              54.8
                        Net increase in cash and financial investments                          (407.1)          257.6             341.5

                        The main items contributing to the operating cash inflow are as follows:
                        £m                                                                         2022            2021             2020
                        Profit after tax                                                         371.8           996.7            527.8
                        Change in net insurance liabilities                                       39.6            40.8             94.8
                        Net change in trade receivables and liabilities                           68.2           (65.3)            65.3
                        Change in loans and advances to customers                               (280.6)         (205.2)            77.3
                        Non-cash income statement items                                           71.1          (261.7)            84.8
                        Taxation expense                                                          97.2           132.5            109.8
                        Operating cash flow, before movements in investments                     367.3           637.8            959.8

                        The net decrease in cash and investments in the year is £407.1 million (2021: £257.6 million increase).
                        The main drivers include the unrealised losses on investments as a result of interest rate and credit spread
                        movements as noted above, and dividend payments to shareholders (including the two final tranches of the
                        Penguin Portals special dividend).
                        Co-insurance and reinsurance
                        Admiral makes significant use of proportional risk sharing agreements, where insurers outside the Group
                        underwrite a majority of the risk generated, either through co-insurance or quota share reinsurance contracts.
                        These arrangements include profit commission terms which allow Admiral to retain a significant portion of
                        the profit generated.
                        Although the primary focus and disclosure is in relation to the UK Motor insurance book, similar longer-term
                        arrangements are in place in the Group’s international insurance operations and the UK Household and
                        Van businesses.
                        UK Motor Insurance
                        Munich Re and its subsidiary entity, Great Lakes, currently underwrites 40% of the UK Motor business.
                        From 2022, 20% of this total is on a co-insurance basis (via Great Lakes) and will extend to 2029. The remaining
                        20% is on a quota share reinsurance basis and these arrangements now extend to 2026.
                        The Group also has other quota share reinsurance arrangements confirmed to at least 2024, covering 38% of
                        the business written.
                        The nature of the co-insurance proportion underwritten by Munich Re (via Great Lakes) in the UK is such that
                        20% of all Motor premium and claims for the 2022 year accrue directly to Great Lakes and are not reflected
                        in the Group’s financial statements. Similarly, Great Lakes reimburses the Group for its proportional share of
                        expenses incurred in acquiring and administering this business.




                                                                                      Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                     67




                                                                                                                     Company Overview



The quota share reinsurance arrangements result in all Motor premiums, claims and expenses that are ceded to



                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
reinsurers being included in the Group’s financial statements. These quota share agreements operate on a funds
withheld basis and include certain features such as expense caps and an allocation of investment income earned
on the funds held by Admiral on behalf of the reinsurers. These features result in higher profit commission should
the underwriting year reach profitability.
Admiral tends to commute its UK Car Insurance quota share reinsurance contracts 36 months after inception
of an underwriting year, assuming there is sufficient confidence in the profitability of the business covered by




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
the reinsurance contract.
After an underwriting year is commuted, movements in financial statement loss ratios result in reserve releases
(or strengthening if the loss ratios were to increase) rather than reduced or increased profit commission.
During the first half of 2022, just over half of the quota share reinsurance covering the 2020 underwriting
year was commuted. The majority of quota share reinsurance covering 2019 and prior underwriting years was
commuted prior to the start of this half year period.
Refer to note 5d(v) of the financial statements for further analysis of reserve releases on business originally




                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
reinsured but subsequently commuted.
UK Household Insurance
The Group’s Household business is supported by long-term proportional reinsurance arrangements covering
70% of the risk, that run to at least 2024. In addition, the Group has non-proportional reinsurance to cover the
risk of catastrophes stemming from weather events.
International Car Insurance
In both 2021 and 2022 Admiral retained 35% (Italy), 30% (France) and 30% (Spain) of the underwriting risk




                                                                                                                     Additional Information
in each country respectively. In the USA, 40% (2021: 45%) of the risk was retained within the Group.
Excess of loss reinsurance
The Group also purchases excess of loss reinsurance to provide protection against large claims and reviews
this cover annually. The excess of loss cover remained similar to prior years with cover starting at £10 million.
Rates increased within the context of increasing market rates as a result of higher inflation. The household
insurance book excess of loss reinsurance also saw an increase in rates, for the same relative level of cover.
Profit commission
Admiral is potentially able to earn material amounts of profit commission revenue from co- and
reinsurance partners, depending on the profitability of the insurance business underwritten by the partner.
Revenue is recognised in the income statement in line with the financial statement loss ratios on Admiral’s
retained underwriting.
Note 5c to the financial statements analyses profit commission income by business, type of contract and by
underwriting year.
Principal Risks and Uncertainties
The Group’s 2022 Annual Report will contain an analysis of the Principal Risks and Uncertainties identified by
the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework, along with the impacts of those risks and actions taken
to mitigate them.
Disclaimer on forward-looking statements
Certain statements made in this announcement are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based
on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and
uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from any expected future events or
results expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements.
Persons receiving this announcement should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or accounting standard, the Group does not undertake to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments
or otherwise.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
68   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders


     Admiral’s purpose framework                                            Our purpose is embedded into the purpose framework
     translates our purpose into action
                                                                                 Our purpose
     and shows how we plan on living by
     our purpose statement – including                                           Great customer                     A great place
     what that statement means to not                                            experiences                        to work
     only our people but our company,                                            Provide great                      Be one of the best places
     our business, and our society.                                              customer experiences               to work in the world
     Our sustainability approach builds on
     our purpose framework and targets
     four key areas – Customers, People,
     Business, and Society – with defined
     ambitions for each of these:
     • People: Be one of the best places to work in                              Positive impact                    Successful
       the world                                                                 on society                         business
     • Customer: Provide great customer experiences
                                                                                 Make a difference through a        Build successful businesses
     • Business: Build successful businesses with                                positive impact on society         with operational resilience
       operational resilience
     • Society: Make a difference through a positive
       impact on society
     Materiality assessment
     In order to capture and address the ESG issues that
     matter most to our business and stakeholders we
     ran a materiality assessment in 2021. The outcome
     of the materiality assessment currently drives
     our sustainability approach as well as other key
     business initiatives and decisions. We acknowledge
     that these rankings will likely change over time
     and we will look to conduct further materiality
     assessments in the future.

           For further detail on         You can read more
           the methodology               in our Section 172
           behind our materiality        statement (starting on
           assessment please             page 112) to see how
           see Admiral’s 2022            these priorities feed
           Sustainability Report         into our strategy and
                                         reinforce our purpose

     Our results revealed the following priorities:
     Focus Area                                               Stakeholder                Our impact
     Risk governance and business resilience                  Business                      Read more on page 114
     Talent Acquisition & Development                         People                        Read more on page 77
     Great Service                                            Customer                      Read more on page 74
     Educational Opportunities                                Society                       Read more on page 87
     Long-term shareholder value                              Business                      Read more on page 85
     Product Quality                                          Customer                      Read more on page 74
     Eco-friendly products                                    Business/Society              Read more on page 91
     Impact of operations on climate change                   Society                       Read more on page 87
     Employability and social mobility                        Society                       Read more on page 87
     Diversity & Inclusion                                    People                        Read more on page 80




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                          69




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Company Overview



Materiality matrix


                                                                                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
Aggregated across all survey responses, workshops, management discussions and SWG feedback



                                     Monitor                                                  Manage                                                      Focus




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                                                                                   Impact of operations                   Fair and                                                  Governance and
                                                                                                                                       Product
                                                                                                                                                      Great service                 business resilience
                                                                                     on climate change                 affordable      quality
                                                                                                                             price
                                                                                                                                                         Employability and
                                                                                                               People, health                            social mobility




 Importance of stakeholders
                                                                                                              and wellbeing*
                                                                                              Investing                                     Innovation                Long-term
                                                           Community                        responsibly                                                               shareholder   Talent acquisition
                                                            Health and                                                                          Educational           value         and development*
                                                                                 Strong ethical                   People
                                                             Wellbeing            partnerships              engagement*                         opportunities




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                 Eco-friendly
                              Homelessness                                                            Diversity                  products
                               and housing                                                            and Inclusion*

                                                                         External efforts
                                                                                                            Smart, green
                                    Financial inclusion                  to fight climate
                                                                                                          and safe mobility
                                                                              change


                                                Executive
                                              Remuneration




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional Information
                                                               Sports, arts
                                                               and culture




                                                                                               Admiral impact

            Stakeholder key
               People*      Customer                             Society (Community and Environment)                                     Business
            * Actively monitored and maintained as part of our culture




                                                                                                                 “The outcome of the
                                                                                                                   materiality assessment
                                                                                                                   currently drives our
                                                                                                                   sustainability approach
                                                                                                                   as well as other key
                                                                                                                   business initiatives
                                                                                                                   and decisions.”


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
70   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

     Admiral’s alignment with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals
     The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a set of 17 global goals developed by the United Nations, which define global priorities
     and aspirations for 2030. The goals aim to address major societal and environmental concerns. The most relevant goals where we believe
     Admiral contributes are listed for each of our stakeholders below.



        Customers


                        Goal 8:                                                            Admiral’s contribution
                        Decent Work and Economic Growth                                    • Transfer core strengths from UK Motor business
                        Target (8.2): Achieve higher levels of economic productivity         into new ventures, such as Admiral Money
                        through diversification, technological upgrading                     and Pioneer
                        and innovation.                                                    • Leverage historical data and experience to test and
                        Target (8.3): Promote development-oriented policies                  learn in new markets and develop products which
                        that support productive activities, decent job creation,             support economic development
                        entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation, and encourage         • Provide insurance cover to both fully electric and
                        growth of micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises,               hybrid vehicles
                        including through access to financial services.                    • Telematics offering both incentivises and supports
                                                                                             safer driving practices for our customers
                        Goal 11:
                        Sustainable Cities and Communities
                        Target (11.2): Provide access to safe, affordable,
                        accessible, and sustainable transport systems for all.




        People


                        Goal 3:                                                            Admiral’s contribution
                        Good Health and Wellbeing                                          • Ranked Best Big Company for Wellbeing in the UK
                        Target (3.4): Promote mental health and wellbeing.                   in recognition of our employee support initiatives
                                                                                           • Long standing graduate trainee programme
                        Goal 4:                                                            • Fully gender balanced Group Board30
                        Quality Education                                                  • Launched an international mentoring programme,
                        Target (4.4): Increase the number of youths and adults who           Get Discovered, to develop and empower high
                        have relevant skills, including technical and vocational skills,     potential women across the organisation
                        for employment, decent jobs, and entrepreneurship.
                        Goal 5:
                        Gender Equality
                        Target (5.5): Ensure women’s full and effective participation
                        and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of
                        decision making in political, economic, and public life.




     30 As of 31 December 2022

                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                  71




                                                                                                                                                  Company Overview




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report



  Society


                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
               Goal 8:                                                                 Admiral’s contribution
               Decent Work and Economic Growth                                         • Our Community Strategy ‘Together for Better’
               Target (8.6): Substantially reduce the proportion of youth                is – committed to transforming futures in our
               not in employment, education or training.                                 local communities




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                                                                                       • Established partnerships with Generation to help
               Goal 10:
                                                                                         people obtain access to life-changing careers.
               Reduced Inequalities
                                                                                       • Committed to net zero emissions by 2040 and
               Target (10.2): Empower and promote the social, economic,                  cutting emissions in half by 2030
               and political inclusion of all, irrespective of age, sex, disability,
               race, ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or other status.          • Launched climate positive employee engagement
                                                                                         programme to educate and enable colleagues to
               Goal 13:                                                                  support our net zero commitments
               Climate Action




                                                                                                                                                  Additional Information
                                                                                       • Celebrated Black History Month to reflect on
               Target (13.3): Improve education, awareness-raising and                   the diverse histories of people of African and
               human and institutional capacity on climate change                        Caribbean descent
               mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction and early warning.




  Business


               Goal 12:                                                                Admiral’s contribution
               Responsible Consumption and Production                                  • Actively engaged with ESG rating providers and
               Target (12.6): Encourage companies, especially large                      integrated feedback into our sustainability disclosure
               and transnational companies, to adopt sustainable                       • Reporting against the Sustainability Accounting
               practices and integrate sustainability information into                   Standards Board (SASB) standards
               their reporting cycle.
                                                                                       • Aligned disclosure with all recommendations
                                                                                         under the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial
                                                                                         Disclosure (TCFD) framework
                                                                                       • Received external verification of carbon emissions
                                                                                         data and aiming to set Science-Based Targets




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
72   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                             Sustainability Governance                                Sustainability Working Group: A Sustainability
                             Group Board: The Admiral Group Board is responsible      Working Group was established in 2020 to help
                             for promoting the long-term sustainable success of       identify, monitor and facilitate the implementation
                             the Group and is its principal decision-making forum.    of sustainability ambitions across Group operations.
                             It is the principal governing body for sustainability-   The working group supports the Group Board
                             related issues and takes ownership of sustainability     and Admiral’s executive leadership team to
                             and climate-related topics and associated stakeholder    ensure adequate oversight is in place around
                             engagement. The Board approves our Environment,          sustainability-related decision-making. This includes
                             Social and Governance (ESG) ambitions which can have     monitoring the latest market developments around
                             a material impact on Admiral. Milena Mondini, Group      ESG, supporting subsidiary entities with their
                             CEO, is the appointed Sustainability representative on   sustainability commitments, and sharing best practice
                             the Group Board.                                         ESG management.

                             Board Committees: The Board has delegated                In 2021, sustainability champions were appointed
                             authority to several permanent Committees that deal      from across the business to own the ESG ambitions
                             with sustainability related matters where relevant       disclosed in this report. Each champion reports
          To see the Group
          Governance         and matters in accordance with written Terms of          progress against these ambitions directly to the
          Structure,
                             Reference. The principal Committees of the Board         Sustainability Working Group.
          and all Board
          Committees         – Audit, Remuneration, Group Risk and Nomination         Climate Change Steering Group: Given the impact of
          please turn to     and Governance play an important role in the Group’s     climate change and the increased focus the area has
          page 126
                             sustainability related decision-making processes.        received in recent years, a subcommittee dedicated
                             For example, the Group Risk committee oversees           to climate change was created in 2021. The Climate
                             the management of climate-related risk and ensures       Change Steering group reports directly to the
                             appropriate oversight is in place.                       Sustainability Working Group.
                                                                                      Forums & Ministries: Several internal forums and
                                                                                      Ministries exist across the business to uphold the
                                                                                      pillars of our culture and monitor areas related
                                                                                      to sustainability such as employee diversity,
                                                                                      happiness and wellbeing. For example, the Diversity
                                                                                      and Inclusion forum consists of six working groups
                                                                                      and drives Diversity and Inclusion initiatives across
                                                                                      the Group. Several ministries such as the ministry of
                                                                                      fun and the ministry of health organise regular events
                                                                                      to keep colleagues happy and engaged.




                                                                                           Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                         73




                                                                                                                                                                                         Company Overview



                       2022 ESG rating


                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report

                                                                                                             DISCLOSURE I NSIGHT ACTION


                          MSCI                                                                              CDP




                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                          MSCI ESG rating assessment31                                                      CDP Climate Score31
                          • 2022: AA                                                                        • 2022: D
                          • 2021: A                                                                         • 2021: C




                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements



                          Sustainalytics                                                                    ISS ESG




                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional Information
                          Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating32                                                  ISS ESG performance
                          • 2022: 21.0                                                                      • 2022: C-
                          • 2021: 22.3                                                                      • 2021: C-
                          • 21st percentile subindustry ranking (2021: 8th)                                 • 4th Industry decile rank (2021: 4th)33




                          Dow Jones                                                                         Tortoise
                          Dow Jones Sustainability Index                                                    Tortoise Responsibility100 index
                          • 2022: 48/10034                                                                  • 2022: 63rd out of 100
                          • 2021: 37/100                                                                    • 2021: 21st out of 100




                       31 The use by Admiral Group of any MSCI ESG research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names
                          herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Admiral Group by MSCI. MSCI services and data re the property of MSCI
                          or its information providers, and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI
                       31 Members of the Sustainability Working Group are reviewing the drivers behind our lower CDP score in 2022 and putting in place a plan of action to improve
                          performance going forwards
                       32 Copyright ©2022 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This report contains information developed by Sustainalytics (www.sustainalytics.com). Such information
                          and data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational purposes only. They do not
                          constitute an endorsement of any product or project, nor an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate or suitable for
                          a particular purpose. Their use is subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers
                       33 A decile rank of 1 indicates high relative performance versus a decile rank of 10 which indicates poor relative performance
                       34 Improved result (a higher mark indicates stronger performance against the Dow Jones Sustainability Index scoring requirements)

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
74   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                                                                                  How we engage to confirm what matters

        Our Customers                                                             to our customers
                                                                                  There are opportunities for us to communicate
                                                                                  and engage with our customers, and vice versa,
                                                                                  throughout the different points in the customer life
                                                                                  cycle. Some of these mechanisms include:
                                                                                  • Discussions with our; customer service teams,
                                                                                    new business and renewals teams, our claims teams,
                                                                                    and our complaints teams
                                                                                  • Online customer portals
                                                                                  • Live chats with agents
                                                                                  • Social media
                                                                                  • Admiral App messages
                                                                                  • Customer feedback (comment forms, surveys, SMS)
                                                                                  • Customer focus groups
                                                                                  • Perception studies
                                                                                  Frequently reviewing the engagement mechanisms
                                                                                  across our customer experiences, particularly
                        Why they matter to us strategically, and how
                                                                                  throughout digital journeys, allows us to understand
                        they influence the operation of the business
                                                                                  what is most important to our customers and helps us
                        Customers are at the heart of our business,               to continually refine and improve our service.
                        and everything that we do. As a customer-centric
                        organisation, we seek to provide more people with the     Board oversight, training, and escalation
                        opportunity to access good financial services products.   The Board continues to receive updates from
                        The needs of our customers shape the products we          Management on the treatment of existing customers
                        deliver, and their feedback and expectations feed into    and the various processes that are designed to ensure
                        the design of our channels and platforms.                 fair outcomes throughout the customer journey.
                                                                                  Customer satisfaction levels and employee feedback
                        In 2022, we assessed our customer-centric strategy
                                                                                  is fed into Board discussions which ultimately shapes
                        and operational culture to ensure that the business
                                                                                  strategic decision making, including plans related
                        was well aligned with best practice recommendations.
                                                                                  to digital investment and future diversification.
                        Our assessment provides confidence that we have
                                                                                  The Board also receives annual feedback on the
                        effective practices and monitoring in place to support
                                                                                  Conduct Risk framework through the Group
                        excellent customer service, as well as significant
                                                                                  Risk Committee.
                        resources dedicated to training customer facing
                        employees across the business.                            During 2022, the Board also spent significant time
                                                                                  reviewing several actions that were implemented
                        What matters to our customers, and
                                                                                  in 2021 in response to the FCA’s pricing remedies,
                        encourages them to maintain a relationship                including but not limited to;
                        with Admiral
                                                                                  • Ensuring that renewing home and motor insurance
                        Considering several influences, including the latest
                                                                                    consumers are quoted prices that are no more than
                        regulatory guidance, we believe that key factors that
                                                                                    they would be quoted as a new customer through
                        are important to our customers include:
                                                                                    the same channel
                        • Great service                                           • Make it simpler for customers to stop automatic
                        • Fair, affordable pricing                                  renewals if they wish to do so
                        • Good quality products                                   • Ensuring that we deliver fair value on all
                        • Accessible products and channels                          insurance products
                        • A resilient business                                    • Updating and enhancing the model used to
                                                                                    estimate the savings arising from the whiplash
                                                                                    reforms, introduced by the UK government on
                                                                                    May 31, 2021




                                                                                        Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                    75




                                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



• Preparing and enhancing operations in anticipation           What are the risks and opportunities that


                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
  of the new Consumer Principle from the FCA,                  could affect the relationship and, therefore,
  that requires firms to act to deliver good outcomes          Admiral’s success?
  for all retail customers
                                                               Ahead of 2022, Admiral recognised that the
• Approval of the Consumer Duty                                implementation of the FCA’s pricing remedies would
  Implementation plan                                          affect general insurance customers on a market-wide
• Appointment of an Independent Director as                    basis, and subsequently anticipated the changes




                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
  Consumer Duty Champion during Q335                           required before the regulation came into force in
                                                               Q1. As the year developed, the Board also started
The Board also received updates on (i) the progress
                                                               to prepare for the FCA ‘Consumer Duty’ (‘The Duty’)
to deliver the technology and digital strategies,
                                                               regulation, and to plan for further enhancements to
which have a direct impact on the improvements
                                                               business practices. As part of the process, the Board
made to customer journeys, and (ii) information
                                                               recognised the need to embed a customer-centric
security and cyber risk, including crisis management,
                                                               culture at all levels, to support adapting processes
both from a customer and reputational
                                                               and procedures ‘to do the right thing.’
impact perspective.




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
                                                               Whilst the Board and Management were confident
What value do we create for our customers?                     that the existing Admiral culture was well aligned to
In 2022, Admiral delivered numerous changes                    support this objective, in 2022 the Board asked the
impacting customers for the better. Some examples              business to develop a series of high-level principles
of the value delivered to our customers include:               for employees to anchor their day-to-day actions to,
• Improved Claims System for UK Motor                          when dealing with customers.
  Customers (NEO)                                              Careful consideration was given to ensure that an
   + Read more on page 29                                      appropriate ‘tone from the top’ was agreed upon,




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
• We added our Multicar proposition to                         both at Admiral Group Board and EUI Board.36
  PCW platforms                                                The Executive management team and the Board
   + Read more on page 76
                                                               continued to observe progress of strategy in
• We supported UK and French Household customers               anticipation of implementation throughout the year.
  impacted by floods                                                                                                                             Further
   + Read more on page 9                                       Admiral also continues to explore opportunities to                                information is
                                                               provide customers with additional, innovative products.                           located on pages
• We launched a new loans product, ConTe Prestiti,                                                                                               28 to 30 of the
                                                               In 2022, our international businesses continued to grow,
  in Italy in Q3                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
                                                               and launched additional products to help more people
   + Read more on page 150
                                                               look after their future.
• We launched Admiral Pet
   + Read more on page 32                                      How we monitor the impact of our actions
                                                               and the strength of our relationship
Increased focus on Net Promoter Score (NPS)
                                                               The following metrics are some of the main tools
We commit to providing excellent and efficient                 we use to assess the impact of our actions and the
customer service, and to improving our offerings with          strength of our relationship with our customers:
customer feedback. We use NPS to measure and drive
performance across the Group.                                  • Net Promotor Scores (NPS) scores
                                                               • Customer satisfaction scores
Although NPS was already a key metric for Admiral,
the opportunity was taken during 2022 to increase              • Complaint rates
measurement of NPS, whilst aligning business                   • Feedback and insight relating to products and
leaders and delivering company-wide training on the              services from all customer-facing teams
importance of recording and tracking scores.                   • Policy acquisition and renewal rates
Continued delivery of fair and affordably                      • Activity levels on the MyAccount Portal
priced products                                                • Call volumes, and call answer rates
During 2022, Admiral has continued to offer fair and           • Ombudsman feedback
affordable pricing, and we continued to evolve our             • Social media
understanding of customers’ needs to aid product
design (e.g., Admiral Essentials, and flexible short-term
cover provided by Veygo).



35 A subsidiary NED of EUI Limited, the entity considered as   36 EUI Limited is a fully owned subsidiary of Admiral Group Plc. EUI Limited is
   ‘The Firm’ by the FCA Regulatory Authority                     an insurance intermediary with employees across the UK, India, and Canada

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
76   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                                                                                    ABI throughout the consultation and implementation
                        Our sustainability ambition:                                period and successfully transitioned its pricing
                        We strive to provide great                                  practices at the start of the year.
                        customer experiences                                        Additionally, new Consumer Duty regulation was
                                                                                    finalised in 2022 and will come into force in July 2023.
                                                                                    To prepare, Admiral has put in place the necessary
                                                                                    framework to continue to ensure we deliver valued
                            Simple and clear communication                          products and services for customers in terms of
                            We aim to create simple insurance products which        pricing, transparency, and support. We are confident
                            are easily understood and accessible to all. In 2022,   that we create value for customers through the
                            we continued to strengthen our digital services.        products and services we sell. We also consistently
                            For example, we’ve rolled out a new self-install        review our activities through a Consumer Duty
                            telematics device that customers can link to their      lens and will continue to enhance our monitoring,
                            Admiral app. Through it, customers can easily access    governance, and management information (MI)
                            feedback on their driving behaviour and see how they    requirements in 2023.
                            can improve. This encourages safer driving on our
                            roads which benefits everyone, and for customers it     Satisfied customers
                            improves the customer experience and helps bring        We regularly measure customer satisfaction across
                            their premiums down.                                    several key benchmarks, allowing us to stay close to
                                                                                    customers’ needs and understand areas where our
                            Responsible sales                                       service fails to meet expectations. With emphasis
                            We comply with all relevant regulatory requirements     on creating a more seamless experience, customers
                            and actively review our practices to ensure all         that speak to us via webchat can now experience
                            processes and systems operate in line with relevant     an effortless secure card payment method with the
                            policies. Notable in 2022 was the introduction of the   use of Semafone. The new tool opens a channel
                            General Insurance Pricing Practices (GIPP) in the UK.   for customers to transact and engage with us,
                            The new pricing rules require that renewing Motor and   improving the customer journey. The use of Semafone
                            Home insurance buyers are quoted prices that do not     also supports those in our vulnerable customer base
                            exceed what they would have paid as a new customer.     who may struggle to give card payment information
                            Admiral regularly communicated with the FCA and the     over the phone; having this function on Webchat
                                                                                    allows customers to ask for support instantly.
                                                                                    Fair and transparent claims outcomes
                                                                                    As an insurer, we are committed to providing
                                                                                    appropriate claims practices that deliver fair and
        Launch of MultiCar                                                          just outcomes for customers in a timely manner.
        on price comparison                                                         Over the last three years, significant work has been
                                                                                    put in to develop our new claims system: Guidewire
        We made our MultiCar product proposition                                    Claims Centre (GWCC). The new system provides
        available via the price comparison channel                                  more transparent and efficient customer experience;
        for the first time this year. We believe this is                            it offers better data insight and gives customers
        an exciting opportunity to grow our popular                                 more choice and flexibility on how they interact
        MultiCover offering as it allows us to give                                 with Admiral. GWCC was originally introduced into
                                                                                    our Household Claims function in 2021 and then
        customers a MultiCover price much earlier in                                successfully rolled out to Motor Claims in 2022.
        their shopping journey. Admiral is the first of
        any insurance company to offer this in the UK.
        The idea to launch MultiCover online came from one of our
        internal innovate competitions where colleagues across
        the business pitch ideas to senior management and make
        a proposal on how it could work for our customers. The idea
        was so successful it was picked up by a project team and
        subsequently put into practice. We are currently trialling
        MultiCar on Confused.com and will continue to monitor
        progress into 2023. This will give us the chance to understand
        our customer needs and behaviours and if successful we will
        look to test on other price comparison sites and with other
        products – watch this space!


                                                                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              77




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



                                                                                  How we engage to confirm what matters


                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
   Our People                                                                     to our people
                                                                                  Our people are encouraged to engage across multiple
                                                                                  channels, virtually and face-to-face. We also engage via:
                                                                                  • 1:1s with managers
                                                                                  • Polls




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                                  • Blogs
                                                                                  • Chat Logs
                                                                                  • Colleague surveys
                                                                                  • Employee Consultation Group (ECG) meetings
                                                                                  • Feedback schemes such as ‘Ask Milena’ and
                                                                                    ‘Have your say’
                                                                                  • Participation in the Great Place to Work survey




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                                                                                  • Exit interviews
                                                                                  • Grievances
                                                                                  • Whistleblowing channels
                                                                                  • Friendly Forums
                       Why our people matter to us strategically                    + See more on page 81
                       and how they influence the operation of
                                                                                  Board oversight, training, and escalation
                       the business
                                                                                  The Board receives updates on Diversity and Inclusion,
                       We believe that people who like what they do, do it




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
                                                                                  people, and culture which all reflect the permanent
                       better. We strive to do better every day because we
                                                                                  move to a hybrid working model. The Board also
                       like what we do, and we want to help more people to
                                                                                  receives updates relating to ECG meetings in the UK
                       look after their future. This attitude enables our test-
                                                                                  and international businesses, Group health and safety
                       and-learn culture, supports operational excellence,
                                                                                  and whistleblowing.
                       fosters happier and more productive employees,
                       and ultimately shapes better outcomes for our              The Group CEO and CFO host our Staff General Meeting
                       customers and other stakeholders.                          (SGM) (which allows for questions to be raised to them
                                                                                  as representatives of the Board), and host numerous
                       What matters to our people, and encourages                 forums with our people. Our employee AGM took place
                       them to maintain a relationship with Admiral               in hybrid form during 2022, and feedback suggested
                       Our people want a friendly, fun, and productive            that it was a useful format for management to share
                       workplace where they are engaged, and where their          information with employees, in a fun and engaging way.
                       views are valued and considered. Hybrid working and
                                                                                  Additionally, our Non-Executive Directors attend
                       health and wellbeing continue to be key priorities for
                                                                                  ECG meetings on a rotational basis and report back
                       all businesses around the Group.
                                                                                  to Board. In 2022, the Board Chair and other Non-
                       We consider the priorities of our people to be:            Executive Directors made virtual and in-person
                                                                                  visits to different business departments and
                       • Talent acquisition and development, with fair and
                                                                                  overseas locations.
                         equal opportunities available to all
                       • Reward and recognition, including long-term              What value do we create for our people?
                         shareholder value (inc. the employee share scheme)       • We improved our reward package for employees
                       • Health and wellbeing, both physically and mentally         and responded to the cost-of living crisis
                                                                                    + Read more on page 148
                       • The opportunity to build and maintain a work life
                         balance whilst remining engaged and included by          • We launched new Admiral training programmes to
                         the business                                               ensure and encourage our people to engage with
                       • Flexible and remote working, and freedom to                our purpose
                                                                                    + Read more on page 79
                         provide inputs into working hours and places
                         of work                                                  • We upgraded our learning and development
                                                                                    scheme, launched a new programme,
                                                                                    Get Discovered, and made LinkedIn Learning
                                                                                    available to all colleagues
                                                                                    + Read more on page 81, 165



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
78   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                              • We extended our health initiatives (men and             • Disability – This team promote a safe and
                                women’s health) and we upgraded our paternity             healthy environment for all our team members,
                                and maternity policies                                    raise awareness, and support inclusion within
                                + Read more on page 81                                    the community
                              • We continued to encourage our teams to host team        • Social Mobility – This working group aims to ensure
                                building events, supported by our Ministry of Fun         that regardless of background, everyone can fulfil
                                + Read more on page 10                                    their potential and is able to progress their careers
                              • We supported Purple Light Up – a global movement        Working groups consist of volunteers across the
                                that celebrates and draws attention to the              business from a variety of roles and experience.
                                economic contribution of the 386 million disabled       There are around 60 members in total. Each working
                                employees around the world                              group meets every 4–8 weeks.
                                + Read more below
                                                                                        We check that our culture continues to reflect support
                              Diversity and Inclusion                                   for Diversity and Inclusion through several feedback
          Further             Admiral provides a working environment in which           mechanisms, including:
          information on      Diversity and Inclusion is embraced, and promotes
          our Diversity                                                                 • Feedback from the Employee Consultation Group
          and Inclusion       a comprehensive Diversity and Inclusion approach
          activities can be   across the Group.                                         • Great Place to Work survey results
          found on pages
                                                                                        • Pulse survey results
          80, 158             Our Diversity and Inclusion strategy supports our
                              ability to attract, engage, develop, and retain diverse   • Exit interviews
          Further
                              talent. Employee led working groups include:              • An engaging and diverse events calendar
          information on
          our awards can
                              • Gender Equality – This group is tasked with             Examples of initiatives that reinforce our culture are:
          be found on           raising awareness on issues surrounding gender;
          page 41                                                                       • Participation and awareness of our ‘#IBelong’ series
                                and to continue to support staff and promote an
                                inclusive culture                                       • Sponsoring Pride (Headline Sponsors for 22 years)
                              • Ethnicity and Culture – This group supports             • Celebrating Black History Month
                                us becoming a more ethnically diverse and               • Promoting ‘Purple Light Up’ and celebrating the
                                inclusive company through awareness, discussion,          economic contribution of disabled employees
                                and improving the work environment
                                                                                        In 2022, Admiral was placed 26 out of 850 workplaces
                              • Ty Rainbow LGBTQ+ – This team promote a safe            in Europe as a Diversity Leader, by the Financial Times,
                                and inclusive environment to support LGBTQ+             as well as being named 3rd Best Workplace for Women
                                staff and customers, as well as providing a social      in the UK by the Great Place to Work.
                                support network
                              • Age – This group focus on understanding the needs
                                of our employees including issues and needs of
                                people at work in various age ranges from 16–30,
                                30–50 and 50+



        Purple Light Up
        On December the 3rd, Admiral and businesses
        around the world celebrated the economic
        power of disabled people.
        For the event, we wanted to open a conversation around
        disability inclusion in the office and share some of the things
        we do. Throughout December, we held multiple office and
        virtual events. Colleagues at Admiral both showcased their
        lived experiences and shared their perspective, guide dogs
        for the blind visited our offices, and guests such as Stuart
                                                                                                                       92%
        Nixon MBE hosted webinars discussing overcoming adversity.                                                answered positively
        The events were organised by our Disability Forum which was
                                                                                                                  to “I believe Admiral
        created to improve awareness, discuss ideas, and implement                                               Group is a diverse and
        adjustments to improve the workplace for those living                                                     inclusive employer”
        with disabilities.


                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 79




                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



What are the risks and opportunities that                            • Accolades                                             More information




                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
                                                                                                                             about how we
could affect the relationship and, therefore,                        • Employee feedback                                     monitor and
Admiral’s success?                                                   • Pay gaps
                                                                                                                             assess culture,
                                                                                                                             and talent
Hybrid working provides both risks and opportunities                 • Health and safety incidents                           management
in respect of our people. Whilst we may now be able to                                                                       can be found on
                                                                     • Culture Dashboard metrics, including:                 pages 140 to
reach different pools of talent for critical roles, we pay                                                                   143 (for culture)
careful consideration that there could be a risk losing                 – Satisfaction scores from Great Place to            and page 166




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
of talent, as geography becomes less of a constraint in                   Work survey                                        (for talent
                                                                                                                             management)
a hybrid working world.                                                 – Diversity targets
The protection of Admiral’s unique culture is critical to               – Training & development (courses completed)
ensuring that we continue to attract and retain talent.                 – Attrition
How we monitor the impact of our actions                                – Sickness
and the strength of our relationship                                    – Recruitment (e.g., applications per vacancy)
As well as monitoring the impact of our actions and




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
the strength of our relationships qualitatively through
our engagement mechanisms, we also monitor the
following key performance indicators:




                    Our sustainability ambition:
                    To be one of the best places to work in the world



                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
Our ambition is to be one of the best places                         Embedding Admiral’s purpose
to work in the world                                                 Two years ago, we took the opportunity to reflect on
To achieve our ambition to be one of the best places                 our ‘why’ – why do we exist as a business and what is
to work in the world, we have set the commitment to                  our purpose as an organisation. Following hundreds
be in the top 25 Great Places To Work (GPTW) rankings                of hours of listening to employees and conducting
across all of the Group’s respective businesses. In 2022,            multiple employee workshops, we outlined a new
we achieved this target in almost all operations where               Group purpose statement. In 2022, we have increased
we are ranked.                                                       colleague’s exposure to our purpose through training,
                                                                     and decision-making among stakeholder groups.
2022 Great Place To Work               Ranking                       Key successes include:
UK                                     4th
                                                                     • Exposure to purpose for every employee via online
Admiral Canada                         4th                             and offline communications campaigns
ConTe                                  4th
                                                                     • Annual Top 10 competition centred around
Admiral Seguros                        2nd                             showcasing our purpose in the everyday
L’olivier                              7th
                                                                     • Development of a purpose-led communities and
Admiral Solutions38                    35th                            sustainability approach
Europe                                 19th
                                                                     • The launch of a UK course about our purpose
                                                                     • Shareholder communications about purpose in
                                                                       our annual and half-year results

           80%
     of employees agreed
    that they understand
     how their role brings
    to life Admiral Group’s
      purpose in 202237                 37 Staff pulse survey result.
                                        38 Performance versus other entities is impacted by the
                                           much larger pool of companies included in India.

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
80   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                  A diverse and inclusive business                             concerns. New local working groups were introduced
                  We firmly believe that to create a successful working        in Spain, Italy, and the US, with a focus on making
                  environment, companies must embrace Diversity                positive changes in their respective entities too.
                  and Inclusion (D&I) across all levels of the business.       Through these initiatives we are seeing a transition in
                  In Admiral, a Diversity and Inclusion Forum, made up         the business from a position of awareness, into wider
                  of over 200 employees, is in place to drive all our D&I      engagement and consolidation.
                  initiatives. The forum consists of six working groups        Disabled employees
                  which consider and implement ways we can better
                                                                               Admiral Group’s UK businesses are Disability
                  support a diverse working environment. To drive the
                                                                               Confident Employers. This means they are recognised
                  conversation at the highest level, Cristina Nestares,
                                                                               as going the extra mile to make sure disabled
                  CEO of UK Insurance is the appointed D&I
                                                                               people get a fair chance, full and fair consideration
                  executive sponsor.
                                                                               to applications for employment made by those
                  In 2022, colleagues have had access to monthly               with disabilities, having regard to their particular
                  newsletters and all line managers underwent                  aptitudes and abilities. Admiral has a Disability Forum
                  mandatory D&I training. Our international entities           to help promote inclusivity in the Group for those
                  completed a maturity assessment which considered             with a disability. There is also a Workplace Support
                  multiple elements of D&I. This helped identify               Team to provide support for those with physical
                  our strengths but also areas for improvement.                Diversity partnerships and signatory commitments
                  People Services (PS) managers and D&I sponsors               disabilities, neurodiversity and short-term mental
                  met regularly to share progress, ideas, and express          health problems. Training sessions to help better
                                                                               employees understand those with neurodiversity
                                                                               are also available. The Admiral Group will support any
                                                                               employee who is disabled or has a life-threatening
                                                                               illness and help them to contribute to the Group as
                                                                               long as their health allows. Managers in the Group are
                                                                               sensitive to health concerns and special needs and will
                                                                               not knowingly allow any employee with a disabling or
                                                                               life-threatening illness to suffer from discrimination
                                                                               at work. The Group also provides employees with
                                                                               access to the Employee Assistance Programme Care
                                                                               First confidential helpline which offers advice and
                                                                               support on a range of health issues.




                                                                                £3,600
                                                                                 in Admiral shares
                                                                            received by around 10,000
                                                                               employees each year




                                                 92%
                                           answered positively
                                           to “I believe Admiral
                                          Group is a diverse and
                                           inclusive employer”


                                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                            81




                                                                                                                                            Company Overview



                       Health and wellness across our operations                 To keep candidates engaged throughout the



                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
                       At Admiral we have been committed since day one           recruitment process, changes were also made to our
                       to providing a work environment where people              onboarding platform. The platform was updated
                       feel comfortable to be themselves and receive the         with all the opportunities Admiral offers in terms
                       right level of support. The Board receives updates        of benefits, learning and development, health and
                       on health and safety throughout the year and the          wellbeing, and our culture. In addition, a hiring
                       Employee Consultation Group (ECG) gives employees         manager portal has been created which provides a
                                                                                 centralised place for hiring managers to view their




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                       a platform to share their views. Within Admiral all
                       People Services (PS) executives and the Wellbeing &       job vacancies, see applications, anonymised CVs,
                       Workplace support team are certified Mental Health        and provide feedback to candidates. These changes
                       First Aiders. We also offer access to mindfulness         are expected to streamline the recruitment process,
                       courses, healthy eating and living webinars, and guest    and in turn improve the overall recruitment journey.
                       speakers talking on a range of topics such as anxiety     Engaging and communicating
                       and emotional resilience.                                 with our employees
                       In 2022, we launched a new mental health and              Our culture is built on an environment where




                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
                       wellbeing strategy to help educate and enable             employees feel that they are part of a wider collective,
                       our colleagues. As part of our strategy, we ran           and that their contribution plays a vital role in our
                       events such as Women’s and Men’s Health months            continued success. The Admiral Employee Consultation
                       focused on driving awareness and understanding of         Group, or ECG for short, was implemented in 2019
                       various health issues. We also launched a Wellbeing       and gives employees a voice at the highest level of
                       Representatives Network which encourages face-to-         the organisation. Each department in the business
                       face communication, and gives assistance to those         has an assigned ECG representative, voted for by the
                       who may be struggling.                                    employees, to listen to employees’ views and share
                                                                                 with the Board and senior managers where they
                       People Learning and Development




                                                                                                                                            Additional Information
                                                                                 believe Admiral is doing well or needs to improve.
                       The Learning & Development (L&D) department is            In 2022, topics discussed included developments
                       Admiral’s central training hub and offers support,        around Smart Working, health and wellbeing, and
                       learning opportunities and career advice to all           further conversations on the Group’s remuneration
                       employees. In 2022, the L&D department launched           practices. No topics are considered ‘off-limits’ and
                       a new internal Leadership Planning and Skills             employees are encouraged to share their opinions to
                       Development hub. The hub provides guidance,               ensure transparent and fair conversations can occur.
                       support, and skills development opportunities for
                       employees within Admiral. In it, colleagues can build     Employee Reward
                       their own personal learning plan which they can then      We recognise the previous few years have been
                       tailor to their specific development needs. The hub       challenging for employees mentally, physically, and
                       links to a range of internal and external development     financially. As recognition of the dedication our
                       courses and programmes with additional resources          employees have showed and to address the challenges
                       in the pipeline to be built. At current we have over      faced due to the cost-of-living crises, we committed to
                       17,000 courses, as well as access to LinkedIn Learning    giving employees extra payments in the year. We also
                       for all colleagues. In 2022, we’ve also deepened our      operate our employee share scheme which sees
                       understanding of where talent pools may or may not        around 10,000 employees receiving an award worth
                       exist across our global operations and strengthened       up to £3,600 in Admiral shares each year.
                       processes to identify potential talent. To that end,
                       internal communities have been created in targeted         A wide range of non-salary benefits covering all
                       business areas to enhance our development networks        employees are also available. This includes support
                       and develop Admiral’s employer value proposition.         for medical appointments, buy-a-book schemes,
                                                                                 company support for dependent care through
                       Recruiting the right people                               cooperation with local childcare facilities, a cycle-to-
                       Our recruitment programs are designed to align with       work scheme, and a wide variety of leave opportunities
                       strategic business needs. In 2022, in line with Admiral   such as: Maternity/Paternity leave, Dependent Care
                       2.0 Group strategy, emphasis was placed on recruiting     leave, Career break leave, Compassionate leave, and
                       for Data and Analytics (D&A) roles. Strategies have       Charity leave.
                       been put in place to identify where we need to
                       develop or recruit talent, these strategies take into
                       account variables such as, attrition, time to hire,
                       and the demand for skills. Community working groups
                       were then established to design better ways to attract
                       and retain D&A talent.


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
82   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                                                                                     How we engage to confirm what matters

        Our Business:                                                                to our partners and suppliers
                                                                                     To ensure strong third-party engagement, there are
        Partners and                                                                 dedicated processes around the Group to govern
                                                                                     end-to-end relationships. Key parties have internal

        Suppliers                                                                    relationship managers responsible for ongoing
                                                                                     dialogue, for example with co- and reinsurance
                                                                                     partners, and strategic partners.
                                                                                     To monitor and support the governance of
                                                                                     procurement, a software application is used to
                                                                                     provide tender management, contract management,
                                                                                     supplier management and due diligence under a
                                                                                     single platform. This information is reported to the
                                                                                     Admiral Risk Management Committee monthly and
                                                                                     helps inform our engagement with our suppliers.
                                                                                     The Group’s dedicated Regulatory Relationship teams
                                                                                     maintain channels of communication with the FCA
                                                                                     and PRA in the UK, and all our international regulated
                                                                                     intermediaries and insurers.

                        Why they matter to us strategically and how                  Board oversight, training, and escalation
                        they influence the operation of the business                 The Board receives updates on:
                        Our partners and suppliers are considered strategically      • All proportional risk-sharing agreements,
                        important to us either because (i) the supplier is a           including co-insurance and reinsurance contracts
                        material outsourcer (ii) the supplier or partner is
                                                                                     • Matters relating to partnerships and opportunities
                        integral to achieving future strategic goals, (iii) there
                        are particularly preferential rates or terms in place,       • Relationships with key partners and procurement,
                        or (iv) another factor which makes the relationship            including our payment policies and practices
                        hard to replicate or replace.                                • Regulatory, technological and consumer trends
                        Our strategic partners and suppliers comprise a mix          • Modern slavery risks in the supply chain
                        of financial partners, reinsurance partners, IT hosting,     The Board takes all updates into account when
                        distribution and claims management and claims                considering the long-term consequences of its
                        services partners. Therefore, it is crucial that the Group   strategies and business plan. The CFO provides
                        fosters these relationships effectively to mitigate the      updates on the activities related to the renewal
                        associated risks in the supply chain.                        of the Group’s co-insurance, reinsurance and quota
                        What matters to our partners and                             share contracts, including maintaining the ongoing
                        suppliers, and encourages them to maintain                   strategic relationship with Munich Re.
                        a relationship with Admiral
                        The matters of most importance to our partners and
                        suppliers are:
                        • Strong ethical partnerships and fair treatment
                        • Receiving great service and engagement through
                          our supplier sourcing, and supplier management
                        • Timely payment practices
                        • Governance of managing risk
                        • Business resilience




                                                                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                               83




                                                                                                                                               Company Overview



                       What value is created by us for them?                      and conditions that limit liability for potential business



                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                       As part of the tender process, each supplier completes     losses arising from service outages. However, this is an
                       an extensive due diligence questionnaire to ensure         industry-wide risk and one that is generally mitigated
                       they comply with Group standards. Our procurement          by: (i) carrying out appropriate due diligence on
                       team also manages contract renewal, including              suppliers to ensure they have effective resiliency;
                       an updated due diligence assessment and                    (ii) not over relying on a single cloud hosting provider;
                       commercial negotiation.                                    and (iii) maintaining appropriate insurance cover to
                                                                                  protect the group against business interruption caused




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                       The selection of suppliers must follow a documented        by third party outages.
                       evaluation process, considering at a minimum the
                       tender submission, the business requirements,              With the general exception of cloud suppliers,
                       the due diligence carried out, commercial and              we also continue to ensure that all suppliers sign up
     Read more on      contractual terms.                                         to our terms and conditions that are reviewed and
     pages 6, 32                                                                  updated in line with regulatory standards. For cloud
     and 36            Managing relationships with our partners and               suppliers who require us to sign up to their terms
                       suppliers in this way enables us to maintain business      and conditions, we require suppliers to include a
                       resilience and therefore reduce risk, ensures that there   set of contractual requirements called the “Cloud




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                       is a consistent process and that they are treated fairly   Minimum Standards”.
                       and paid promptly.
                                                                                  There were opportunities to improve the way we
                       • We launched Pet partnership with veterinarians           manage our partner and supplier relationship risks in
                         across the country                                       2022. Some of the opportunities included reviewing
                          + Read more on page 32                                  our procurement framework applicable to the Group,
                       • We partnered with an Insurtech to help customers         building additional capabilities to monitor, rate and
                         mitigate leaks in UK Home                                improve ESG performance of partners and suppliers,
                          + Read more on page 3                                   and enhanced supplier risk controls to meet the FCA’s




                                                                                                                                               Additional Information
                       • Admiral Pioneer funded investment in Wagonex             operational resilience requirements.
                          + Read more on page 36                                  How we monitor the impact of our actions
                       What are the risks and opportunities                       and the strength of our relationship
                       that could affect the relationships and,                   • Successful renewal of risk-sharing agreements
                       therefore, Admiral’s success?                                and contracts
                       Partner and supplier risk refers to the degree of risk     • Engagement with co-insurance and
                       to the business arising from the potential loss of the       reinsurance partners
                       supplier or partner, the contract, the criticality of      • Feedback from strategic suppliers and partners
                       the service, the size of the supply market and the         • Compliance and audit activities
                       complexity to move or switch suppliers. At Admiral,
                       each supplier is given a risk score based on these         • Efficiency/savings and decreased risk in
                       matters, which is regularly reported to the Risk             procurement activities
                       Management Committee, as outlined above.                   • Supplier performance against agreed service levels
                       Some risks in respect of partners and suppliers arise
                       from hosting critical services in the cloud. Whilst the
                       migration to the cloud has many operational and
                       commercial advantages, the reliance on cloud hosting
                       providers such as Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud
                       Platform means that outages affecting those providers
                       could have a significant impact on core operations
                       and present a business interruption risk. The one-to-
                       many nature of cloud services means that Admiral is
                       usually required to sign up to cloud suppliers’ terms




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
84   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                        Our sustainability ambition:
                        To build successful businesses with operational resilience



     Sustainable procurement practices
     Admiral has embedded sustainable business practices
     across all the procurement engagements that it
     conducts. During any tender process, potential
     suppliers are asked to complete a due diligence
     questionnaire which includes questions related
     to societal and environmental factors such as
     financial crime, data protection, modern slavery,
     and environmental accreditation. Suppliers are then
     assigned a risk score based on these criteria. Risk levels
     are managed throughout the supplier process and
     where suppliers have poor credentials, they are
     disqualified. That said, we recognise that more can be
     done in terms of promoting sustainable procurement
     practices. We are currently working towards improving
     technology and automation solutions to make the
     Group procurement function more efficient. This will
     ensure that we can continue to effectively assess our
     supply chain and appropriately consider any rising
     modern slavery and environmental risks in the future.




                                             Partnership with Pure Storage
                                             Admiral partnered with Pure Storage in 2019,                           We are committed
                                             to improve our on-premise data storage within                           to achieving our
                                             our data centres.                                                      net zero target by
                                             In 2022 the project was completed. Pure storage helped
                                             us improve our performance across all our core databases,                 2040
                                             almost doubling the speed of our real-time analytics and
                                             emergency rate changes made at short notice in response
                                             to such things as inclement weather. Pure technology has
                                             also helped us to reduce the size of our data centre and its
                                             carbon footprint by a factor of four – keeping the business
                                             on track to reach our net zero target by 2040.
                                             Chris Bevan, Head of Platform Services, had the following
                                             to say – “With Pure Storage, rate change calculations are
                                             98% faster, giving customers the best prices and improving
                                             our chance of listing in the top 10 on aggregation sites”.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                         85




                                                                                                                                         Company Overview



                                                                                How we engage to confirm what matters


                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
   Our Business:                                                                to our shareholders
                                                                                The Group engages regularly with shareholders
   Shareholders                                                                 through frequent and open dialogue. Our Investor
                                                                                Relations calendar consists of various activities
                                                                                including but not limited to:
                                                                                • Results announcements and presentations




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                                                                • Annual Report
                                                                                • Roadshows (in person where possible, and remotely)
                                                                                • Conferences
                                                                                • Analyst and Investor phone calls/ presentations
                                                                                • 1:1 and group meetings
                                                                                • IFRS 17 analyst training session
                                                                                • On-site investor visits




                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
                                                                                • Annual General Meeting
                                                                                • Staff General Meetings
                                                                                • Corporate Governance shareholder meetings
                       Why they matter to us strategically and how                (with Chair and Senior Independent Directors)
                       they influence the operation of the business
                                                                                In 2022, we also further improved communication
                       Shareholder engagement fosters understanding             through enhanced disclosures and engaging with
                       of Admiral’s strategy and investment case. It allows     indices to improve index ratings.




                                                                                                                                         Additional Information
                       us to explain the business and strategic decisions
                       and rationale whilst providing opportunities             Board oversight, training, and escalation
                       for shareholders to comment and challenge                The Board receives regular updates on the activities
                       business priorities.                                     of the Investor Relations team, as well as on meetings
                                                                                held between Board members and/or management
                       What matters to our shareholders and
                                                                                and investors. The Board also receives investor
                       encourages them to maintain a relationship               feedback (post roadshows/results/conferences) and
                       with Admiral                                             uses it to shape its approach to corporate governance,
                       Our stakeholders deem that the key areas of              ensuring that any issues or concerns raised are
                       importance related to our shareholders include:          considered and addressed. The Board also receives
                                                                                regular updates on the key elements of ESG.
                       • The financial performance of the business,
                         including products and services that are fit for       What value is created by us for them?
                         purpose and provide solid financial returns
                                                                                • Clarity and insight into operations
                       • Business strategy and viability of long-term success
                                                                                • Sharing timely updates in line with best practice
                       • Our approach to climate change and
                                                                                • Transparency, so that analysts and shareholders
                         the environment
                                                                                  have confidence in the value of the stock/can
                       • We also recognise the growing importance of ESG          price fairly
                         factors in investment decision making
                                                                                • Assurance of management intentions/strategy
                                                                                • Confidence that external views will be shared/
                                                                                  discussed with the management team
                                                                                • In 2022, we held an IFRS 17 event to help investors
                                                                                  better understand the impact of the changing
                                                                                  accountancy rules
                                                                                • Across the year, we engaged with third-party
                                                                                  agencies to provide feedback on our sustainability
                                                                                  reporting and made efforts to improve disclosure
                                                                                  + Read more on page 91
                                                                                • Our Chair and Senior Independent Directors held a
                                                                                  series of corporate governance meetings with our
                                                                                  largest shareholders
                                                                                • In 2022, we ran through a succession plan, to secure
                                                                                  our new Chair
Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
86   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

     What are the risks and opportunities that                   How we monitor the impact of our actions                         To see how we
                                                                                                                                  link risks to our
     could affect the relationship and, therefore,               and the strength of our relationship                             pillars of strategy,
     Admiral’s success?                                          • Broker feedback                                                please turn to
                                                                                                                                  page 114
     Our principal risks and uncertainties section outlines      • Analyst feedback
     the risks and opportunities that could impact our
                                                                 • Shareholder feedback                                           To see our
     strategic objectives and affect shareholder’s views                                                                          principal risks
     of the business.                                            • Investor Relations material                                    and uncertainties,
                                                                                                                                  please turn to
                                                                 • Feedback from proxy advisory firms
     No new principal risks and uncertainties were                                                                                page 114
     identified throughout 2022, and the principal               • AGM voting results
     risks and uncertainties that could impact Admiral’s         • ESG indices                                                    Our key financial
                                                                                                                                  and non-financial
     relationship with shareholders have remained                • Investor meetings                                              highlights are on
     stable over the same period.                                                                                                 page 4
                                                                 • Roadshow feedback
                                                                 • Rating agency reports
                                                                                                                                  Details of how
                                                                 Our website contains all Investor Relations material             we engage with
                                                                 and AGM Voting Results.                                          ESG indices can
                                                                                                                                  be found on
                                                                                                                                  page 73




                        Our sustainability ambition:
                        We seek to build successful businesses with operational resilience


     Regular shareholder engagement
     Admiral’s management team actively engages with
     the Group’s shareholders to promote open and
     transparent dialogue. Issues discussed generally
     relate to the Group’s financial performance, product
     and service updates, and the long-term strategy of
     the Group. These engagements provide current and
     potential investors with insights into Admiral’s strategy
     and are a means by which we receive feedback.
     The Investor Relations Team oversees engagement
     with the Group’s shareholders and provides
     regular updates to the Group Board. The team also
     organises meetings between Board members and/
     or management and investors, including conferences,
     one to one management meetings, and annual
     Corporate Governance meetings with our Board Chair.
     In 2022, there continued to be a mix of meetings held
     in person and online with the Group able to continue
     its regular shareholder engagement.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             87




                                                                                                                                             Company Overview



                                                                                   How we engage to confirm what matters


                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
    Our Society:                                                                   to our communities
                                                                                   Our employees drive our community engagement

    Communities                                                                    as they are involved in nominating and choosing which
                                                                                   initiatives we support. A culture of giving and a sense
                                                                                   of responsibility for the community is shared across
                                                                                   the whole Group.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                                   We engage in several ways, including:
                                                                                   • Colleague volunteering, particularly our
                                                                                     ‘Impact Hours’ scheme
                                                                                   • Charity initiatives
                                                                                   • Partnerships with recruitment bodies
                                                                                   • Partnerships with educational bodies
                                                                                   • Sponsorship of various community events




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                                                                                   • Fundraising
                                                                                   • Funding projects through our Community Fund
                                                                                   • Funding projects through our Ministry of
                           Why they matter to us strategically and how               Giving programme
                           they influence the operation of the business            Board oversight, training, and escalation
                           Giving back to our communities is an integral part      The Board receives updates on the key community
                           of our company culture. Our people play a key role      initiatives across the Group and provides direction




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
                           in how we engage with our communities, and we           on how we can continue to make a long-lasting,
                           work collectively to drive long-term change both        positive impact. In 2022, the Board also approved our
                           inside and outside of the Group.                        new Community Outreach programme. Please turn to
                           As a large employer across several countries,           page 89 to read more.
                           we believe it is our responsibility to provide          What value is created by us for them?
                           employment opportunities for those in the local
                           areas whilst training and developing our people.        • We launched the Global Emergency fund
                                                                                     + Read more on page 90
                           We are committed to promoting and recognising
                           diversity both within Admiral, and in the communities   • We encouraged all of our employees to ‘Give a Day’*
                           in which we operate.                                      with our long standing volunteering scheme
                                                                                     + Read more on page 89
                           What matters to them and encourages them
                                                                                   • We sponsored FinTech Wales Foundry
                           to maintain a relationship with Admiral                   Accelerator programme
                           The material issues for our communities generally         + Read more on page 15
                           relate to support and ongoing dialogue, financial and   • We supported over 200 organisations and donated
                           resource-based contributions, and consistency and         over £140k in 2022, via our Community Fund
                           integrity relating to our promises.                       + Read more on page 88
                           We recognize the following focus areas as being the     • We developed and streamlined our existing
                           most important to our communities:                        Community Outreach programme
                                                                                     + Read more on page 150
                           • Employability
                           • Social mobility
                           • Educational opportunities
                           • Financial inclusion
                           • Sports, arts, and culture




* Rebranded to ‘Impact Hours’ in 2022

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
88   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                        Local support                                            What are the risks and opportunities that
                        We recognise that there are organisations that do        could affect the relationship and, therefore,
                        great work and are very closely aligned to many of our   Admiral’s success?
                        Group sustainability goals. Examples of organisations    Admiral is known for being a generous partner of
                        that we support locally include bodies that champion     community charity initiatives and engaging with
                        social mobility and employability, support educational   our communities provides us opportunities to give
                        opportunities, promote health and wellbeing, provide     back and actively contribute to society. Over the
                        help for the homeless and support sport, and promote     last 12 months, the Community Strategy has been
                        art and culture within various communities. Therefore,   revised, and focus areas include impact hours,
                        during 2022, we made ‘super donations’ to support        which contribute to teambuilding and colleagues
                        local organisations that work in these areas.            building networks in and outside of the business.
                                                                                 The Community Strategy has evolved into having
                        Partnership with Jesus College
                                                                                 a purpose/ goal that aims to help as many people
                        In 2022, we entered the second year of our three-        into jobs as possible. The more focused approach
                        year partnership with the University of Oxford’s Jesus   potentially means that the scope of the community
                        College on their Welsh access initiative. Our support    projects is narrower. Relationship management with
                        enables our Access and Outreach team to develop          existing charity partners will need to be managed
                        new access activities, enhance existing programmes       to reflect our generous/ positive contributions,
                        and reach more academically gifted young people          communicate our streamlined approach and protect
                        in the country, who are currently under-represented      our reputation. You can read more about this on the
                        at Oxford and other leading universities in the          next page.
                        UK. This work will include outreach partnerships
                        with several Welsh primary and secondary schools,        How we monitor the impact of our actions
                        careers and interviews advice workshops for secondary    and the strength of our relationship
                        students and bring additional support to the College’s   • Feedback from charities, recruitment, and
                        prestigious Seren Summer School programme and the          educational bodies
                        University of Oxford’s “Oxford Cymru” consortium.
                                                                                 • Feedback from employees
                                                                                 • Community feedback
                                                                                 • Dialogue with organisations
                                                                                 • Feedback from the Welsh Government
                                                                                 • Media Coverage
                                                                                 • Social Media




                                                                            Over
                                                                           £140k
                                                                            in 2022, via our
                                                                              Community
                                                                                 Fund




                                                                                      Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                      89




                                                                                                                      Company Overview




                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
                 Our sustainability ambition:
                 We strive to have a positive impact on society


Our Community Strategy                                      we supported over 200 organisations, spending £142K,




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Admiral has always cared about our impact on the            with the majority of the spend going towards sports
community, and has been involved in many initiatives        and arts clubs. Additionally, if a colleague has raised
to invest in our communities in areas where we              money for a charity or organisation, they can apply for
think we can make a difference, but that also are           match funding where the business matches what they
meaningful to our colleagues. In 2021, we built on          raise. We provided a total of £59K to over 70 charities
this approach to re-define and add more focus to our        and organisations in 2022.
Community Strategy, launching our ‘Together for             Impact Hours
Better’ approach – our commitment to transforming
                                                            Alongside our work to support people into sustainable




                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
futures in our local community. Grounded by our
                                                            work, we have long-standing initiatives in place such
Group Purpose, Together for Better is underpinned
                                                            as Impact Hours (previously Give-A-Day) where our
by three strategic pillars:
                                                            employees can take the equivalent of two working
• Community                                                 days away to volunteer in their local communities.
• Colleagues                                                In 2022, to maximise the effect and use of our Impact
                                                            Hours, we have encouraged and helped business areas
• Careers
                                                            to plan bespoke volunteering initiatives. We have
This approach will focus primarily on the employment        also improved the tracking of volunteer hours and




                                                                                                                      Additional Information
market and getting more people into work.                   ensured each of our selected charitable partners can
To support our strategy, we are working with local          provide volunteer opportunities. Since the re-launch
and global partners to reduce labour skills gaps and        of our volunteer programme, we have noticed a
help disadvantaged groups into more sustainable             significant increase in teams using their team-building
employment. One of our most significant partnerships        time to volunteer and make positive change in
is with Generation, a non-profit organisation striving to   their communities.
transform the education system into an employment
system. Initially, we will pilot programmes in India and
Italy. Generation Italy will support 80–100 participants
in tech programmes and Generation India will support
550–600 participants in programmes across the
technology, service & sales, and healthcare sectors.
Our longstanding Community and Match Fund have
also been incorporated into our wider Community                          “I participated in an ‘Impact Hours’
                                                                           litter pick in Bute Park with m y whole
Strategy. For context, through the Community Fund
scheme colleagues can apply for a grant to help
organisations, community groups and clubs that either
they or their direct family are involved in. In 2022,
                                                                           team. We had valuable team bonding
                                                                           in a largely virtual team. Doing charity
                                                                           work never felt so ‘Admiral’ singing
                                                                           Tom Jones and reminiscing over past
                                                                           lives in the contact centre, all while
                                                                           performing an invaluable service to the
                                                                           community in Cardiff.”

                                                                         Cellan Lloyd
                                                                         Group Compliance



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
90   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

     Global Emergency Fund


                                                                                                Over
     Admiral’s Global Emergency Fund was set up in 2022
     and is dedicated to making fast donations to people
     and organisations who need it most around the world.
     Organisations supported in 2022 include the Welsh
     Refugee Council, where our donation has supported
     their employability programme and helped a total of
                                                                                               £140K
     150 refugees secure employment in Wales. We have                                           donated via our
     also donated to the British Red Cross to aid their                                        Community Fund
     Pakistan Flood appeal, helping over 3,500 people by
     providing warm clothing during the winter months.
     In response to the Hurricane Fiona in Canada, $150,000
     was donated to charities helping those affected.
     Much of this was led by our employees who worked
     tirelessly to support communities across Halifax and
     other badly affected areas, such as Nova Scotia.

     A few of our Together for Better partnerships




                                                              Over £50K
                                                                 donated to over
                                                                 70 charities and
                                                              organisations through
                                                                 our Match Fund




                                                                                            Over 200
                                                                                             charities supported
                                                                                                through our
                                                                                              Community Fund




                                                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                 91




                                                                                                                 Company Overview



                                                       How we engage to increase awareness


                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
   Our Society:                                        and to confirm what matters
                                                       Colleague-directed activities include:
   Environment                                         • Regular updates from the Green Team, an internal
                                                         working group set up to look at green initiatives to
                                                         minimise the impact of climate change




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
                                                       • Internal promotion of Green Week and Earth Day
                                                       • Engagement with colleagues at employee forums
                                                         and via CEO updates
                                                       • Various recycling initiatives across our offices
                                                       • Quarterly meetings of our Climate Steering Group
                                                       • Presentations from Group Strategic Risk at CMAD
                                                         (Senior Managers Strategy Sessions)
                                                       Board oversight, training, and escalation



                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                                                       The Board regularly receives updates on climate
                                                       and ESG-related topics, as well as our Responsible
                                                       Investment Policy, and provides feedback and topics
Why it matters to us strategically and how             for consideration. During the year, a briefing session
                                                       was also held on the Task Force on Climate-Related
it influences the operation of the business
                                                       Financial Disclosures (TCFD) for the Audit Committee
At Admiral, we care deeply about our employees,        and the Group Risk Committee to provide clarity on
our customers, and the impact we make on the world.    the requirements and their respective responsibilities.




                                                                                                                 Additional Information
Admiral is mindful that it is increasingly important        Further details on this can be found
to demonstrate responsible business behaviour with          on page 97
regards to the environment, not just because all our
stakeholders demand it, but because it is the right    What value is created by us for
thing to do:                                           the environment?
                                                       • We enhanced our Climate positive employee
• Our people want to know that they work for a
                                                         engagement programme
  company which is playing its part in tackling the
                                                         + Read more on page 99
  climate emergency
                                                       • We invested in reforestation investments
• Our customers want to know that we are not only
                                                         (Stump Up For Trees and Size of Wales)
  looking after their property and possessions, but      + Read more on page 94
  that we’re looking after their future
                                                       • In 2022, we made progress towards our net
• Our shareholders and regulators want to know that      zero targets
  we are a company which is robust to the challenges     + Read more on page 93
  and open to the opportunities that tackling the
  climate emergency will present                       • During the year, we installed electric vehicle
                                                         charging points in our offices
• We strive to reduce our environmental impact,          + Read more on page 94
  including our carbon footprint, and encourage
  responsible behaviour in our people, customers,      • We became fully carbon neutral for the third
  and other stakeholders                                 year running
                                                         + Read more on page 95




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
92   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

     We recognise that environmental disclosures are               How we monitor the impact of our actions
     increasingly requested by investors, shareholders,            To monitor the impact of our actions we report energy
     customers, and other stakeholders. For 2022,                  and carbon emissions in line with SECR to make carbon
     Admiral made disclosures consistent with the                  reporting more transparent and to aid the goal of
     Taskforce on Climate related Disclosures (TCFDs)              achieving a carbon net zero target.
     and against the Streamlined Energy and Carbon
     Reporting Framework. (SECR).                                  We also align our reporting with the TCFD’s published
          Please turn to page 97 to read more about
                                                                   recommendations concerning governance, risk
          TCFD, and page 95 for SECR                               management, strategy, metrics, and targets.
                                                                          Read more on
     What are the risks and opportunities                                 page 97
     that could  affect Admiral’s impact
     on the environment and, therefore,
     Admiral’s success?
     The current focus is on climate change, both the
     impact of a changing climate on us, as well as our
                                                                                    We are committed
     impact on climate change.
                                                                                       to achieving
     The former is viewed through the lens of transition
     risks (risks arising from a transition to a low carbon
                                                                                    net zero in directly
     economy), physical risks (risks arising from a changing                      controlled operational
     climate), and liability risks (risks arising from people                         emissions by
     or businesses seeking compensation for losses they
     may have suffered from climate change), in the short,
     medium, and long-term.
                                                                                         2030
          More information is included in the ‘strategy’ section
          of the TCFD disclosure on pages 97 to 111

     While the current focus is on carbon footprint,
     and plans for footprint reduction, in the future,
     there is likely to be an increasing focus on biodiversity
     and other aspects of environmental degradation/
     regeneration.




                                                      We are committed
                                                       to achieving net
                                                      zero greenhouse
                                                      gas emissions by

                                                         2040




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             93




                                                                                                                                             Company Overview




                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
                   Our sustainability ambition:
                   We strive to have a positive impact on society


Committed to Net Zero by 2040                                 Employee engagement on climate change




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Admiral Group has formally committed to achieving             An employee engagement programme – Climate
net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040 at the              Positive – was launched in 2022. The programme aims
latest, across all three scopes of emissions, and to          to raise awareness of climate change, as well as the
cut these emissions in half by 2030. A commitment             Group’s response, to promote action, and to encourage
was also made to achieving net zero in operational            ongoing employee involvement. Climate-related
emissions by 2030. Alongside this, we are working             content was published in local languages across a
hard to help our customers make greener and smarter           variety of channels and formats, and a training course
choices by becoming a market leading underwriter              was released that contributes towards continuous
                                                              professional development. Employees were also




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
of electric vehicles and making sure customers can
access product features which reduce or offset their          encouraged to volunteer to become Climate Positive
carbon emissions.                                             allies, tasked with raising awareness of climate change
                                                              with peers and sharing key messages.
     See page 101 for further detail on net zero definition


Progress against our net zero commitments
Our primary efforts in 2022 were dedicated towards
verifying the group’s scope 1–3 carbon emissions.




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
To date, the measurement and verification of scope
1 and 2 emissions has been completed, and the focus
is now on estimating accurate scope 3 emissions                            Sustainable equipment use
(investments and supply chain), using finance data.
In parallel to verifying scope 1–3 emissions, we have                      Following the transition to hybrid working
started work to establish Science-Based Target                             and the need for all employees to use laptops
(SBT)-aligned pathways; with the plan to submit these                      away from the office, much of the equipment
to the SBTi for approval in 2023. To support us on this,                   employees used before the pandemic was no
a three-year programme of work has been agreed and
                                                                           longer needed.
initiated with Carbon Intelligence. Once SBTs have
been set and approved, a credible transition plan can                      A decommission project was launched across our seven
be devised and implemented. This plan will ensure                          sites in South Wales to remove all unnecessary assets from
that Admiral meets its intermediate 2030 targets                           our offices. Over the course of this project, 16,853 pieces
as well as its long-term ambition to be a net-zero                         of equipment consisting of desktops, laptops, and monitors
business by 2040.                                                          were re-sold and recycled, saving approximately 83,729 tonnes
                                                                           worth of equipment from going to landfill. By working with
                                                                           environmentally conscious suppliers, we avoided 5,026 tonnes
                                                                           of CO2 and 1,621 tonnes of fossil fuel emissions going into the
                                                                           atmosphere, as well as 10,103 litres of H2O being used.




                                                                              16,853
                                                                            pieces of equipment
                                                                             re-sold or recycled



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
94   Strategic Report




     Creating Sustainable Value for our Stakeholders
     continued

                            Responsible Products                                          party (MSCI ESG Research) to support our approach.
                            Over the past few years, we have developed,                   This data is integrated into the Group’s wider
                            redesigned, and expanded our product proposition              investment decision-making process and ensures
                            to make sure we adapt to changes in our society               an appropriate level of ESG management is in place.
                            and the environment.                                          Minimum average ESG scoring requirements are also
                                                                                          used and we actively engage with asset managers
          Read more         The number of electric vehicles (EV) on cover
          about the
                                                                                          where any risks are identified.
          positive impact   continued to grow strongly in 2022, and is up by over
          our products      60% year on year. Times Top for EVs, (a measure of            Support for green initiatives
          have on society   how competitive our pricing is) is positive, and loss         In 2022, we supported climate action initiatives
          in the 2022
          Sustainability    ratios for electric vehicles are in line with levels          by purchasing carbon offsets and donating to
          Report            exhibited by petrol and diesel vehicles. In addition,         reforestation projects in both Wales and abroad.
                            Kooalys, a small new venture we launched in                   During the year, we offset 3,454 tonnes of carbon
                            France, supports enterprises in their eco-transition          emissions via our partnership with United Purpose,
                            towards green vehicle fleets. Through Kooalys,                purchasing credits through their gold standard
                            we are gaining a better understanding into changes            carbon scheme.
                            in mobility and the transition towards commercial
                                                                                          We donated to Stump Up For Trees (SUFT),
                            electric vehicle usage. Combined, our approach means
                                                                                          a community-based charity focused on broadleaf
                            we stay close to developing trends and continue
                                                                                          woodland creation and enhancing the natural
                            to test-and-learn new opportunities.
                                                                                          biodiversity and ecology of the environment in
                            Responsible Investments                                       the Brecon Beacons area of south-east Wales.
                            Admiral’s investment strategy targets Net Zero39              Our donation will see 1,125 trees planted over the
                            by 2040 with the aim of achieving real economic               next 12 years, with the trees estimated to continue
                            carbon emission reductions.                                   to remove carbon from the environment for up to
                                                                                          100 years. As well as SUFT, we also support the charity
                            We have a responsible investment policy which                 Size of Wales. Our funding helps to protect against
                            includes a commitment not to invest in coal and               deforestation through planting and monitoring
                            oil sands – in line with the 2015 United Nations              37,000 trees via the Bore Forest Project in Kenya.
                            Paris Agreement. To reach our Net Zero targets we             Our support also contributes to the local community.
                            will focus our investments into firms with Science-
                            Based Targets (SBT) and into financial instruments
                            which focus on providing climate solutions, such
                            as green bonds. We use external data from a third-




                                                                                            A
                                                                            Admiral’s investment
                                                                             portfolio weighted
                                                                            average ESG score has
                                                                              an MSCI A rating




                                            37,000
                                             trees planted via
                                              the Bore Forest
                                             Project in Kenya
                                                                            39 Defined by average carbon intensity across eligible investments. Where eligible includes
                                                                               all assets outlined in the Net Zero Investment Framework which is endorsed by the UN’s
                                                                               Race to Zero

                                                                                                   Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                          95




Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)
                                                                                                                                                                          Company Overview



This statement has been prepared in accordance



                                                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
with our regulatory obligation to report greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions pursuant to the Companies
(Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships
(Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018 which
implement the government’s policy on Streamlined
Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR). During the
reporting period January 2022 to December 2022,




                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
our measured Scope 1 and 2 emissions (location-
based) totalled 3,429 tCO2e. This comprised:

                                                                                  FY2021                                                   FY2022
                                                                                  Rest of                                                   Rest of
                                                                    UK             World                Total                UK              World                Total
Scope 1                                                        1,839                196               2,035               598                 27                 625
Scope 2 – location-based                                       1,768              1,272               3,039             1,549              1,254               2,803




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
Scope 2 – market-based                                            25              1,332               1,357                41              1,320               1,361
Total Scope 1 & 2 (Location-Based)                             3,607              1,467               5,074             2,147              1,281               3,429
Total Scope 1 & 2 (market-based)                               1,865              1,527               3,392               639              1,347               1,986
Scope 1 & 2 intensity per FTE
                                                                   0.5                0.4                0.5                0.3                0.4                 0.3
(location-based)
Scope 3                                                          437                 619              1,057                315                675                 990
In accordance with SECR calculations, the tCO2e 2021 data shown for Scope 1, 2 and 3 is estimated and unverified. In addition, the 2021 has been restated following a
review by Carbon Intelligence due to an update in the reporting methodology. For verified tCO2e data, please refer to TCFD table on page 108.




                                                                                                                                                                          Additional Information
Overall, our Scope 1 and 2 emissions have decreased                                 The impact of COVID has resulted in working from
by 32% against last year. This was largely due to                                   home becoming “business as usual”, with the offices
improved control in our Building Management                                         being kept within statutory and regulatory compliance
Systems in our largest locations and closure of                                     requirements, has naturally resulted in a reduction of
some sites. We purchase 63% of our electricity                                      utility usage and driven a floor space reduction which
from renewable sources, meaning our Scope 1                                         has increased the energy/utility savings. The building
and 2 market based emissions were 1,986 tCO2e,                                      management within the UK sites Newport, Cardiff and
a decrease of 41% from last year.                                                   Swansea is controlled by Building Management Systems
                                                                                    (BMS). These UK sites are being actively monitored for
                                                                                    performance optimisation and time schedule efficiency.
                                                                                    The requirement to introduce greater amounts of
                                                                                    fresh air into the buildings, which is achieved via the
                                                                                    BMS system, has resulted in a marginal increase in
                                                                                    utility consumption.
         Scope 1 and 2
      emissions (location-
        based) totalled

      3,429 tCO e                      2




                                                                                                            Our Scope 1 and 2
                                                                                                             emissions have
                                                                                                              decreased by

                                                                                                                 32%
Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
96   Strategic Report




     Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)
      continued

     During this period, we have taken the opportunity
     to engage with specialist consultants to review the
                                                                                     Scope 1:
     building operation and explore decarbonisation
     measures such as the removal of natural gas in                                  • Natural gas combustion
     Cardiff and the sourcing of alternative solutions.                              • Diesel Vehicle combustion
     Equipment/plant modernisation is also being planned
     for the next financial period/year which includes the
     upgrade of the BMS system in Cardiff and replacement
     or upgrading of air-condition plant for more
     efficient solutions.
                                                                                     Scope 2:
     We continue to engage our staff in energy efficiency                            • Purchased electricity – standard
     campaigns and to explore the use of emerging
                                                                                     • Purchased electricity – renewable
     technology, such as the district heating mains being
     introduced in Cardiff. We have also engaged with
     consultants to review our options with regards to
     emerging technologies and fossil fuel alternatives
     in all our sites.
                                                                                     Scope 3:
     Our Scope 3 emissions are comprised of business
     travel, Fuel and Energy-Related Activities not                                  • FERA
     included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 (FERA), waste and                                • Waste
     water. Our measured Scope 3 emissions totalled                                  • Water
     990 tCO2e, a decrease of 6% from last year due
                                                                                     • Business Travel
     to fewer estimations and closure of some sites.
     During the year, our total fuel and electricity
     consumption totalled 15,216,000 kWh, of which                                Where data is missing, values have been estimated
     71% was consumed in the UK. The split between                                using extrapolation of available data or data from
     fuel and electricity consumption is displayed below.                         the previous year as a proxy. However, in comparison
     Methodology                                                                  to previous years, more raw data was available
                                                                                  and therefore, estimations make up less than 3%
     We quantify and report our organisational GHG
                                                                                  of Admiral Group’s total emissions. The Scope 2
     emissions in alignment with the World Resources
                                                                                  Guidance requires that we quantify and report Scope 2
     Institute’s Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate
                                                                                  emissions according to two different methodologies
     Accounting and Reporting Standard and in alignment
                                                                                  (“dual reporting”): (i) the location-based method,
     with the Scope 2 Guidance. We consolidate our
                                                                                  using average emissions factors for the country
     organisational boundary according to the operational
                                                                                  in which the reported operations take place; and
     control approach, which includes all our operations
                                                                                  (ii) the market-based method, which uses the actual
     and sites. The GHG sources that constituted our
                                                                                  emissions factors of the energy procured.
     operational boundary for the year are:


                                                                      FY2021                                     FY2022
                                                                       Rest of                                     Rest of
     Energy consumption (kWh)                               UK          World          Total             UK         World          Total
     Electricity                                 8,325,000         4,606,000     12,931,000    7,297,000      4,982,000      12,279,000
     Fuels*1                                     5,033,000           530,000      5,562,000    2,904,000         32,000       2,937,000
     *1 Natural gas and transportation fuels (petrol and diesel)




                                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                           97




Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
                                                                                                                                           Company Overview



In 2019, Admiral began to report                          its membership of the Institutional Investors Group



                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                          on Climate Change.
in line with the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures                     On the following pages Admiral has made
                                                          disclosures consistent with 9 out of 11 of the TCFD’s
(TCFD), in order to provide better                        recommendations and recommended disclosures.
transparency around the ways in                           At present, Admiral has not made disclosures
which climate change will impact                          consistent with all the TCFD’s recommendations and




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
the Group now and in the future.                          recommended disclosures within Strategy (b) as,
                                                          given the large uncertainty around the likelihood and
Since then, the Group has increased its disclosure        severity of climate-related issues, they do not serve as
to further align reporting with the TCFD’s published      an explicit input into the financial planning process,
recommendations, considering all-sector and sector-       and therefore the impact on financial performance
specific guidance, as well as emerging best practice.     and financial position has not been explicitly assessed.
Recognising Admiral’s part in tackling climate            Work will be undertaken during 2023 to consider how
change, in 2021 the Group made a commitment to            Admiral Group can better recognise the potential
                                                          impacts in its financial planning and accounting




                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
reach net zero across all emissions by 2040, and net
zero in operational emissions by 2030. Since then,        activities, to ensure consistency with all recommended
as discussed in the “metrics and targets” pillar, the     disclosures in future climate reporting. Admiral has
Group has made progress in reducing its emissions.        also not set or disclosed clear targets consistent with
In 2023 Admiral intends to submit Science-Based           the cross-industry, climate-related metrics as required
Targets for validation, with the intention of securing    by the recommended disclosures within Metrics and
verified targets by the end of 2023, supporting its       Targets (c). During 2023, Admiral intends to submit
overarching commitments.                                  Science-Based Targets for validation, which will include
                                                          further consideration of cross-industry, climate‑related
Admiral Group has also continued to address the




                                                                                                                                           Additional Information
                                                          targets as per Metrics and Targets (c), to ensure
challenges of climate change in a number of other         consistency with all recommended disclosures in
ways, including completing Carbon Disclosure              future climate reporting. Further discussion and
Project (CDP) disclosure, producing a Sustainable         information are included in the relevant sections of
Accounting Standards Board report, and continuing         the report, and are signposted as such.



   Compliance with LR 9.8.6R
   Admiral Group plc has complied with the requirements of LR 9.8.6R by including climate-related financial disclosures consistent
   with the TCFD recommendations and recommended disclosures. Disclosures can be found on the following pages:
   Pillar         Disclosure                                                                                         Page
   Governance  a. Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities                                 Read more on
                                                                                                                            page 98-99
               b. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks
                  and opportunities
   Strategy    a. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified                      Read more
                                                                                                                            on pages
                  over the short, medium, and long term                                                                     100–106
               b. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s
                  businesses, strategy, and financial planning
               c. Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different
                  climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario
   Risk        a. Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks                 Read more
                                                                                                                            on pages
   management b. Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks                                   106–107
               c. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks
                  are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management
   Metrics and a. Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and                         Read more
                                                                                                                            on pages
   targets        opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process                                       108–111
               b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
                  and the related risks
               c. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and
                  opportunities and performance against targets
   Further relevant disclosures are signposted within the TCFD disclosure.


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
98   Strategic Report




     Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
     continued

                                                                                   Whilst the Group Board maintains ultimate
                                                                                   accountability, the GRC has primary oversight
        Governance                                                                 responsibility for climate change risk, as it has
                                                                                   delegated authority from the Group Board for
                                                                                   overseeing risk management activities. It advises
                                                                                   the Group Board on Admiral’s principal risks and
                                                                                   uncertainties (PR&Us), as well as on emerging risks,
                                                                                   and reviews the Group’s management of these risks.
                                                                                   Climate change risks are embedded within the BAU
                                                                                   risk management approach, which is discussed
                                                                                   within the Group Risk Committee section of the
                                                                                   Corporate Governance disclosure (see page 178),
                                                                                   and any developments of note are reported within the
                                                                                   Consolidated Risk Report (CRR). In addition, dedicated
                                                                                   agenda items at GRC allow a full update of climate-
                                                                                   related activities to be considered, including progress
                                                                                   towards goals and targets (e.g., by comparing
                                                                                   reductions in operational GHG emissions versus
                                                                                   stated targets). Climate change considerations are
                                                                                   also reported within the annual ORSA Report, which
                                                                                   is reviewed by the GRC prior to Board approval.
                                                                                   During 2022 the Board and GRC each received one
                                                                                   formal update on climate-related work ongoing
                        Board and Board committees                                 around the Group, including progress towards goals
                        The Admiral Group Board, which is responsible for          and targets, initiatives aligned to three focus areas
                        promoting the long-term, sustainable success of            (operations and supply chain, investments, and
                        the Group, has ultimate oversight of climate change-       products and services), an update on regulatory
                        related risks and opportunities. It is responsible for     developments, as well as information regarding
                        understanding the Group’s relationship to climate          Climate Positive, discussed in the focus box on
                        change – its impact on the environment, as well            page 99. The Investment Committee had four
                        as the impact of a changing climate on the Group           updates. The EUI and AECS Boards also received
                        – and considering this in the context of the Group’s       updates during the year. In addition, Boards and
                        strategy and risk management (including policies),         committees received multiple additional updates
                        in setting the businesses’ performance objectives,         as part of other presentations (e.g., the Group ORSA
                        and monitoring performance. Climate change risks           Report, which presented the output of the risk
                        and disclosures are reviewed and discussed at Group        assessment and scenario analysis) or discussions on
                        Board and at several Group Board committees,               ESG and sustainability topics. In future, entity Boards
                        as recurring agenda items, including the Group             and executive management teams will take more
                        Risk Committee (GRC) and Investment Committee.             direct responsibility for managing climate-related risks
                        The Admiral Group Board approves the Group                 and exploiting any opportunities.
                        ORSA Report, which includes the consideration of
                                                                                   Management and management committees
                        climate-related risks and opportunities alongside
                        examination of the Group’s strategy and business           Various senior management from across the Group
                        plans, as well as the forward-looking risk and capital     have different responsibilities relating to climate
                        assessment of the plan and associated stresses.            change-related issues, and sit on appropriate fora,
                        The Group Board will consider climate-related issues       such as the Sustainability Working Group (SWG) and
                        in relation to major capital expenditures, acquisitions,   the Climate Steering Group. The reporting which
                        divestitures, and major plans of action (where these       occurs at each forum allows management to be
                        occur) by reference to the Group’s strategic ambition,     informed about and to monitor climate-related issues.
                        which is aligned with the risks and opportunities          The Group CEO is the appointed sustainability
                        arising from a changing climate.                           representative for the Group Board, which includes
                                                                                   climate change risk within its remit. The SWG reports
                                                                                   directly to the Group CEO.
                                                                                   The Group CRO has designated SMCR responsibilities
                                                                                   in relation to climate change and is a member of the
                                                                                   Climate Steering Group.



                                                                                        Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                  99




                                                                                                                                                  Company Overview



The Group CFO is responsible for investments,             On a day-to-day basis the Group Risk team is                           Read more




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                 about our
which includes responsible investment and climate         responsible for the assessment of climate-related                      Sustainability
change considerations. The CFO is a member of the         risks and opportunities. The output of this work is                    Working
Climate Steering Group.                                   included in the CRR, where applicable, the ORSA                        Group on
                                                                                                                                 page 72
                                                          Report, and other regular and ad hoc reports
The Group CEO, Group CRO, and Group CFO, along
                                                          and papers that are shared with the appropriate
with the EUI CEO, comprise an executive committee
                                                          committees. Group Risk is responsible for drafting and                 Read more
which is appraised of, and provides guidance on,                                                                                 about our
                                                          presenting climate-related updates to the Boards and




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
climate-related initiatives across the three focus                                                                               Climate
                                                          committees shown in page 178, and it also coordinates                  Steering
areas of operations and supply chain, investments,
                                                          climate-related work across the Group, encompassing                    Group on
and products and services, as required.                                                                                          page 72
                                                          representatives from the three focus areas. It informs
The SWG was established in 2020, reporting directly       management of climate-related issues via the working
to the Group CEO, and provides updates to the Group       groups and management meetings also shown in                           Read more
                                                                                                                                 about Board
Board. It provides oversight and challenge to the         page 178.                                                              leadership
Climate Steering Group, which was established in                                                                                 and company
2021 to provide guidance on the overall programme
                                                          Climate Positive                                                       purpose
                                                                                                                                 on page 137




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
of climate-related work, and to ensure a joined-          A Group-wide staff engagement programme –
up approach across all Group functions and                Climate Positive – was launched in April 2022.
Group entities.                                           The initial programme lasted six months and aimed                      Read more
                                                          to raise awareness of climate change, the Group’s                      about the
Keith Davies, Group CRO and SMF accountable for                                                                                  Group Risk
                                                          response to the challenge, to promote action,                          Committee
climate change, and Geraint Jones, Group CFO, sit on      and to encourage ongoing staff involvement.                            on page 178
the Climate Steering Group, which is also attended        Content was published in local languages across a
by representatives from businesses around the             variety of channels and formats, and a training course
Group, and by representatives from Risk, Facilities,      titled “What is the Climate Emergency?” was released




                                                                                                                                                  Additional Information
Investments, Procurement, and Investor Relations.         that contributes towards continuous professional
It meets quarterly and is chaired by the Group            development. Staff have also been encouraged to
Strategic Risk Lead, a member of the Group Risk team.     volunteer to become Climate Positive allies, tasked
                                                          with raising awareness of climate change with
                                                          peers and sharing key messages. In future, Climate
                                                          Positive will continue to share news with staff, as well
                                                          as provide a way for staff to help Admiral shape its
                                                          response to the challenges posed by climate change.


Climate-related governance

       Working groups                 Management meetings                   Board Committees                            Boards



        Sustainability                       Investment                         Group Risk                           Admiral Group
        Working Group                        Committee                          Committee                               Board



   Climate Steering Group                     Executive                         Group Audit                          Entity Board(s)
                                             Committee                          Committee




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
100   Strategic Report




      Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
      continued

                                                                                       reducing its impact on the environment is most clearly
         Strategy                                                                      seen through its net zero commitments, while the
                                                                                       impact of a changing climate on the Group is captured
                                                                                       via risk assessment and scenario analysis, which are
                                                                                       taken into account when considering the business
                                                                                       diversification and motor evolution pillars of the
                                                                                       Group strategy.
                                                                                       Climate risk is typically disaggregated into transition,
                                                                                       physical and liability risks. Transition risks arise from a
                                                                                       move towards a low carbon economy, while physical
                                                                                       risks arise from climatic changes. They are inversely
                                                                                       correlated: physical risks can be mitigated by an
                                                                                       aggressive shift to a low carbon economy, increasing
                                                                                       transition risk; aiming for a low level of transition risk
                                                                                       will increase physical risk. Liability risks come from
                                                                                       people or businesses seeking compensation for losses
                                                                                       they may have suffered from the physical or transition
                                                                                       risks outlined above.
                                                                                       While there is the possibility that climate change will
                                                                                       introduce new types of risk to the Group, not currently
                                                                                       captured within the risk universe, the working
                          In 2020 Admiral articulated its purpose as being             hypothesis is that it will primarily impact the Group’s
                          to “help more people look after their future.                existing PR&Us. The process undertaken to determine
                          Always striving for better, together.” As a result,          which risks and opportunities could have a material
                          consideration of the company’s impact on the                 financial impact on the Group is described in the “risk
                          environment and on people’s futures is integral to           management” pillar.
                          Admiral’s purpose and, therefore, Admiral has set
                          ambitious net zero targets.                                  Admiral has defined the following time horizons for
           Read more                                                                   climate-related risks and opportunities: short- (0–5
           about our      When considering the impacts from climate change,
           purpose-led                                                                 years); medium- (5–10 years); and long-term (10+
           approach on    Admiral recognises that there are two components             years). This is shown graphically in Figure 1. The short-
           pages 2 to 5   (double materiality): its impact on the environment,         term time horizon coincides with the business
                          most clearly quantified via greenhouse gas emissions,        planning horizon, and the medium- and long-term
                          but also via waste production and water usage;               time horizons coincide with the expected useful life
                          and the impact of a changing climate on the Group,           of buildings infrastructure (depending on the nature
                          on its revenues, costs, and via other non-financial risks,   of the infrastructure). While both transition risks and
                          quantified via scenario analysis. Admiral’s approach to      physical risks are beginning to crystalise, the worst




                          Figure 1 Time horizons for climate-related
                                                                                                             Long-term: 10+ years
                          risks and opportunities                                                            Beyond ten years it is
                                                                     Medium-term: 5–10 years                 possible that the Group will
                                                                                                             look considerably different
                                                                     Strategic investments are
                                                                                                             to the way in which it does
                             Short-term: 0–5 years                   being made now in order
                                                                                                             today, and will potentially
                                                                     that they provide a material
                             Detailed five year financial                                                    be operating within a much-
                                                                     contribution to Group
                             projections are produced                                                        changed environment. There is
                                                                     results in the medium-term.
                             as part of the business                                                         significant uncertainty over
                                                                     Results are inherently subject
                             planning process, using                                                         long-term projections.
                                                                     to more uncetainty, as
                             robust assumptions based
                                                                     customer demands, consumer
                             on current Group structure
                                                                     behaviour, and the external
                             and business mix.
                                                                     operating environment are
                                                                     all subject to change, not
                                                                     least from the impact from
                                                                     climate change.


                                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                           101




                                                                                                                                           Company Overview



effects from changing weather and climatic patterns          The potential impact is assessed qualitatively using      Read more about




                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                                                                                       our strategy
may materialise in the medium- and long-term if a            SME input and is cross-checked versus the scenario        on pages 28 to 37
smooth transition to a low carbon economy is not             outputs. At present, given the large uncertainty
achieved. Liability risks are highly uncertain, in scope     around the likelihood and severity of climate-related
and in outcome – the first cases are currently being         issues, they do not serve as a formal input into the
brought against oil, gas and energy companies –              financial planning process, and the impact on financial
therefore timing is less certain.                            performance and financial position is not formally
                                                             assessed. Work will be undertaken during 2023 to




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Climate-related efforts are aligned to three focus
                                                             consider how Admiral Group can better recognise
areas – operations and supply chain, investments,
                                                             the potential impacts in its financial planning and
and products and services – each of which are
                                                             accounting activities.
potentially exposed to the three components of
climate change risk. This is because climate-related         Admiral is a global financial services company,
risks may impact all of Admiral’s business lines,            operating in the UK, Italy, Spain, France, Gibraltar
operations, and investments, and may also impact             and the US, and has offices in Canada and India,
reinsurance arrangements. While there are risks from         which primarily offers personal insurance lines
delayed action, there are also opportunities from            and personal loans. The most material businesses,




                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
seriously considering the challenges, including the          currently, are the UK insurance businesses. In future,
potential to accelerate the Group’s transformation,          however, it is expected that the bottom-line
to build resilience, to drive innovation in core insurance   contribution from non-UK and non-insurance lines
products, and to gain competitive advantage in new           of business will become more material. The current
and existing markets. Being a “green” company could          priority is to focus on the potential impact of climate
help attract and retain talent.                              change on the UK insurance lines of business in the
                                                             short-term, due to materiality, as can be seen in the
To date, climate considerations have not impacted
                                                             approach to scenario analysis. As Admiral develops its
the Group’s approach to acquisitions and divestments




                                                                                                                                           Additional Information
                                                             knowledge and understanding, and builds capabilities
(other than that any potential M&A activity should
                                                             and expertise, more focus will be given to the
align with the Group’s overall strategy, which considers
                                                             potential impacts on non-UK and non-insurance lines
the impact from climate change) and have had no
                                                             of business in the medium- and long-term, including
impact on access to capital. Climate-related issues
                                                             the quantification of applicable risks.
have not impacted Admiral’s investment in R&D.
                                                             The current energy crisis has confirmed the
Three key climate-related risk drivers which may affect
                                                             appropriateness of Admiral’s net zero strategy,
Admiral are shown in Figure 2. They are a transition
                                                             in particular the need to reduce its operational energy
from petrol and diesel vehicles to electric vehicles,
                                                             use as far as possible and as quickly as practicable,
a secular reduction in private vehicle use, and an
                                                             and to diversify from fossil fuel sources before
increased incidence and severity of weather events.
                                                             permanent removal is considered for any residual
The impact by timeframe, assuming current action/
                                                             emissions. Admiral remains committed to using 100%
mitigation, of each key risk driver is shown against the
                                                             renewable electricity wherever it is available.
PR&Us expected to be primarily affected, where:
• A moderate/minor impact relates to a
  non-significant impact on revenue or profit                   Net zero
• A significant impact relates to a potential impact            Admiral follows the Oxford Principles for
  on revenue or profit which far exceeds normal                 Net Zero Aligned Carbon Offsetting (the
  month-to-month variance                                       “Oxford Principles”) definition of net zero,
• A major impact relates to a potential impact on               whereby net zero means substantially
  revenue or profit in excess of typical annual variance        reducing emissions and balancing any residual
• A critical/catastrophic impact relates to a potential         emissions with removals on an ongoing basis.
  impact on revenue or profit generally seen no more            The four principles are:
  than once in every twenty years, or which could               1. Cut emissions, use high quality offsets, and
  ultimately jeopardise business survivability                      regularly revise offsetting strategy as best
                                                                    practice evolves
                                                                2. Shift to carbon removal offsetting
                                                                3. Shift to long-lived storage
                                                                4. Support the development of net zero
                                                                    aligned offsetting



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
102   Strategic Report




      Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
      continued

      Figure 2 Key climate-related risk drivers which may impact Admiral Group

                                       PR&Us                                                                                   Short-      Medium-       Long-
         Climate-        TCFD          primarily                                                                                term        term         term
         related risk    category      affected        Description                                                            0–5 years   5–10 years   10+ years


                                                                                                                                 
         Transition      Transition:   Reserving risk •    Changing distribution of risk from new technologies
         from petrol     policy        in UK and            (e.g., will EVs be slower and safer, or silent, more dangerous,
         and diesel      and legal,    International       and prone to battery fires?)
         vehicles        technology,   insurance      •    Introduction of new types of risk which have not been
         to EVs          market,                           encountered before (e.g., petrol cars do not have battery fires)
                         reputation                    •   Reduction or elimination of some claims-types
                                                           (e.g., wrong fuel claims)
                                                       •   Unanticipated claims inflation from replacing ‘brown’
                                                           technology with ‘green’; old ‘brown’ technology may become
                                                           more expensive to repair


                                                                                                                                 
                                       Erosion of      •   A move away from petrol and diesel vehicles to alternative
                                       competitive         fuel vehicles, reducing competitive advantage from pricing
                                       advantage           expertise, stressing supply chain (including repairer network)
                                       in UK car           and increasing LR
                                       insurance       •   New entrants taking market share as petrol and diesel vehicles
                                                           are replaced by EVs
                                                       •   EV OEMs offering bundled products and services, changing
                                                           customer acquisition channel


                                                                                                                                 
         Secular         Transition:   Reserving      •    Changing distribution of risk from emerging technologies
         reduction       policy        risk in UK and      (e.g., will a greater proportion of more vulnerable road users,
         in private      and legal,    international       from e-scooters etc. lead to more BI and CSI claims?)
         vehicle use     technology,   insurance
                         market,

                                                                                                                                 
                                       Erosion of      • A move away from private vehicles to active and public
                         reputation
                                       competitive       transport or car sharing, thus reducing the overall size of
                                       advantage         Admiral’s primary market
                                       in UK car
                                       insurance


                                                                                                                                 
         Increased    Physical:        Reserving       • Change to incidence, extent, location, and clustering of both
         incidence    acute,           risk in UK and    chronic (high frequency) and acute (high impact) weather
         and severity chronic          international     and climate-related drivers of insurance claims, potentially
         of weather                    insurance         differing by geography (e.g., south-eastern US versus UK
         events                                          versus Europe), and affecting the UK household LOB, in
                                                         particular, due to materiality


                                                                                                                                 
                                       Premium         • Average annual losses from weather events will likely be
                                       risk and          higher under future scenarios with higher carbon emissions,
                                       catastrophe       in particular affecting the UK household LOB, due to materiality
                                       risk            • Increasing uncertainty about trends in past data and the degree
                                                         of confidence that can be placed in projections


                                                                                                                                 
                                       Reduced         • Increase in the cost and importance of reinsurance protection
                                       availability of • Increased concentration risk, putting pressure on reinsurance
                                       co-insurance/ • Reinsurance structures impacted if more events
                                       reinsurance       hit reinsurance layers
                                                       • Possible changes to terms and conditions


                                                                                                                                 
                                       Failure of      • Profitability and/or viability of household, motor, or new
                                       geographic        product underwriting may be compromised
                                       and/or
                                       product
                                       expansion


                                                                                                                                 
                                       Operational • Increased risk of office closures and/or damage
                                       risk            • Increased levels of health and safety risk during specific
                                                         weather events
                                                       • Increased data risk or reduced availability of core
                                                         systems (depending on the location of information-
                                                         related infrastructure)
                                                       • Suppliers may be exposed to similar risks


                                                                                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                   103




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Company Overview



Figure 3 Key climate-related opportunities for Admiral Group


                                                                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                                        Short-         Medium-           Long-
     Climate-related           TCFD                                                                                                                      term           term             term
     opportunity               category               Description                                                                                      0–5 years      5–10 years       10+ years


                                                                                                                                                            
     Customer                  Products and •            Increased revenue through demand for lower emissions products,
     switching from            services: ability         including the potential for new ancillary products and/or value added




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
     petrol and                to diversify              services (e.g., EV home charger cover)
     diesel vehicles           business          •       Increased competitive advantage from capitalising on early pricing
     to EVs and other          activities, shift         learnings, enhanced supply chain management (including repairer
     alternative fuels         in consumer               network), creating a LR advantage to competitors
                               preferences       •       Reduction or elimination of some claims-types (e.g., wrong fuel claims)


Impact:  Negligible/Minor  Moderate  Major  Transformative

Operations and supply chain                                                          around city centre heating proposals and geothermal




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
Admiral’s operations are exposed to physical and                                     technology in some major cities, though these are
transition risks. Climate change may increase                                        medium- to long-term in nature. Tactical opportunities
the frequency and severity of weather events,                                        for carbon footprint reduction have already been
as well as causing longer-term changes in weather                                    captured, including property downsizing to reflect
patterns, which could directly impact staff,                                         office attendance habits in a post-Covid business
offices, infrastructure, and the broader operations.                                 environment. Further detail on progress towards the
Admiral may also be exposed to increased capital and                                 ambition to be net zero across operational emissions
operating expenditures, due to legal or regulatory                                   by 2030 is given in the “metrics and targets” pillar.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas                                       Admiral’s supply chain partners will also, to a greater
emissions, or due to increasing climate-related                                      or lesser extent, be exposed to the same risks from
expectations from shareholders, customers, staff,                                    climate change as the Group is. During 2022 Admiral
or other stakeholders.                                                               has enhanced its due diligence question set to allow
Admiral has taken steps over a number of years                                       it to capture and assess what its supply chain is doing
to reduce its environmental impact, including                                        to support sustainability ambitions. The change to
initiatives related to energy, water, paper, and waste.                              the questionnaire allows Admiral to dynamically tailor
Consequently, the verified operational carbon                                        questions based on a supplier’s response, allowing
footprint40 is low, and is offset via the purchase                                   Admiral to risk assess the response. If a supplier’s
of Gold Standard carbon credits. In 2021, Admiral                                    response demonstrates no policies or procedures,
worked with an external party, Arup Group, to                                        Admiral issues an environmental assessment to the
baseline its property and facilities infrastructure                                  supplier to capture further information, and internal
in order to understand possible carbon footprint                                     contract owners are expected to develop remediation
improvements. The identified strategic initiatives                                   plans with the supplier, to work towards ahead of
are generally medium-term commitments, such as                                       receipt of the next annual due diligence questionnaire.
mechanical and electrical (M&E) changes to plant
and building management systems, which focus on
more considerate use of utilities, water, and waste,                                      Environmental impact of IT hardware
improving controls of the main M&E plant and                                              refresh programme
associated systems, and end-of-life replacement of                                        Admiral has undertaken a refresh programme of IT hardware
M&E plant and machinery where a significant carbon                                        and, as part of the refresh programme, appointed a supplier
reduction can be achieved. The accuracy of data                                           to securely dispose of existing assets with a focus on the
produced throughout the property portfolio has also                                       environmental impact of disposal.
been improved. It should be noted that Admiral’s
                                                                                          Almost 84 tonnes of equipment were processed, including
purpose-built Tŷ Admiral building complies with
                                                                                          over 16,000 desktop displays, and laptop computers. 7% of
BREEAM excellent standards and has photovoltaics/
                                                                                          the devices were recycled and 93% were reused, representing
solar panels fitted which provide energy directly
                                                                                          an estimated 5,000 tCO2e in avoided emissions and over 10m
back into the grid, one example of a climate change
                                                                                          litres of water use avoided.
mitigation activity. There are also opportunities based

40 For 2020 and 2021 verification was performed by Carbon Intelligence, across scope 1 (emissions arising from the combustion of natural gas), scope 2 (emissions arising from
   purchased electricity), and scope 3 (emissions arising from waste generated in operations, business travel, and water supply and treatment) to a standard limited assurance.
   For this level of assurance, Carbon Intelligence provides a limited assurance statement asserting that there is no evidence that an emissions report is not materially correct (a
   materiality threshold of 5% at the gross organisational level has been applied for this exercise). The verification assessment was undertaken against World Resources Institute/
   World Business Council for Sustainable Development Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition (for scope 1 and 2) and against
   World Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) (for scope 3)

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
104   Strategic Report




      Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
      continued

      The introduction of supply chain risk controls in          To mitigate these risks, ESG considerations have been
      Admiral’s contract management system has allowed           embedded into the investment approach, and Admiral
      it to better assess the procurement category of            is following the Institutional Investors Group on
      environmental risk. The embedding of supply chain          Climate Change (IIGCC) Net Zero Framework to help
      risk controls is ongoing, but it allows for increased      guide the decarbonisation of the portfolio. Admiral is
      visibility at the early stages of sourcing and ongoing     also increasing its investment in climate solutions,
      discussion with the supply chain.                          with investments in green bonds and renewable
                                                                 energy infrastructure, and has targets to grow the
      Investments                                                number of counterparties which have a credible plan            Read more
                                                                                                                                about seeding,
      Climate change may impact the Group’s investment           to align emissions with a 2°C pathway, for example via         launching, and
      portfolio via a number of mechanisms. Some of              Science-Based Targets. Admiral Group’s four largest            scaling new
                                                                                                                                businesses at
      Admiral’s investments will be exposed to physical risks,   bond mandates, which account for approximately                 Admiral Pioneer
      as changing climatic conditions impact businesses,         37% of all investments, have requirements for fund             on page 36
      disrupt supply chains, and cause assets to lose value      managers to reduce the average carbon intensity
      prematurely. Other investments will be exposed to          of the portfolio by 25% by 2025, versus a year-end
      transition risks, as the move to a low carbon future       2020 baseline, in line with the Group’s overall net zero
      causes products, services, and entire business models      target. This covers nearly all the assets which require
      to become less attractive or, indeed, obsolete.            net zero targets under the Science-Based Targets
      Some investments may also be exposed to liability          initiative and the Net Zero Framework from the IIGCC,          Read more about
      risks. Effects may be company-specific, sector-                                                                           our environment
                                                                 the balance largely being invested in cash, money              on pages 13, 38
      specific, or may have an impact on the broader             market funds, and government bonds. In addition,               and 91 to 94
      economy and macro environment, for example via             the mandates exclude coal and tar sands (based on a
      reduced economic growth, higher unemployment,              10% revenue threshold) and ensure that all energy and
      or changes in inflation. The main consideration is         mining sectors are either Paris-aligned or are subject
      whether these risks expose Admiral to default or           to engagement or stewardship activities. By 2025 the
      spread widening over the holding horizon, which on         portfolios also aim to have 5% green bonds, 35% of
      average is approximately three years. While climate        the portfolio with Paris-aligned commitments, and a
      change poses a risk to the Group’s investments,            temperature score under 3.5°C.
      the transition to a low carbon economy should also
      present investment opportunities – Admiral has
      already invested in renewable energy infrastructure,
      green bonds, and other corporate bonds with credible
      transition plans.




         Carbon removal offsetting
         According to the Oxford Principles “most offsets available
         today are emission reductions, which are necessary but not
         sufficient to achieve net zero in the long run. Carbon removals
         scrub carbon directly from the atmosphere.” However,
         consideration must still be given to how carbon is stored,
         and for how long.
         Over several years Admiral has pursued steps to reduce
         its operational emissions, for example through efficiency
         improvements, by purchasing electricity in the UK from
         100% renewable sources (since 2015), and by installing solar
         panels on the Cardiff office. Since 2019 Admiral has offset
         its remaining operational emissions (scope 1, 2 and partial
         scope 3) via the purchase of Gold Standard carbon offsets.
         Admiral does not consider these purchases to be “emissions
         reductions”, rather, following the Oxford Principles, they are
         considered “offsets”. In addition, Admiral supports high-quality
         forestation projects which provide carbon sequestration, in
         Wales and abroad, via charities Stump Up for Trees and Size
         of Wales.


                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                         105




                                                                                                                                         Company Overview




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
                       Scenario testing                                          The NGFS “hot house world – current policies”
                       While qualitative assessments of the impact from          scenario assumes that no action is taken on climate
                       climate change are useful, it is also important to        change so that global temperature levels continue
                       quantify the impact where possible. Stress and            to increase, reaching in excess of 3°C above pre-
                       scenario testing is conducted as part of the annual       industrial levels by 2050. This scenario has been
                       ORSA process to understand the robustness of the          interpreted as resulting in increased incidents




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                       Group’s business model and strategy to the impact         of extreme weather events, impacting the UK
                       of various risks. In addition to the standard ORSA        household, car, and van books. Specifically, it has
                       scenarios, two climate change scenarios were              been assumed that a UK catastrophe inland flood
                       performed this year, scenarios from the Network           event occurs each year. For both scenarios it is
                       for Greening the Financial System (NGFS)41 and            assumed that excess of loss reinsurance recoveries
                       EIOPA’s 2022 climate change scenario. This builds         would operate.
                       on Admiral’s first exploratory exercise in modelling      The scenarios performed highlight the developing
                       climate change scenarios in the 2021 ORSA,                nature of climate scenario modelling, and give
                       which was based on the BoE’s Climate Biennial             comfort that the Group’s business model and




                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
                       Exploratory Scenario (CBES).                              strategy should remain resilient to potential
                       The two scenarios examined are “disorderly –              climate-related impacts. The conclusions of
                       delayed transition” and “hot house world – current        scenario analysis are that climate change presents
                       policies”. Note that these externally designed            a strategic risk to Admiral over the long-term and
                       scenarios are examined using their relevant and           may require management and mitigation in the
                       applicable components for calibration based               short- and medium-term. The risks presented
                       on Admiral’s exposure. Their calibration has              by a transition to a low-carbon economy are
                       been modified and adapted based on Admiral’s              potentially significant in the short-term, assuming




                                                                                                                                         Additional Information
                       materiality, to understand the associated                 no mitigating activities. However, Admiral’s
                       implications on assets and on liabilities from            strategy focuses on initiatives which should
                       transition risk (car book) and physical risk (primarily   mitigate this risk, and therefore is it considered
                       household book). As with the other ORSA stress            that Admiral’s activities are aligned to a well-
                       and scenario tests, the period modelled is 2022-          below 2°C world. In such as transition scenario,
                       2024 – the current focus is on short-term impact,         the strategic focus will be to accelerate the motor
                       as inherent uncertainty as well as developing             evolution and business diversification pillars of
                       approaches to assessment mean there is less               the Group’s strategy. Physical risks may have
                       confidence in medium-term and long-term                   the greatest potential impact on the Group’s
                       impacts. As modelling capabilities are further            household insurance business in the long-term
                       developed, there will be increasing focus on              – in such a hot house world the focus will be on
                       medium- and long-term assessments.                        ensuring robustness of the core business via pricing
                                                                                 discipline and appropriate reserving.
                       The NGFS “disorderly – delayed transition”
                       scenario assumes that the implementation of               The scenario modelling results are highly reliant
                       policies needed to drive the transition to net zero       on a range of assumptions, some of which
                       is delayed until 2030, and is then more sudden            are considered very unlikely to materialise.
                       and disorderly, resulting in material short-term          Management and mitigating actions (e.g., annual
                       macroeconomic disruption. Under this scenario,            repricing of insurance policies, greater or different
                       global warming is limited to an increase of 1.8°C by      use of reinsurance, changes to asset allocation in
                       2050. This scenario has been applied to Admiral by        the investment portfolio) are also not considered.
                       exploring the transition risks from climate change        The output of this scenario analysis has been used
                       relating to the transition of the UK motor book           in discussions about future strategic direction,
                       from petrol/diesel vehicles to EVs, affecting the         including the relative attractiveness of different
                       profitability of the business. The key assumptions        products and markets.
                       underlying this scenario are mispricing of EV risks
                       by 15% and some additional fire and large losses
                       related to EVs.




41 NGFS Scenarios Portal, Data & Resources, NGFS

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
106   Strategic Report




      Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
      continued

                               Products and services                                      Aligned to the third pillar of the Group’s strategy,
                               The effects of climate change will be felt across          “evolution of motor”, Admiral has a strong electric
                               all lines of business, by all products and services,       vehicle offering, which will help counteract the
                               and will play a part in deciding what future business      expected long-term decline in the number of petrol
                               opportunities to pursue. The effects will require          and diesel vehicles on the road. The offering, which is
                               a response across the value chain, from pricing to         continuously being developed and expanded,
                               underwriting, and from claims management to                is discussed further on page 94. In order to realise the
                               product design.                                            opportunities of the Group’s second strategic pillar –
                                                                                          “diversification” – Admiral launched Pioneer to explore
                               The most obvious impact from climate change will           and invest in new ventures and emerging consumer
                               be the physical risk to the household lines of business.   needs. This will help counteract any long-term move
                               Climate change is causing sea levels to rise and is        away from private vehicle ownership, including
                               also causing more frequent and heavier rainfall,           private electric vehicles, to more integrated transport
                               increasing the risk of flooding. Changes in weather        solutions. Pioneer is discussed further on page 36.
           Read more about
                               patterns may also increase the incidence and severity      Taken together, these areas of work will help support
           Electric Vehicle    of storm and freeze events, as well as hailstorms and      Admiral in the transition to a low-carbon economy.
           trends on page 94   subsidence. Together these indicate that an increase
                               in the volume and value of household claims is likely.
                               Physical risks may also cause operational issues: in
                               February three storms – Dudley, Eunice, and Franklin –
                               hit the UK in quick succession, causing a large increase
                               in the number of new claims, however a surge plan             Risk management
                               was executed which saw the wider business help with
                               FNOL communications which allowed household
                               staff to focus on vulnerable customers.
                               Since launching the UK household business in 2012,
                               Admiral has sought to control its exposure to flood
                               risk by developing an understanding of the risk at a
                               granular geographical level, which has been coupled
                               with a conservative appetite for underwriting such
                               risk. By participating in the Flood Re scheme Admiral
                               can underwrite properties which are outside of its
                               acceptable flood criteria by ceding the flood risk to
                               Flood Re, while still offering customers protection
                               via underwriting all other perils. Risk modelling is
                               continually updated and improved, while perils-
                               based pricing allows for interrogation of specific
                               concentrations of risks.
                               Physical risks may also impact the motor insurance
                               books, for example via increasing frequency of hail
                               events, or via increasing severity of US hurricane
                                                                                          Emerging Risks are identified, assessed, and managed
                               seasons affecting the US business.
                                                                                          via an internally developed framework, fully integrated
                               Admiral is also exposed to transition risk, most clearly   into the ERMF, which evaluates the potential impact
                               via the motor insurance books. Any move to reduce          to Admiral via existing PR&Us or via new risks.
                               aggregate greenhouse gas emissions could see a             This methodology has been extended, utilising
                               concerted move away from traditional models of             external support, to individually assess the potential
                               transport reliant on private petrol and diesel vehicles,   impact of climate-related risk drivers – transition,
                               to a model of integrated and active transport,             physical and liability risks – across three distinct
                               reliant on electric and alternatively fuelled vehicles,    timeframes (0–5 years, 5–10 years, and 10+ years).
                               both privately owned and shared, and public transport.
                               Indeed, sales of new petrol and diesel vehicles will
                               be banned in the UK from 2030. The loans business
                               may also be affected in the longer-term as reducing
                               demand for petrol and diesel vehicles may see residual
                               values fall, a risk factor to which Admiral is exposed
                               via PCP loans. There might, however, be an offsetting
                               increase in demand for loans to fund EV purchases or
                               to fund “green” home improvements.

                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                               107




                                                                                                                                               Company Overview



                         Identification                                             Management and mitigation


                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                         There is no one definitive source for climate change       Admiral uses industry-standard flood and catastrophe
                         risks: different geographical regions, different           models to understand its underlying risk and hence
                         industries, and different companies will have differing    what amount of risk is accepted, what amount of risk
                         expectations of the impacts that they will face in         is mitigated, and the reinsurance protection deemed
                         the future. Therefore, Admiral Group’s identification      appropriate for risk transfer. Admiral’s approach
                         of the way that climate change risks may impact            to pricing is the key tool for managing/mitigating




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                         the business, and any resulting opportunities,             climate-related risks but, given its commercial
                         follows a multi-stage process which attempts to            sensitivity, the approach is not disclosed.
                         incorporate internal viewpoints and forecasts (e.g.,
     Read more about                                                                As the assessment methodology is based on the
     Principal Risks     from departmental expertise, insight from working
                                                                                    existing Emerging Risk assessment methodology,
     And Uncertainties   groups, committees, and boards) with those from
     on pages 114                                                                   integration into the ERMF is straightforward.
                         external sources, both insurance-specific and
     to 121                                                                         Therefore, climate change risks and opportunities
                         more broadly.
                                                                                    are reported to the GRC via the CRR, and annually as
                         The assessment is performed at the level of transition,    part of the Group’s ORSA Report submission. They are




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                         physical and liability risks, however microeconomic        also reported on to the Group Board, management
                         and macroeconomic transmissions channels – the             committees, and to subsidiary Boards and committees.
                         causal chains linking climate risk drivers to the          This monitoring and reporting ensures that the
                         operational and financial risks faced (as per the          highest level of company management is aware of the
                         Bank for International Settlements) – specifically         risks and opportunities, can account for them in future
                         applicable to each business line are also considered.      business planning and strategy setting, and can devise
                         This allows the potential impact from climate              management actions to mitigate their effects or to
                         change on all current and potential future lines of        capture any resulting opportunities.
                         business, on operations and investments, as well as
                                                                                    As described in above, the key risks faced by Admiral




                                                                                                                                               Additional Information
                         opportunities, to be identified. Existing and emerging
                                                                                    are not currently assessed to be severe or critical/
                         regulatory requirements related to climate change
                                                                                    catastrophic. The primary approaches for risk
                         are considered.
                                                                                    mitigation are: execution of strategy for mitigation
                         Assessment approach                                        of transition risks; and disciplined pricing, assessment
                         Given the highly uncertain nature of climate change        of impact by peril, and regular assessment of the
     Read more about     risks – the transmission mechanism of the risks,           reserving approach as mitigation for physical risks.
     Emerging Risks
                         the magnitude of their impact, the certainty of their      Extensive use of co-insurance and reinsurance is the
     on page 121                                                                    primary approach for transfer of physical risks.
                         impact, the effect of their impact, and the timing of
                         that impact – they do not sit naturally in standard risk   The Regulatory Compliance team, part of Group
                         measurement and management processes. Instead,             Compliance, monitors and reviews publications
                         a hybrid approach, which comprises both qualitative        and pronouncements from various regulators,
                         and quantitative approaches, must be utilised.             supervisors, and transnational bodies, including but
                         Climate change risks, and any resulting opportunities,     not limited to the FCA, the PRA, the Bank of England,
                         are initially evaluated qualitatively. A risk matrix       and EIOPA. Summaries are distributed to relevant
                         approach is employed, whereby the potential impact         stakeholders as and when material is published, a
                         of the risk (scored between minor and catastrophic)        monthly round-up is distributed more broadly across
                         is considered alongside the likelihood of impact           the Group, and a representative from the Regulatory
                         (scored between rare and almost certain) in the            Compliance team is a member of the Climate
                         short-, medium- and long-term. Where appropriate           Steering Group.
                         a quantitative approach to analysis and evaluation is
                         also taken, informed by the qualitative assessment:
                         several scenarios were included as part of the
                         stress and scenario testing section of the Group’s
                         ORSA submission.
                         Key risks and opportunities are discussed above in the
                         “strategy” pillar.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
108   Strategic Report




      Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
      continued

                                                                                                                     to physical risks is not considered to be material or
         Metrics and targets                                                                                         relevant, given that most of Admiral’s business is based
                                                                                                                     on short-term (typically annual) agreements, and does
                                                                                                                     not tie in exposure to the medium- or long-term
                                                                                                                     effects of climate change.
                                                                                                                     Note that verification of Admiral’s scope 3 emissions
                                                                                                                     is near finalised, and then work will begin to set
                                                                                                                     Science-Based Targets, which will complement the
                                                                                                                     Group’s overall net zero ambitions, for example by
                                                                                                                     providing short-term GHG emissions reductions
                                                                                                                     targets. It is intended to submit Science-Based Targets
                                                                                                                     for verification in 2023. Climate-related metrics have
                                                                                                                     not yet been integrated into remuneration policy,
                                                                                                                     however work to address this is being considered
                                                                                                                     and is linked to the setting of Science-Based Targets.
                                                                                                                     Admiral does not make use of an internal carbon price.
                                                                                                                     Operations
                                                                                                                     Admiral recognises that its operations are
                                                                                                                     contributing to climate change, and the Group
                                                                                                                     take its responsibility for reducing this impact
                               Good progress has been made in 2022 regarding
                                                                                                                     seriously. Therefore, as discussed above, Admiral has
                               the collection, verification, and reporting of data,
                                                                                                                     pursued steps to reduce its operational emissions
                               for example by focusing on own collection of data
                                                                                                                     and, since the baseline year of 2019, has offset its
                               rather than relying on landlords, automating data
                                                                                                                     remaining scope 1, 2 and partial scope 3 emissions42.
                               collection where possible, and working closely with
                                                                                                                     However, Admiral also recognises that offsetting
                               fund managers.
                                                                                                                     emissions is not enough, and therefore is working
                               Metrics relevant to operations, investments, and                                      hard to reduce the absolute level of its operational
                               products and services are discussed and/or disclosed                                  emissions: in 2021 the Group’s scope 1, 2 and partial
           Read more           in the following sections, however numerical values                                   scope 3 emissions, as verified by Carbon Intelligence,
           about Our Society   which may be considered commercially sensitive                                        were 2,434 tCO2e, an improvement of 30% versus
           – Environment       are not included. Metrics for tracking opportunities                                  2020 and 47% versus 201943. Scope 1 and 2 emissions
           on page 91
                               are largely the same as metrics for tracking risks as,                                have reduced due to building closures and considerate
                               for example, the risks and opportunities from a move                                  building use
                               to EVs come from the success or failure in capturing                                  (e.g., reduction in utilities use), though scope 1
                               profitable business in this developing market.                                        emissions increased in 2021 as compared to 2020 due
                               Other cross-industry climate-related metrics which                                    to increased gas usage, due to colder weather, and two
                               are not disclosed are not considered to be material                                   refrigerant leaks, related to air conditioning systems.
                               and/or relevant. For example, the amount and extent                                   Scope 3 emissions reductions are largely related to a
                               of business activities vulnerable to transition risks or                              decrease in business travel.


                               Table 1 Verified45 Group greenhouse gas emissions (ton CO2e)
                               Scope                                                                                                             2021                   2020                    2019
                               Scope 1                                                                                                        1,149                  1,121                  1,364
                               Scope 2 (market-based)                                                                                         1,189                  1,798                 1,26244
                               Scope 3 (partial)                                                                                                 96                    535                  1,945
                               Total                                                                                                          2,434                  3,454                  4,572
                               YoY reduction (scope 1 and 2)                                                                                  –20%                   +11%
                               YoY reduction (scope 1, 2 and partial scope 3)                                                                 –30%                   –24%
                               42 As per Greenhouse Gas Protocol definitions, scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources (natural gas, fugitives, company
                                  cars), scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy. Limited scope 3 emissions cover business travel, water, waste,
                                  and distribution losses for purchased electricity. Verification for this limited scope was decided upon as these are the emissions more directly in Admiral’s control
                               43 Note that 2019 carbon footprint was verified by Carbon Trust.
                               44 Note that scope 2 emissions increased in 2020 (versus 2019) due to more accurate data capture from non-UK entities. 2019 relied more heavily on estimation
                                  for non-UK entities
                               45 2021 and 2020 data has been verified by Carbon Intelligence; 2019 data has been verified by Carbon Trust




                                                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                109




                                                                                                                                                                                Company Overview



GHG emissions are quantified in alignment with the                               Investments


                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
World Resources Institute’s Greenhouse Gas Protocol                              As a financial services company, the majority of
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard and                                  Admiral’s emissions are likely to be category 15
are discussed further in the SECR section of the                                 emissions (part of scope 3) from the investment
annual report on page 95. Unverified emissions data,                             portfolio. Therefore, when the Group set its ambitious
including for 2022, as well as a description of the                              net zero targets, it was imperative to include these
methodology used to estimate metrics if data is                                  emissions in the emissions reduction targets.
missing, is also included.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                 Admiral has therefore committed to achieving a                                Read more
                                                                                 reduction in investment-related greenhouse gas                                about SECR
Admiral is a financial services company, and therefore it                                                                                                      disclosure
has a low operational footprint when compared to its                             emissions of 25% by 2025, and of 50% by 2030,                                 on pages 95–96
complete carbon footprint, including the supply chain                            reaching net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2040
and investment portfolio. This is even more likely to be                         at the latest – aligned to the overall target.
the case given the efforts made over the past decade                             To ensure that these targets are met, Admiral has
to improve the efficiency of its buildings and to reduce                         developed an investment proposal to align its
its energy consumption. This is why, in order to make                            corporate bond mandates to the Paris Agreement,
a meaningful difference in the global effort to tackle




                                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                                                 following the Net Zero Investment Framework,
climate change, it is important to include all emissions                         which is a practical blueprint for achieving net zero
in the Group’s net zero ambitions, including all scope                           emissions by 2050, and which has been endorsed by
3 emissions.                                                                     the UN’s Race to Zero campaign. The proposal has
Admiral Group has formally committed to ambitious                                several features including reducing emissions through
net zero targets, committing to achieving net zero                               time and increasing investment in climate solutions.
greenhouse gas emissions by 2040 at the latest,                                  There will not be blanket divestment rules, but instead
across all three scopes of emissions, and to cut these                           Admiral’s investment managers are expected to be
emissions in half by 2030. A commitment was also                                 engaging with companies which could, as last resort,




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
made to achieving net zero in operational emissions                              possibly lead to divestment and reinvestment in less
by 2030.                                                                         carbon-intensive names through time.

There is a high level of alignment between Admiral                               Several challenges should be noted: sourcing
Group’s announced targets and the ABI’s climate                                  reliable and consistent data; avoiding unintentional
change roadmap, published in July 2021: intermediate                             consequences such as high concentration in certain
targets of a 50% reduction in emissions by 2030                                  sectors or investments; and reliably determining
are aligned, both cover all scopes of emissions,                                 the expected risk and return impact of such a
however Admiral is targeting net zero by 2040,                                   strategy. However, in order to guide and review
ten years ahead of the ABI’s roadmap.                                            progress towards overall targets, a number of metrics
                                                                                 are tracked, some of which are shown in Table 2.
Further operational metrics are discussed in the                                 Investment metrics are calculated by identifying
Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting disclosure,                              in-scope non-cash assets and applying MSCI ESG
found on pages 95 to 96.                                                         data on a per security basis. Various metrics are
                                                                                 subsequently calculated at a whole portfolio level.




Table 2 Climate-related investment metrics
Metric                                                                                                                2022                              2021
Weighted average carbon intensity                                                              69 tCO2e/$m sales46               71 tCO2e/$m sales47
Investment in holdings with confirmed SBTs                                                                £485m                             £422m
% Allocated to coal and oil sands                                                                             0%                                0%
Investment in Green bonds                                                                                 £100m                              £74m
46	55% portfolio coverage. 61 tCO2e/$m sales for benchmark. Note that portfolio coverage has dropped as compared to 2021 (see footnote 47) due to an
    increasing allocation to non-covered assets such as government bonds and private debt
47 67% portfolio coverage. 83 tCO2e/$m sales for benchmark




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
110   Strategic Report




      Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
      continued

                            Products and services                                          Transition risks
                            As discussed above, the effects of climate                     The move away from petrol and diesel vehicles is
                            change may impact all of Admiral’s business lines.             the most obvious transition risk faced by the Group,
                            Physical risks, which may be managed via risk selection        and is one which presents a strategic challenge to
                            and reinsurance protection, might be more prominent            us. Considerable efforts have been made to mitigate
                            in Admiral’s household businesses. Transition risks may        the risk of a transition to electric vehicles (EVs) and
                            be felt more keenly in the motor businesses, though the        alternatively fuelled vehicles (AFVs), both via new
                            “diversification” pillar of the Group’s strategy is designed   and existing businesses, which have invested in
                            to mitigate this impact, in particular the creation of         developing and testing new products and product
                            Pioneer in 2020 to focus on new business opportunities.        features to meet developing customer requirements.
                            Physical risks                                                 The transition to a low carbon economy may see an
                            Admiral is exposed to both acute and chronic physical          erosion of Admiral’s traditional competitive advantages
           Read more        risks, however in the short- to medium-term the most           in pricing and claims handling, as petrol and diesel
           about Electric   impactful risk is likely to be increasingly severe and         cars are replaced with EVs and AFVs. Conversely,
           Vehicle trends
                            frequent windstorms, floods, and freeze events.                this transition could present an opportunity for Admiral
           on page 94
                                                                                           to build competitive advantages in these areas.
                            To mitigate and manage these risks Admiral takes a             Admiral monitors market-wide metrics, which are
                            flexible and proactive approach to risk selection and          reported on monthly in management packs and
                            pricing, ensuring that written business is within risk         discussed at relevant fora, such as the proportion of
                            appetite, and that projected loss ratios and combined          new vehicle registrations which are EVs or AFVs, as
                            ratios lead to profitability over the cycle.                   well as internal metrics capturing the attractiveness
                            As a UK insurer, Admiral takes part in the Flood Re            and competitiveness of the EV proposition, the claims
                            scheme, which is designed to allow insurers to offer           experience, and the customer experience more broadly
                            more affordable insurance for homes built before               (e.g., Times Top, market share, loss ratio – all of which
                            2009 in areas most at risk of flooding. The volume             would be considered commercially sensitive). This is
                            and value of policies ceded to Flood Re is monitored           done to ensure that the Group is developing adequate
                            on an ongoing basis.                                           capabilities in these new technologies.

                            Admiral also utilises quota share reinsurance                  Admiral’s purpose is to “help more people look after
                            arrangements extensively, including both catastrophe           their future. Always striving for better, together.”
                            and aggregate cover for household lines. These are in          By developing products and services which not only
                            place to provide protection against an accumulation            help mitigate the worst effects of climate change,
                            of claims associated with a weather catastrophe event.         but also help support a transition to a low carbon
                                                                                           future, Admiral is doing just that.
                            Admiral tracks a number of climate-related metrics,
                            such as modelled burn cost per peril and number
                            and value of weather-event-related claims, in order
                            to assess its exposure to climate-related risks
                            however, in the main, these would be considered to
                            be commercially sensitive. Admiral is able to disclose
                            the metrics shown in Table 3, as per the Sustainability
                            Accounting Standards Board standard.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                       111




                                                                                                                                       Company Overview




                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
   Table 3 Physical risk metrics
   Description                                Metric
   Probable Maximum Loss (PML)                • Admiral utilises various methods and evaluations to make
   of insured products from weather             underwriting and reinsurance decisions that manage the
   related natural catastrophes                 Group’s exposure to catastrophic events. Across the Group’s
                                                insurance book, the main weather-related risks exist in




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                                relation to Admiral’s UK Household book, as well as the US         Read more
                                                Motor book                                                         about Our Society
                                                                                                                   – Environment
                                              • Admiral’s Household excess of loss reinsurance provides            on page 91
                                                catastrophe cover with a limit that is considerably higher
                                                than the estimated 1-in-200 loss. As of January 2023,
                                                this was estimated to be £470–510 million from floods and
                                                storms for the UK Household Insurance business. Admiral’s
                                                excess of loss deductible is £50 million, and the 70% quota
                                                share leads to a net event loss of £15 million




                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
                                              • In relation to Admiral’s UK Car Insurance business, the
                                                1-in-200 estimated possible loss as of December 2022 was
                                                £90–115 million. Admiral currently has £80 million of cover
                                                from the motor excess of loss reinsurance and a further
                                                £5 million from the property excess of loss reinsurance.
                                                Therefore, after the £12 million deductible, Admiral is
                                                covered up to a £97 million single event
                                              • In relation to the US Motor Insurance business, the




                                                                                                                                       Additional Information
                                                 1-in-200 estimated possible loss as of August 2022 was
                                                 $17–20 million. The US business has $21.5 million of cover
                                                 from the Motor excess of loss reinsurance. Therefore,
                                                 after the $3.5 million deductible, the US business is covered
                                                 up to a $25 million single event
   Total amount of monetary                   Admiral Group does not separately identify losses by modelled
   losses attributable to insurance           and non-modelled catastrophes. However, the table below
   pay-outs from (1) modelled natural         provides some details on the weather-related losses following
   catastrophes and (2) non-modelled          natural catastrophes in relation to the UK Household book,
   natural catastrophes, by type of           which represents the main weather-related risk from across
   event and geographic segment               the Group’s operations. The table covers property catastrophe
   (net and gross of reinsurance)             losses above £5.0m across 2018–2022.
                                              Period Perils                            Paid (£m)   Incurred (£m)
                                              2018     Freeze, flood, and storm           10.4           10.4
                                              2019     Flood and storm                       0              0
                                              2020     Flood and storm                       0              0
                                              2021     Flood and storm                     5.3        5.0–6.0
                                              2022     Freeze, flood, and storm            8.0      20.0–30.0




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
112   Strategic Report




      Section 172 Statement


      The Board of Directors confirms that during the year under             In preparation for the review, discussions were held with the
      review, it has acted to promote the long- term success of the          internal relationship owners within Admiral Group, on our key
      Company for the benefit of shareholders, whilst having due             information feeds, existing engagement methods, feedback
      regard to the matters set out in section 172(1)(a) to (f) of the       processes and the activities and plans for the year.
      Companies Act 2006, being:
                                                                             A Board agenda planner set out the matters to be considered by
      (a)	the likely consequences of any decision in the long-term          the Board during the year, and this was subsequently reviewed
      (b) the interests of the Company’s employees                           and updated at each Board meeting in 2022.
      (c)	the need to foster the Company’s business relationships with      Board papers during the year were accompanied by a separate
           suppliers, customers, and others                                  document outlining which stakeholders could be affected
      (d)	the impact of the Company’s operations on the community           or impacted by the paper, along with an explanation of how
           and the environment                                               stakeholder interests had been considered prior to the raising
                                                                             of the matter at the Board meeting. The accompanying papers
      (e)	the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation
                                                                             also shared the likely consequence of any Board decision on each
           for high standards of business conduct.
                                                                             stakeholder group identified, and how the impact on stakeholders
      (f)	the need to act fairly between members of the Company             could be monitored.
      During 2022, the Board reviewed and reaffirmed that of the
                                                                             Examples of how stakeholder engagement and section 172(1)
      six stakeholder groups, (customers, people, suppliers and
                                                                             matters have influenced Board discussion and decision making
      partners, shareholders, community, and the environment),
                                                                             during the year can be found in the principal/ non-routine/
      each continued to be strategically important to the long-term
                                                                             significant decisions in 2022 on pages 148 to 152.
      success of the Group’s operations, the stakeholders maintain
      unchanged from the group wide stakeholder materiality                  The below table sets out where key disclosures in respect of each
      exercise as detailed in the 2021 Annual Report. As part of             of the section 172(1) matters can be found:
      the 2022 review, the Board considered the current approach
      to corporate governance and engagement in relation to
      the interests of each of its stakeholders.

         S.172 factor                                  Relevant disclosure                                           Page
         Consequences of decisions                     Principal decisions                                           148 to 152
         in the long term                              Board appointments                                            130 to 135
                                                       Board activity during the year                                138 – 139
                                                       Different stakeholder sections                                68 – 94
         In the interests of employees                 Principal decisions                                           148 to 152
                                                       Employee stakeholder section including employment             77 to 81
                                                       engagement, communication
                                                       Employee Consultation Group                                   145 – 147
                                                       Non-Financial Information Statement                           113
                                                       Diversity                                                     78 – 80
                                                       Hybrid Working                                                28, 78, 93, 129 and 142
         The need to foster business relationships     Principal decisions                                           148 to 153
         with suppliers, customers, and others         Stakeholder sections                                          68 – 94
                                                       Consumer Duty                                                 75, 75, 119
         The impact of the Company’s operations        Principal decisions                                           148 to 153
         on the community and environment              Stakeholder sections                                          68 to 94
                                                       TCFD disclosures                                              97 to 111
                                                       Sustainability                                                38 – 39
         Maintaining a reputation for high             Principal decisions                                           148 to 152
         standards of business conduct                 Awards                                                        79
                                                       Stakeholder sections                                          68 to 94
                                                       Culture                                                       10, 70, 77 – 81
                                                       Group Minimum Standards                                       178
                                                       Diversity & inclusion                                         78, 80, 159 – 160
                                                       Health and Wellness                                           81
                                                       Conduct risk                                                  120
                                                       Whistleblowing                                                144
                                                       Chief Executive statement                                     20 – 23
         Fairness between members                      Principal decisions                                           148 to 152



                                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                         113




Non-Financial Information Statement
                                                                                                                                         Company Overview




                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
     Group policies
     The below policies can be located here on our website www.admiralgroup.co.uk
     General          Our General Standards of Conduct outline the conduct standards that all colleagues must adhere to regardless
     Standards        of their role.
     of Conduct
     Health          Our Health and Safety Policy outlines our commitment to ensuring the health and safety of staff and anyone




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
     and Safety      affected by our business activities, and our commitment to providing a safe environment for those attending
                     our premises.
     Diversity and   Our Equality, Diversity and Dignity at Work Policy outlines that Admiral is committed to ensuring that any type
     Dignity at Work of discrimination is not accepted. This policy outlines the standards of behaviour that are expected from all
                     members of employees, to ensure that everyone at Admiral is treated with dignity and respect. This policy
                     explains that all managers should be alert to potential discrimination and harassment and actively prevent them
                     from occurring, communicate this policy to all employees, and be responsive and supportive to anyone who
                     makes a complaint.




                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
     Procurement     Our Group Procurement and Outsourcing Policy confirms that all employees who engage in procurement
     and             activity are expected to enhance and protect the standing of the business, maintain the highest standard of
     Outsourcing     integrity in all business relationships, promote the eradication of unethical business practices, and ensure full
                     compliance with laws and regulations.
     Anti-Bribery    Our Anti-Bribery Policy strictly prohibits the solicitation or acceptance of any bribe, to or from any person or
                     company, by an individual employee, Board member, agent or other person or body on Admiral’s behalf, in order
                     to gain any commercial, contractual, or regulatory advantage for Admiral in an unethical way or to gain any
                     personal advantage for the individual or anyone connected with the individual.




                                                                                                                                         Additional Information
     Gifts and       Our Gifts and Gratuities Policy recognises that sometimes customers, suppliers or business associates offer
     Gratuities      gifts or gratuities to staff and confirms that all such gifts must be made and received openly and fairly.
     Whistleblowing Our Whistleblowing Policy encourages and enables employees to raise any concerns they have about serious
                     malpractice or wrongdoing. The policy is designed to ensure that an employee can raise their concerns without
                     fear of victimisation, subsequent discrimination, disadvantage, or dismissal. This policy details internal and
                     external reporting lines for any employee concerns.
     Financial       Our Financial Crime Policy ensures that robust systems and controls are in place to detect, prevent and deter
     Crime           financial crime across the Group and ensures we remain compliant with applicable laws and regulations in our
                     operational jurisdictions. All areas of financial crime are captured by this policy, including money laundering,
                     market abuse & insider trading, sanctions regime, modern slavery, tax evasion and Bribery & Corruption.
     Modern          Our Anti-Slavery, Exploitation and Human Trafficking Policy confirms Admiral’s zero tolerance approach to
     Slavery         modern slavery, outlines our ongoing commitment to eliminating unethical working practices, and provides
                     guidance to employees on reporting any problems identified at work or in the community. We release an annual
                     Modern Slavery Statement in line with the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
     Tax             Our Tax Strategy Policy documents our approach to taxation. The policy confirms that the Group’s primary
                     objective is to be compliant with all tax legislation requirements in all the territories in which we operate.



The non-financial reporting requirements contained         Sustainability
in sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act           38     Our Approach to Sustainability
2006 are addressed within this section by means of         10     Culture and Values
cross reference, to indicate where they are located
                                                           78     Employees Diversity and Inclusion
within the strategic narrative and to avoid duplication.
                                                           87     Community Engagement
Our business                                               94     Responsible Investments
6       Business Model
                                                           Climate disclosure
28      Strategy
11      Financial Stability                                97	Task Force on Climate-related
                                                               Financial Disclosures
40      Key Performance Indicators
                                                           95  Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting
                                                           Governance
                                                           114    Risk
                                                           136    Governance

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
114   Strategic Report




      Principal Risks and Uncertainties


      The Board, with support from the Group                            The table overleaf sets out the principal risks which
                                                                        Admiral has identified through its Enterprise Risk
      Risk Committee and the Group Risk function,                       Management Framework (ERMF). The impact of those
      undertakes a regular and robust assessment                        risks and actions taken to mitigate them are explained
                                                                        below. This section also includes a description of
      of the principal and emerging risks facing                        Admiral’s approach to identify, manage and govern
      the Group alongside engaging with the                             emerging risks.
      management team on the Group Strategy.                            Risk Appetite: The Admiral Group risk strategy contains
                                                                        strategic risk statements for the relevant risks
      These risks have been summarised as those                         which help deliver the Group’s business objectives.
      which would threaten its business model,                          The Group risk appetite is owned and approved by
                                                                        the Admiral Group Board. The responsibility for the
      future performance, liquidity and solvency.                       Group risk appetite is delegated to the Group Risk
                                                                        Committee which reviews all components prior to
                                                                        Board approval and monitors the performance of the
                                                                        business against the approved Group risk appetite
                                                                        through the consolidated risk report.



         Identification     Principal risks (A–K)                            Unsurprisingly, given external events, the risk
                                                                             profile of the Group has changed since 2021.
                            Insurance Risk:
         of risks           A 	Reserving risk in the UK and
                                                                             Operational risk has reduced, as the Group
                                                                             becomes more familiar with operating in
                                international insurance                      the post-Covid-19 business environment,
                            B Premium risk and catastrophe risk              however many other PR&U are trending up,
                            C 	Reduced availability of co-insurance         driven by unprecedented levels of inflation,
                                and reinsurance arrangements                 supply chain challenges, and economic and
                                                                             market turmoil. This trend of increasing risk
                            D 	Potential diminution of other revenue
                                                                             is anticipated to continue into 2023 due to
                            Group Risk:                                      continued uncertainty.
                            E 	Erosion of competitive advantage             Principal risks and uncertainties reflect the
                                in UK car insurance                          main risks faced by the company in achieving
                            F 	Failure of geographic and/or                 its strategic objectives. Our strategic
                                product expansion                            objectives have been listed below with the
                            G 	Reliance on UK price comparison              links to our strategy noted against each
                                distribution channel                         principal risk and uncertainty (for more
                                                                             information on the strategy refer to pages
                            Credit Risk:                                     28–37. Alongside these three pillars there
                            H 	Credit risk                                  are two supporting strategies covering the
                                                                             customer and the Group culture which are
                            Market Risk:                                     central to everything the Group does.
                             I 	Market risk
                                                                              1 	Admiral 2.0: Increase speed of delivery
                            Operational Risk:                                     on customer needs, continuing
                             J 	Legal and regulatory risk                        to upgrade UW capabilities and
                            K 	Operational risk                                  operational excellence.
                                                                              2 	Business Diversification: Increase
                                                                                  customer engagement and business
                                                                                  resilience, enriching our proposition
                                                                                  beyond motor.
                                                                              3 	Motor Evolution: Evolve our proposition
                                                                                  for changes in mobility.




                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                   115




                                                                                                                                                   Company Overview



Insurance Risk


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
  A     Reserving risk in the UK and international insurance

        Possible         Risk                                                           Mitigating Factors
        impact on        Admiral is exposed to reserving risk through its               The Group continues to reserve conservatively,
        our strategic    underwriting of motor, household and other insurance           setting claims reserves in the Financial Statements well
        initiatives      policies. Claims reserves in the Financial Statements may      above actuarial best estimates to create a margin held




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                         prove inadequate to cover the ultimate cost of claims          to allow for unforeseen adverse development.
         1 2
                         which are by nature uncertain.
                                                                                        Best estimate reserves are estimated both internally
                         This is a particular risk for motor insurance liabilities,     and externally by independent actuaries.
                         where the amount payable for bodily injury claims
                                                                                        For very large claims Admiral purchases excess of loss
                         (particularly large claims) can change significantly during
                                                                                        reinsurance, which mitigates a portion of the loss.
                         the lifetime of the claim as a result of external risks such
                         as changes in Ogden rates (expected in 2024), impacts of       Regular reviews of both settled and potential PPO
                         increased levels of Periodical Payment Orders (PPOs) and       cases are undertaken by the Claims and Actuarial teams,




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                         claims inflation.                                              with independent actuarial analysis provided as part of
                                                                                        the external reserving process.
                         Impact
                         During this period, increased uncertainty in forecasting       Admiral’s investment strategy is the result of a
                         both the level and duration of the impact of higher            structured, disciplined and transparent investment
                         inflation rates on claims reserves may lead to adverse         process. Long-dated inflation linked assets are held to
                         run‑off and higher claims costs than projected.                partly hedge the risks associated with PPO claims.
                         PPO claims are capital intensive owing to increased
                         uncertainty of the cost of significant claims over a




                                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
                         longer term.


  B     Premium risk and catastrophe risk

        Possible         Risk                                                           Mitigating Factors
        impact on        The Group is exposed to the risk that inappropriate            There are a number of aspects which contribute to
        our strategic    premiums are charged for its insurance products                Admiral’s strong UK underwriting results, including:
        initiatives      leading to either insufficient premiums to cover claims
                                                                                        • Experienced and focused senior management
                         cost or uncompetitive rates leading to reduced business
         1 2 3                                                                            and teams in key business areas including pricing
                         volumes. This risk is increased during periods of high
                                                                                          and claims management
                         inflation leading to greater market uncertainty.
                                                                                        • Highly data-driven and analytical approach
                         The risk of increased claim costs and/or reduced                 to the regular monitoring of claims and
                         business volumes could be driven by potential economic ,         underwriting performance
                         social, environmental, regulatory or political change such
                                                                                        • Capability to identify and resolve underperformance
                         as the Russia-Ukraine conflict, impacting supply chains or
                                                                                          promptly through changes to key performance
                         new entrants to the market.
                                                                                          drivers, particularly pricing
                         Admiral is exposed to the risk of higher losses than           • Continuous appraisal of and investment in employees,
                         anticipated due to the occurrence of manmade                     systems and processes
                         catastrophes or natural weather events, potentially
                                                                                        • Monitoring the impact arising from climate change
                         increased in frequency and severity due to climate change.
                                                                                          risks, covering both physical and transitional risks,
                         Acute physical climate risks include changes in the              as well as other Emerging Risks which may impact
                         frequency of both large catastrophe events and severe            premium or catastrophe drivers
                         weather events, where trends are difficult to identify,
                                                                                        Admiral purchases excess of loss reinsurance, which is
                         and which have large claims costs associated with them.
                                                                                        designed to mitigate the impact of very large individual
                         Impact                                                         or catastrophe event claims.
                         Higher claims costs, reduced business volumes
                         and/or higher loss ratios, resulting in reduced profits
                         or underwriting losses.
                         A large flood or windstorm, causing extensive property
                         damage (both motor and household) to a significant
                         proportion of the portfolio, could lead to a larger than
                         anticipated total claims cost.


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
116   Strategic Report




      Principal Risks and Uncertainties
      continued

        C     Reduced availability of co-insurance and reinsurance arrangements

              Possible        Risk                                                            Mitigating Factors
              impact on       Admiral uses proportional co-insurance and reinsurance          Admiral mitigates the risk to its reinsurance
              our strategic   across its insurance businesses to reduce its own               arrangements by ensuring that it has a diverse range
              initiatives     capital needs (and to increase the return on the capital it     of financially secure partners.
                              does hold) and to mitigate the cost and risk of establishing
               1 2 3                                                                          Admiral continues to enjoy a long-term relationship
                              new operations. There is a risk that support will not be
                                                                                              with a number of different reinsurers, some of which
                              available or that it will be available at an uneconomical
                                                                                              are amongst the world’s largest.
                              price in the future if the results and/or future prospects of
                              either the UK businesses or (more realistically) one or more    These long-term arrangements are in place
                              of the less well-established operations are not satisfactory    throughout the UK and International businesses.
                              to the co- and/or reinsurers.
                              Climate change could lead to system-level shifts in
                              conditions in the natural environment. A higher frequency
                              and severity of extreme weather events, as well as
                              increased chronic physical risks, could increase the cost of
                              reinsurance protection for insurers. Climate change could
                              impact reinsurance structures if more events are hitting
                              reinsurance layers, potentially leading to changes in terms
                              and conditions or premiums.
                              Impact
                              A potential need to raise additional capital to support
                              an increased underwriting share. Return on capital might
                              reduce compared to current levels.


        D     Potential diminution of other revenue

              Possible        Risk                                                            Mitigating Factors
              impact on       Admiral earns other revenue from a portfolio of                 Admiral continuously assesses the value to its customer
              our strategic   products and services in addition to the core insurance         of the products it offers and makes changes to ensure
              initiatives     products. The level of this revenue could diminish due          the products continue to meet customer needs and
                              to: political, regulatory, legal, social/customer behaviour,    offer good value.
               1 2 3
                              strategic, market or economic changes.
                                                                                              Admiral seeks to minimise reliance on any single
                              Impact                                                          source by earning revenue from a range of products.
                              Lower profits from business operations and lower return         This would mitigate the impact of regulatory or
                              on capital.                                                     market changes, or changes in consumer behaviour,
                                                                                              which might affect a particular product or
                                                                                              income stream.
                                                                                              Admiral works closely with its regulators
                                                                                              and other key industry bodies to understand
                                                                                              potential developments.




                                                                                                   Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                   117




                                                                                                                                                   Company Overview



Group Risk


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
  E     Erosion of competitive advantage in UK car insurance

        Possible         Risk                                                         Mitigating Factors
        impact on        Admiral typically maintains a significant combined           Admiral’s focus remains on the wide range of
        our strategic    ratio advantage over the UK market. This advantage           factors that contribute to Admiral’s combined ratio
        initiatives      and/or the level of underwriting profit (and associated      outperformance of the UK Motor market. Some are




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                         profit commission) could be eroded. This risk could          set out earlier in the Strategic Report, but other
         1 2 3
                         be exacerbated by: unfavourable loss or expense ratio        factors include:
                         results, irrational competitor pricing, new technologies
                                                                                      • A track record of innovation and ability to react
                         used within the insurance market and/or regulatory
                                                                                        quickly to market conditions and developments
                         market intervention. It may arise from new or existing
                         competitors, or outcomes from legal or regulatory            • A focus on maintaining a low-cost infrastructure
                         change such as the FCA’s pricing practices.                    and efficient acquisition costs
                                                                                      • An experienced and focused management team
                         Impact
                                                                                      • A robust pricing discipline to ensure




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                         A worse UK car Insurance result and lower return on
                         capital employed.                                              prudent behaviour to try and protect our
                                                                                        competitive advantage
                         A sustained and uncorrected erosion of competitive
                                                                                      • A strong Admiral brand and customer orientated
                         advantage could affect the ability of Admiral to maintain
                                                                                        culture to attract and retain customers
                         its reinsurance arrangements, which might in turn require
                         Admiral to hold more capital.


  F     Failure of geographic and/or product expansion




                                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
        Possible         Risk                                                         Mitigating Factors
        impact on        In line with the Group’s diversification strategy,           Admiral’s approach to expansion and product
        our strategic    Admiral continues to develop its other UK insurance          development remains conservative, applying the
        initiatives      businesses, non-insurance businesses such as Admiral         test-and-learn philosophy that has proven successful
                         Money, and its international businesses. Admiral Pioneer     for previous operations. International insurance
         1 2 3
                         is the vehicle for the development and launching of new      businesses have generally executed cautious launch
                         products and services, other than those already covered      strategies and are usually backed by proportional
                         by existing established Group businesses.                    reinsurance support which provides substantial
                                                                                      mitigation against start-up losses in the early years.
                         One or more of the operations could fail to become
                         a sustainable, profitable long-term business.                The Directors are mindful of management
                                                                                      stretch and regularly assess the suitability of the
                         Product expansion into new areas could lead to
                                                                                      infrastructure and management structure in place
                         unprofitable business, could increase regulatory risk,
                                                                                      for Admiral’s new UK and international operations,
                         and may introduce new risks into the Group.
                                                                                      alongside oversight and challenge from appropriate
                         Growth in developing businesses could exceed the scale       boards and committees.
                         of infrastructure of the operation.
                                                                                      The Group has established a sufficiently large and
                         Impact                                                       diverse portfolio in order to mitigate the risk of failure
                         Higher than planned losses (and potentially closure costs)   of individual new operations.
                         and distraction of key management.
                         A collective failure of these businesses would threaten
                         Admiral’s objective to diversify its earnings by expanding
                         into new markets and products, though any single failure
                         of product or geography is likely to be tolerable.
                         The UK car business, which continues to perform strongly,
                         is largely unaffected by this risk.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
118   Strategic Report




      Principal Risks and Uncertainties
      continued

        G     Reliance on UK comparison distribution channel

              Possible        Risk                                                          Mitigating Factors
              impact on       Admiral is dependent on the four main UK comparison           Admiral contributes materially to the revenues of all
              our strategic   websites as an important source of new business and           four major UK comparison businesses, and has a strong
              initiatives     growth. Growth in this distribution channel could slow,       brand presence, and therefore it is not considered
                              cease or reverse, or Admiral could lose one or more of        probable that a material source of new business would
               1 2 3
                              the websites as a source of customers.                        be lost.
                              Impact                                                        Admiral continues to grow its MultiCover and MultiCar
                              A potentially material reduction in UK insurance new          products which promotes retention. It also has a direct
                              business volumes, in particular for UK Motor.                 offering to new and existing customers, with continuing
                                                                                            investment made to improve its online/digital offering.
                              However, a more competitive market might benefit the
                              insurance businesses through lower acquisition costs.


      Credit Risk

        H     Credit risk

              Possible        Risk                                                          Mitigating Factors
              impact on       Admiral is primarily exposed to credit risk in the form of:   Admiral only conducts business with reinsurers of
              our strategic   (a) reinsurance counterparty credit risk; or (b) banking      appropriate financial strength. In addition, major
              initiatives     counterparty credit risk or (c) credit risk of investments.   reinsurance contracts are operated on a funds withheld
                              One or more counterparties could suffer significant           basis, which substantially reduces credit risk, as Admiral
               1 2
                              losses leading to a credit default, while a downgrade         holds the cash received as collateral.
                              of investments could erode the value.
                                                                                            Admiral continuously monitors the credit quality of our
                              Admiral Money exposes the Group to credit risk in relation    counterparties within Board approved limits, adjusting
                              to customer defaults on its unsecured personal loan and       its credit rules and pricing accordingly.
                              car finance business.
                                                                                            Credit risk of investments is managed through
                              Impact                                                        diversification and appointing high-quality third-party
                              The impact of a major credit event could be losses and        asset managers. Limits on counterparties and certain
                              reduced capital, dependent on its nature and severity.        credit ratings ensure that credit risk is managed
                                                                                            within risk appetite, and produces a high quality credit
                              Admiral would also need to ensure that it continues to
                                                                                            portfolio. The Group invests in a range of liquidity funds
                              have sufficient liquid assets to meet its claims and other
                                                                                            which hold a wide range of short duration, high quality
                              liabilities as they fell due.
                                                                                            securities, and in fixed income funds holding primarily
                              Increased defaults could impact future profitably and         investment grade assets. Cash balances and deposits
                              lending capabilities.                                         are placed only with highly rated counterparties.
                                                                                            Most long-term investments are held in Government
                                                                                            bonds to further mitigate the exposure to credit risk.
                                                                                            Admiral considers counterparty exposure frequently
                                                                                            and in significant detail, and has in place appropriate
                                                                                            triggers and limits to mitigate exposure to individual
                                                                                            investment counterparties.
                                                                                            Admiral Money’s credit risk appetite is set to ensure
                                                                                            that the risk taken is commensurate to the expected
                                                                                            returns whilst also considering customer affordability.
                                                                                            Admiral Money continuously monitors its criteria for
                                                                                            new business and the performance of its portfolio.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                      119




                                                                                                                                                      Company Overview



Market Risk


                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
  I     Market risk

        Possible         Risk                                                           Mitigating Factors
        impact on        Market risk arises as a result of movement in interest         The investment strategy focuses on preservation of
        our strategic    rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange rates.              the amount invested, low volatility of returns and
        initiatives                                                                     strong liquidity. The majority of the portfolio is invested




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                         Impact                                                         in high quality fixed income and other debt securities,
         1               Market volatility (notably significant changes in risk
                                                                                        and money market funds and other similar funds in
                         free interest rates or material increases in credit spreads)
                                                                                        order to achieve these objectives. To note Admiral does
                         can adversely impact the value of the Group’s assets.
                                                                                        not invest in commercial property.
                         The Group’s solvency can also be adversely impacted
                         due to an increased regulatory valuation of claims             The Group’s mitigation for interest rate risk resulting
                         liabilities, in particular in relation to longer-dated         from long duration PPO liabilities includes reinsurance
                         potential PPO claims.                                          cover and a continuing focus on investment strategies.
                         Continued growth of the Group’s businesses outside             This includes asset/liability matching, consideration




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
                         the UK has altered the exposure to net assets and              of hedging options for these liabilities, including of
                         liabilities in currencies other than pounds sterling,          certain risks associated with PPO claims.
                         increasing the Group’s exposure to Euros and Dollars
                                                                                        Relative to the size of the Group, exposure to non-
                         in particular.
                                                                                        sterling currency remains relatively small.


Operational Risk

  J     Legal and regulatory risk




                                                                                                                                                      Additional Information
        Possible         Risk                                                           Mitigating Factors
        impact on        Legal and regulatory risk may arise where Admiral fails to     Ongoing monitoring of the Group’s compliance with
        our strategic    fully comply with legal or regulatory requirements and/or      current and proposed requirements and interaction
        initiatives      changes in an accurate, timely manner. Examples include        with regulators by Executive Management and
                         compliance with the FCA’s new Consumer Duty. This risk         the Board.
         1 2 3
                         may also arise where previous industry and/or Admiral
                                                                                        Assurance is gained through external reviews and
                         regulatory or legal compliance standards are revisited
                                                                                        benchmarking exercises ensuring Admiral is compliant
                         with negative consequences, applied retrospectively,
                                                                                        with legal and regulatory requirements.
                         for the industry and/or the Group. As Admiral operates
                         globally, across business lines and products, it is exposed    Strong project governance is a key control in managing
                         to a number of differing legal jurisdictions and regulators.   regulatory change.
                         Failing to meet increasing expectations from regulators,
                         legislators, and shareholders around climate change
                         and the environment could potentially lead to exposure
                         to legal and regulatory risk. In the longer term, the
                         impact from not meeting increasing expectations could
                         be serious.
                         Impact
                         Exposure to regulatory intervention, censure and/or
                         enforcement action through fines and other sanctions.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
120   Strategic Report




      Principal Risks and Uncertainties
      continued

        K     Operational risk

              Possible        Risk                                                          Mitigating Factors
              impact on       Operational risk arises within all areas of the business.     Admiral operates a three lines of defence model,
              our strategic   The principal categories of operational risk for Admiral      and internal controls are in place and are monitored
              initiatives     are: conduct risk; physical security risk; technology risk;   to mitigate risks. The control framework is regularly
                              information security/cyber risk; business continuity          reviewed, and the internal audit function has an agreed
               1 2 3
                              and operational resilience; process risk; change risk;        cycle of testing of the adequacy and effectiveness of
                              people risk; data governance risk; and, outsourcing and       controls. Specific operational risks are mitigated by:
                              procurement risk.
                                                                                            • Monitoring, managing and reporting on customer
                              Impact                                                          outcomes in order to mitigate customer detriment
                              Potential customer detriment and/or potential regulatory      • Regular Executive Management and Board review
                              censure/enforcement and/or reputational damage as a             of the effectiveness of the Group’s IT capability
                              result of Admiral’s action or inaction.
                                                                                            • Continuing investment in Information Security in
                              Admiral being unable to service its customers or making         order to mitigate Information Security risks, including
                              poor business decisions due to lack of system availability,     evolving Cyber risk. Including the embedding of
                              data integrity and/or data confidentiality.                     improved KRI’s for Cyber/Information Security risks
                              The risk of reductions in earnings and/or value,              • Staffing a major incident team within IT which
                              through financial or reputational loss, from inadequate         is tasked with maintaining system availability,
                              or failed internal and outsourced projects, processes           with business continuity and disaster recovery
                              and systems, or from people related, hybrid working or          plans in place which are regularly tested, alongside
                              external events.                                                completion of an operational resilience work stream
                                                                                            • Backing up data to allow for its recovery in the event
                              Risk to Admiral occurs through the losses that could
                                                                                              of corruption
                              materialise if the internal control framework managing
                              business processes fails.                                     • Employing enhanced project governance and
                                                                                              oversight of new systems implementations,
                                                                                              with external specialist review and assurance
                                                                                              where required
                                                                                            • Attracting, retaining and motivating quality
                                                                                              employees to deliver superior customer service
                                                                                              and to achieve business objectives
                                                                                            • Employing targeted recruitment and identifying
                                                                                              potential leaders through internal development,
                                                                                              talent management and retention processes for
                                                                                              the purposes of succession planning
                                                                                            • An ongoing commitment to Diversity and Inclusion.
                                                                                            • Monitoring outsourced and offshore activities
                                                                                              through ongoing supplier relationship and
                                                                                              performance management, and with regular due
                                                                                              diligence reviews
                                                                                            • Strategic reviews are periodically undertaken to
                                                                                              align procurement and outsourcing arrangements
                                                                                              with our wider business strategy and also in response
                                                                                              to ongoing macroeconomic challenges
                                                                                            Admiral also purchases a range of insurance covers
                                                                                            to mitigate the impact of a number of other
                                                                                            operational risks.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                       121




                                                                                                                       Company Overview



Emerging risks                                            Emerging risks are identified via horizon scanning.



                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
The management of emerging risks is a key element         This involves an extensive literature review,
of Admiral’s strategic risk management, and emerging      consultations with internal working groups, and
risks and opportunities continued to be reviewed          interviews with internal stakeholders, subject matter
throughout 2022.                                          experts, and external specialists. Emerging risks are
                                                          assessed using an internally-developed framework,
Admiral Group identifies and monitors emerging            which includes qualitative and quantitative analysis
risks, issues which may be potentially significant, but   to grade each emerging risk on a scale designed to




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
may not be fully foreseen, assessed or allowed for in     be comparable across entities and compatible with
insurance terms and conditions, pricing, reserving or     management of operationalised risks. Evaluation of
capital setting, or strategic and business decisions.     the potential impact to Admiral includes consideration
By their very nature, emerging risks are many and         of how the risk may interact with existing Principal
varied, with a high degree of uncertainty around          Risks and Uncertainties (PR&Us), as well as any new
the likelihood of occurrence, severity and/or timing.     risks that could arise. It also covers the precautionary
The broad analysis of a wide range of emerging            deployment of management actions and
risks and opportunities may lead to a change in           mitigating controls.




                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
strategy, management behaviour, ways of working
or risk management and in turn, to a stronger and         Admiral’s Emerging Risk Radar captures an assessment
more robust business which better delivers on             of potential impact and time to crystallisation for
its commitments to customers, employees, and              emerging risks. It categorises each risk into four broad
other stakeholders.                                       risk segments: (a) social, political & economic, (b) legal
                                                          & regulatory, (c) technology and (d) environmental.
                                                          Plotting emerging risks in this way can shed light on
                                                          the macro trends with common drivers and effects.
                                                          Reporting on emerging risks and opportunities




                                                                                                                       Additional Information
                                                          is provided to the GRC and relevant Boards,
                                                          is incorporated into the Group ORSA Report, and is
                                                          discussed with the senior management and entity
                                                          risk teams.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
122   Strategic Report




      Viability Statement


      In accordance with provision 31 of the 2018 UK               The quantitative assessment considers how the
      Corporate Governance Code, the Directors have                regulatory capital requirements, economic capital
      assessed the prospects of the Company over a                 needs, own funds and solvency position of the Group
      three-year period, having referenced the Group’s Own         are projected to change over the three-year horizon,
      Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA), risk strategy,          with a requirement to maintain a solvency ratio above
      risk appetite, principal risks and uncertainties, key risk   the approved capital risk appetite buffer throughout
      drivers, and ongoing risk management activities.             the projection.
      As per provision 31, Admiral considers three years
                                                                   The assessment includes a series of sensitivity, stress and
      to be a period of assessment over which it has a
                                                                   scenario tests (S&STs) and reverse stress tests (RSTs) that
      reasonable degree of confidence. Although the Group
                                                                   are examined and quantified to understand the potential
      reviews financial projections that extend beyond
                                                                   impact on the Group’s solvency, liquidity and profitability,
      the three-year time horizon covering the years up to
                                                                   as part of the ORSA process. In addition to these Group
      2027, Admiral considers that there is an inherent risk
                                                                   tests, there are also entity-specific scenarios, considered
      and uncertainty in projecting beyond this three-year
                                                                   of lower materiality to the Group, that are performed
      period, as the degree of certainty in the impact of
                                                                   by each subsidiary insurance entity as part of their
      internal and external developments reduces greatly
                                                                   ORSA processes.
      due to the nature of Admiral’s primary business
      (one-year insurance policies). However, these financial      The results of the stress tests form part of the process
      projections contain no information which would cause         to set the Group’s capital risk appetite, which seeks to
      different conclusions to be reached over the long-           hold a buffer on top of the Group’s regulatory capital
      term viability of the Group.                                 requirement that is sufficient to protect its regulatory
                                                                   capital position against a range of significant but plausible
      At least annually, the Group produces an ORSA report,
                                                                   potential shocks and stresses.
      which is the main source of evidence used by the
      Board to assess viability. The ORSA report sets out          Key strategic decisions, including the setting of dividend
      a detailed consideration of the principal risks and          payments, consider the solvency impact against the
      uncertainties facing the Group and considers current         Board-approved capital risk appetite of 130%, which
      and projected levels of solvency and liquidity over a        is a key criterion for the Board in assessing viability.
      12-month to three-year period.                               Refer to the Strategic Report (page 64) for information on
                                                                   sensitivities to the reported 2022 solvency ratio position.
      In addition to the three-year period of assessment
      supported by the ORSA, the Board utilises other              To assess the robustness of the Group to the impact of
      relevant reporting, some of which is longer term             various risks, 15 S&STs and two RSTs have been quantified
      in nature. Notably these include five-year financial         to understand the potential impact on the Group’s
      projections reviewed twice a year, three-year solvency       solvency ratio. In 2022 a range of scenarios have been
      projections reviewed at least twice a year, and a one-       performed from the capital planning process along with
      year financial budget for the forthcoming 12 months          scenarios related to PRA’s IST 2022 natural catastrophe
      approved on an annual basis.                                 and cyber / operational risk scenarios, and insurance,
                                                                   market risk and inflation stresses.
      Quantitative and qualitative assessments of
      risks are performed as part of the ORSA process,             The results indicate that for most of the stresses,
      assessing these risks over the three-year capital            Admiral has sufficient capital to withstand the extreme
      planning time horizon. This forward-looking                  scenarios. The 130% buffer is breached for two scenarios
      approach reflects the alignment of the financial             (extreme inflation and macroeconomic shock) although
      and business planning process and the solvency               the solvency ratios still lie comfortably above the 100%
      assessment, referred to within Admiral as the capital        minimum solvency ratio. For these scenarios Admiral also
      plan. This makes sure that Admiral is appropriately          has several management actions that it could call on
      capitalised at a fixed point in time as well as over         to alleviate capital pressures and improve the solvency
      the future planning time horizon, given Admiral’s            ratio to bring it above the 130% buffer. A third exception
      principal risks and uncertainties and a plausible range      is an extreme RST, combining severe and extreme
      of potential stressed conditions. The capital plan is        insurance (reserve/premium) and market risk scenario
      a key consideration for Group and Subsidiary Boards          combinations. In the absence of management actions this
      in assessing and approving the business strategy,            would result in a breach of the 100% minimum solvency
      business / financial plan and key business decisions.        ratio but, as is the intention of the RST, it is considered to
                                                                   be an extremely remote outcome, being well excess of a
                                                                   1-in-200-year event.




                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                    123




                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



Risk management is an essential part of Admiral’s           • Credit Risk: The increase in cost of living may lead to an



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
operations, and successful risk taking is key to              increased number of customers being unable to meet
the Group achieving its business objectives.                  their loan repayments or insurance premiums. The EUI
Risk management is therefore a key consideration              processes for payment holidays to direct debit payers
when setting the Group’s strategy, managing                   was established during the Covid-19 lockdowns and
performance, and rewarding success. The current risks         remains in place for financially vulnerable customers.
that are faced by the Group are captured in the Risk          Within Admiral Money, affordability assessments for
Universe, with the most notable risks captured in the         new loans have been adjusted to ensure that customers




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Group’s principal risks and uncertainties (page 114)48.       are resilient to ongoing inflation. The loans portfolio
In addition to these principal risks and uncertainties,       has been stress tested and the results indicate a strong
the Group also considers a range of emerging risks            portfolio within risk appetite
that could impact the Group to varying degrees in
                                                            • Reserve Risk: The Group has a prudent approach to
the future, but which are not yet fully understood,
                                                              reserving, which helps to minimise the impact of
including those related to climate change (page 121).
                                                              inflation and help build strong, resilient businesses
The Admiral Group Risk Strategy is considered and             for the long-term. Provision has been made for the
approved by the Board. The strategy is directly linked        impact of inflation on unsettled Bodily Injury (BI) claims,




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
to the business plan and seeks to ensure that all risks       for which cost of care is the primary driver of cost,
are managed effectively to allow the Group to meet            ensuring that reserves capture excess inflation, for all
its strategic aims (pages 28–37). Supporting this is the      heads of damage, but particularly for wage inflation
Admiral Group Risk Management Policy, which sets              over the average time it takes for BI claims to settle.
out Admiral’s approach to risk management, as well            This continues to be reviewed, with best-estimates
as the governance of risk management across the               of these impacts being reflected in the reserves
Group. This approach ensures that there is appropriate        recognised as at the balance sheet date
oversight of the Group’s risk profile, and that the
                                                            • Operational Risk: During 2022, GRC have continued to




                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
Group remains within risk appetite in all its operations.
                                                              review the impacts and level of operational risk as focus
While each of Admiral’s principal risks and                   turned to adapting to the “post-Covid-19 business
uncertainties could have potentially impacted the             environment”. The labour market remains difficult
Group’s performance, during 2022 the following key            with strong competition to attract candidates at all
risk drivers were seen to be of notable importance:           levels. The trial and introduction of flexible working
Covid-19, changing economic outlook, technology,              conditions, increased staff retention risks in the UK,
cyber and operational resilience, geopolitical                the potential erosion of the competitive advantage of
instability, and climate change.                              Admiral’s culture and the return to more “normalised”
                                                              driving patterns have all been considered in their
Changing Economic Outlook: Admiral has reviewed
                                                              impact on both operational performance and customer
and continues to monitor the Group’s solvency and
                                                              outcome risks. The GRC received reports of actions
liquidity positions in response to market volatility
                                                              such as a reduction in working hours for UK staff and
and wider economic uncertainty, considering factors
                                                              an increase in holiday allowance being implemented
such as increases in inflation, the wider impact of
                                                              to address some of these impacts. Monitoring and
supply chain disruption, surging energy prices and the
                                                              reporting is in place on the impact of attraction
pressures on individual household finances leading to
                                                              and retention levels as well as levels of sickness and
a “cost of living crisis” in many countries. Some of the
                                                              absences, following the improvements made to the
current trends in risks most impacted by the changing
                                                              staff benefits package
economic outlook are highlighted below:
                                                            48	Please also see note 6 to the financial statements which sets out the Group’s
• Premium Risk and Catastrophe Risk: Global                     objectives, policies and procedures for managing financial assets and liabilities

  uncertainties, supply chain pressures and
  increasing vehicle repair and replacement
  costs have all contributed to claims inflation.
  Similarly, labour shortages and cost of living
  concerns will contribute to wage inflation impacting
  large bodily injury claims. In most insurance
  markets, motor claims frequency has increased
  but is still noticeably below pre pandemic levels.
  Admiral continues to manage these challenges
  with a disciplined, long-term approach to pricing
  and growth, with a focus on building the business
  for the long-term. The business continues to
  maintain a prudent reserving approach to claims


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
124   Strategic Report




      Viability Statement
      continued

      Covid-19: Group committees have continued                     Climate change: Admiral remains committed to
      to monitor the ongoing impact of Covid-19 and                 recognising and understanding the threats and
      challenge Admiral’s response, including oversight of          opportunities posed by climate change to the Group,
      the return to the office, in line with all applicable local   as well as to mitigate its impact on the environment.
      and national guidance. Throughout the pandemic                Climate-related risks can impact on all of Admiral’s
      the GRC sought to ensure appropriate action was               business lines, operations, investments, and reinsurance
      taken to manage the impact to Admiral’s principal             arrangements. Admiral Group recognises that while there
      risks and uncertainties: prioritising staff health and        are risks from delayed action, there are also opportunities
      safety, maintenance of the strong Admiral culture,            from considering the challenges, including the potential
      Admiral’s ability to continue to provide high quality         to accelerate the Group’s transformation, to build
      customer service and financial resilience.                    resilience, and to gain competitive advantage in new
                                                                    and existing markets.
      • Key actions undertaken by the GRC in this regard
        include review and challenge of potential impacts           As part of this work there is an ongoing Group focus on:
        to Admiral Group’s solvency and liquidity including
                                                                    • Ensuring full compliance with existing and emerging
        financial stress testing and updates on Covid-19
                                                                      regulatory and disclosure requirements
        related regulatory interactions
                                                                    • Researching climate-change trends and assessing the
      Geopolitical Instability: The Russian invasion of               risks and opportunities arising from climate change
      Ukraine and an escalation of geopolitical tensions led
                                                                    • Incorporating climate-related risk drivers into
      to a review of potential exposure across the Group’s
                                                                      business-as-usual risk management, such as enhancing
      PR&Us. From a solvency perspective the impact
                                                                      Admiral’s climate scenario testing capabilities
      has been assessed as immaterial at this time, and
      monitoring of geopolitical tensions is ongoing.               • Continuing efforts to further reduce the Group’s
                                                                      carbon footprint
      • Market Risk: The initial investment spread shock
        was of brief duration and there was very limited            Admiral Group’s strategy linked to climate change is
        indirect exposure across the investment portfolio.          discussed in more detail in the Task Force on Climate-
        Market risks are reviewed by the investments team           Related Financial Disclosures disclosure (page 97).
        and asset managers to ensure Admiral is adequately          Based on the results of this analysis, the Directors have
        positioned in this rapidly changing environment             a reasonable expectation that the Group will be able to
      • Insurance Risk: The risk of reduced availability of         continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall
        co-insurance/reinsurance arrangements remains               due, for the period up to and including December 2025.
        heightened due to tensions between Russia-Ukraine
        and an anticipated Ogden change in 2024, however            Strategic Report Approval
        monitoring is being undertaken to adequately react          The strategic Report is approved for issue by the Board
        to any scenario                                             of Directors, and signed on behalf of the Board:
      Cyber and Operational Resilience: Admiral’s continual
      focus on data, technology, and digital has driven
      increasing adoption of cloud technologies.
                                                                    Milena Mondini de Focatiis
      • Increased monitoring of Technology and
                                                                    Group Chief Executive Officer
        Information Security Risks commenced during
                                                                    7th of March 2023
        2022 through additional KRIs and regular standing
        reports and updates from the Group Technology
        and Information Security Risk Team. Updates on
        cyber crisis planning were provided to committees
        and monitoring will continue on progress and
        response planning activities
      • The cyber security programme in the European
        insurance businesses continues to make progress
        in reducing their information security risk, in line
        with the Group’s Cyber Security Framework.
        In the UK, an Operational Resilience programme
        was completed at the end of March 2022 in line
        with regulatory requirements. Work will continue
        specifically focussed upon the identified Important
        Business Services



                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                    125




Corporate
                                                                    Company Overview

Governance
                                                                    Strategic Report
Contents
126   Governance at a glance
128   Introduction to Governance
130   Board of Directors




                                                                    Corporate Governance
136   Governance Report
158   Nomination and Governance committee
171   Audit Committee Report
178   Group Risk Committee Report
183   Remuneration Committee Report
186   Remuneration at a Glance
187   Directors’ Remuneration Policy


                                                    Adding value.
196   Annual Report on Remuneration




                                                                    Financial Statements
210   Directors’ Report


                                                    Delivering
                                                    difference.
                                                    For our
                                                                    Additional Information
                                                    communities




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
126   Corporate Governance




      Governance at a glance


         Total Board Director skills



                                                                                        11 Finance
                                                                                        10 Risk
                                                                                        8 Insurance
                                                                                        11 Executive/Strategic Leadership
                                                                                        5 Marketing/Retail
                                                                                        8 M&A
                                                                                        10 City
                                                                                        8 International
                                                                                        8 Tech/Digital/Data
                                                                                        8 Operations
                                                                                        6 Entrepreneurial
                                                                                        3 Loans
                                                                                        7 Small / Medium Enterprise
                                                                                        11 Remuneration/People
                                                                                        7 ESG/Sustainability

                                                                                             Find further detail
                                                                                             on page 130



         Executive/Non-Executive Directors   Total Board Independence                   Age diversity




         2 Executive                         8 Independent                              40s 18.2%                    60s 45.5%
         9 Non-executive                     3 Non-Independent                          50s 27.2%                    70s 9.1%




         “This year’s external                                   “Admiral is only one of 5
           evaluation found that this                               FTSE100 companies where
           is a strong Board that                                   each of the board positions
           is reflective and supportive                             of Chair, SID and CEO
           of the Admiral culture.”                                 are held by women.”
           Annette Court                                            Annette Court
         	Group Chair of the Nomination                          	Group Chair of the Nomination
           and Governance Committee                                 and Governance Committee




                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                       127




                                                    “The Board remains
                                                                                                                                                       Company Overview
   Board Nationality




                                                      satisfied that it
                                                      has the appropriate
                                                      balance of skills,                                                                               Strategic Report


                                                      experience, independence  
   8 British
   3 Non-British




                                                      and knowledge.”
                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
   Board Ethnicity



                                                      Annette Court
                                                    	Group Chair of the Nomination
                                                      and Governance Committee




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
   10 White British or other White (including
   minority white groups)
   1 Asian /Asian British


   Board gender diversity                           Non-Executive Director tenure




                                                                                                                                                       Additional Information
                                                                                             Annette Court 10y 9m             JP Rangaswarmi 2y 8m
                                                                                             Jean Park* 8y 11m                Evelyn Bourke 1y 8m
                                                                                             Justine Roberts 6y 6m            Bill Roberts 1y 6m
                                                                                             Andy Crossley 4y 10m
                                                                                             Mike Brierley 4y 3m
                                                                                             Karen Green 4y 0m



   5 Men                                            >9 years                     3-6 years
   6 Women                                          6-9 years                    <3 years    * Jean Park stepped down from the Board in January 2023




                                                                Balance of skills,
                                                                knowledge and
                                                                  experience




              Annual Board
        evaluation and individual
                                                       Board composition                                          Board diversity
           Director appraisals                       and succession planning



                                                                                     Time commitment
                                    Non-Executive tenure
                                                                                        and external
                                     and independence
                                                                                       appointments



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
128   Corporate Governance




      Introduction to Governance


                                          Introduction from the Chair
                                          Dear Shareholder,
                                          On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Group’s
                                          Governance Report for the financial year ended 31 December
                                          2022. This report sets out our approach to effective corporate
                                          governance and outlines key areas of focus of the board and its
                                          activities undertaken during the year as we continue to drive
                                          long-term value for all our stakeholders.
                                          Backdrop
                                          With the background of a world coming out of a pandemic,
                                          moving to a world of hybrid working with uncertainty and
                                          very high claims inflation alongside a cost-of-living crisis,
                                          Admiral remains focused on building on our strengths: a strong
                                          workplace culture, diversity and inclusion, succession planning
                                          and climate change reporting. The Board continues to keep
                                          abreast of the changing corporate governance landscape (such
                                          as the BEIS audit and corporate governance reforms) and is
                                          committed to ensuring that it provides effective leadership
                                          by ensuing that good governance principles and practices are
                                          adhered to across the Group.
                                          Board changes and succession planning

        “With the background             In January 2022 the Board approved that Bill Roberts was
                                          appointed as a member of Nomination and Governance

          of an uncertain world,
                                          Committee. Due to Jean Park’s temporary leave of absence which
                                          was effective from February 2022, upon the recommendation


          Admiral remains
                                          of the Committee, the Board approved that Justine Roberts be
                                          appointed as the Interim Senior Independent Director (“SID”)
                                          and Andy Crossley be appointed as the Interim Group Risk

          focused on building
                                          Committee Chair with effect from February 2022 and Karen Green
                                          was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee on 1 June


          our strengths.”
                                          2022. Justine played an important role in 2022 in leading the
                                          Chair succession process as my extended tenure as Board Chair
                                          comes to an end at the AGM in April 2023. Jean Park retired from
                                          the Board in January 2023 and, in her place, the Board approved
          Annette Court
                                          the appointment of Justine Roberts as permanent SID and as a
        	Group Chair of the Nomination
                                          permanent member of the Remuneration Committee. Refer to
          and Governance Committee
                                          the report of the Nomination and Governance Committee for
                                          further information.
                                               Further details of the respective selection
                                               processes are set out on pages 159 to 170

                                               Further details on our succession planning
                                               is set out on page 128

                                               Further details on our explanations in
                                               respect of non-compliance with Provisions
                                               19 of the Code are on page 136




                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                           129




                                                                                                                                           Company Overview



Purpose, Culture and the impact of COVID-19                           ESG


                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
As reported in our 2020 annual report, the Board approved a           The Board increased its oversight of environmental, social and
revised Group purpose statement in January 2021. The Board is         governance factors in 2022, with climate change, and diversity
cognisant that it has the ultimate responsibility for ensuring that   and inclusion being areas of increasing focus. Not only did
Admiral has an appropriate company culture that aligns with the       the Board receive multiple updates on progress to increase
Group purpose and considers its impact on all of its stakeholders.    disclosures on ESG matters, but the Audit and Risk Committees
Culture continues to be a topic closely monitored by management       also increased their respective oversight of the Taskforce for
and the Board, following the workforce spending an extended           Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and SASB disclosures.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
time working from home following the pandemic. The Board              The Remuneration Committee also considered proposals during
received updates during the year on the proposals to introduce a      the year to link ESG metrics to reward. Further information on
more permanent hybrid working model across the Group and how          TCFD and climate change can be found on page 97.
this might impact Admiral’s culture. Further information on the
                                                                      The Nomination and Governance Committee and the Board
Group’s purpose and how its culture is monitored and assessed by
                                                                      considered updates on diversity and inclusion during the
the Board is outlined on pages 72 to 78 of the Strategic Report and
                                                                      year, including revised targets to demonstrate Admiral’s
pages 148 to 152 of this report, respectively.
                                                                      commitment to continue to be a diverse and inclusive employer.
     For further detail see Our Customers                             Further information about the Board’s oversight of diversity and




                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
     section pages 74 to 76
                                                                      inclusion at Admiral is included in the Nomination and Committee
Stakeholder engagement                                                Report on page 158 and pages 78 and 80 of the Strategic Report.
During the year, the Board revisited its Stakeholder Map and                Read more in our Nomination committee
reaffirmed the key stakeholder groups, as well as the various               report on page 158
mechanisms used to engage and communicate with each.
                                                                      Board effectiveness
Consideration was also given to how Admiral stakeholders’ views
                                                                      At the end of the year, the Board and all of its Committees were
were taken into account in decision making in accordance with
                                                                      evaluated externally by Bvalco Ltd on their own performance to
the Board’s duties under s.172 of the Companies Act 2006.
                                                                      ensure that they continued to operate effectively and to provide




                                                                                                                                           Additional Information
Information on how the Directors discharge this duty, as well as
                                                                      an opportunity to make any improvements in 2023. The outcome
an update on the work of the Employee Consultation Groups
                                                                      of the review also fed into the Board’s objectives which were set
(ECGs), is contained within the stakeholder sections on
                                                                      for 2023. A summary of the outcome of the externally facilitated
page 145 of the Governance report.
                                                                      Board evaluation including information on the Board’s objectives
                                                                      are on pages 169–170.


                                                                      Annette Court
                                                                      Group Chair
                                                                      7 March 2023




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
130   Corporate Governance




      Board of Directors


      Our diverse Board has a breadth of
      skills and experience of adding value
      and delivering difference.

      Board skills matrix                                             Committee Membership
          Finance                   Risk                                Audit Committee member
          Insurance                 Executive/Strategic Leadership      Remuneration Committee member
                                                                        Group Risk Committee member
          Marketing/Retail          M&A
                                                                        Nomination and Governance Committee member
          City                      International                     C Committee Chair

          Technology/Digital/Data   Operations                           Senior Independent Director
          Entrepreneurial           Loans
          Remuneration/People       ESG/Sustainability




                                    Annette Court                                                                                       C
                                    Chair
                                    Current appointments                               Contributions and reasons for appointment
                                    • Non-Executive Director, Chair of the             As Chair, Annette effectively leads the
                                      Remuneration Committee and member of the         Board, and is responsible for setting its
                                      Audit and Risk Committee at Sage Group Plc       agenda and monitoring its effectiveness.
                                    • Chair of WH Smith Plc                            Annette demonstrates significant commitment
                                                                                       to the role and with a background in financial
                                    • Member of Streetgames.org Business
                                                                                       services and technology, and expertise in
                                      Advisory Board
                                                                                       mentoring leaders, she contributes both
                                    • Business Mentor                                  strategically and practically to all areas of Board
                                                                                       related decision making. Annette is also Chair of
                                    Background and experience
                                                                                       the Nomination and Governance Committee a
                                    CEO of Europe General Insurance for Zurich
                                                                                       role she devotes herself to fully and contributes
                                    Financial Services and a member of the Group
                                                                                       effectively offering challenge and guidance.
                                    Executive Committee from 2007–2010.
                                    Former CEO of Direct Line Group (formerly          Annette was appointed as Board Chair in April
                                    RBS Insurance) and member of the RBS               2017, having spent 5 years as a Non-Executive
                                    Group Executive Management Committee.              Director of the Board. Annette reached her
                                    Previously a member on the Board of the            nine-year tenure as Non-Executive Director on
                                    Association of British Insurers (ABI).             the Board in March 2021. Annette will not be
                                                                                       seeking re-election at the April AGM and she will
                                    Appointed                                          be stepping down from her role as Chair.
                                    Appointed to the Board on 23 March 2012,
                                    appointed to Chair on 26 April 2017 with service   Skills
                                    ending 27 April 2023.




                                                                                       Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                   131




                                                                                                                                                   Company Overview




                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
                                      Milena Mondini de Focatiis
                                      Chief Executive Officer
                                      Current appointments                                  Contributions and reasons for appointment
                                      • Mentor for A-Road, Growth Capital                   Milena leads a very strong and experienced
                                      • Admiral Insurance Company Limited member            management team and is an effective CEO who
                                                                                            continues to build an even stronger Admiral for




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                        (an Admiral Group subsidiary)
                                                                                            the future.
                                      Background and experience
                                      Milena joined Admiral in 2007 and was appointed       Skills
                                      CEO in January 2021. She has been a member
                                      of the leadership team throughout her time
                                      at Admiral, has extensive experience of the
                                      Group’s operations and has attended and actively
                                      contributed at Board meetings as an observer
                                      since 2011. Her previous roles included being




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                                      Head of UK and European Insurance and CEO
                                      of ConTe.it, Admiral’s Italian insurance business
                                      which she founded in 2008.
                                      Before joining Admiral, Milena worked as
                                      a consultant for Bain & Co and Accenture.
                                      She holds an MBA from INSEAD and a degree in
                                      Telecommunication Engineering from Universitá
                                      degli Studi di Napoli Federico II.

                                      Appointed




                                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
                                      Appointed to the Board in August 2020 and
                                      became CEO on 1 January 2021.




                                      Geraint Jones
                                      Chief Financial Officer
                                      Current appointments                                  Contributions and reasons for appointment
                                      • Admiral Financial Services Limited Board            Geraint has worked for Admiral for approaching
                                        member (an Admiral Group subsidiary)                20 years and has been Group CFO for nearly
                                      • Admiral Insurance (Gibraltar) Limited Board         8 years. He has a deep understanding of the
                                        member (an Admiral Group subsidiary)                Group’s businesses and strategy, which, together
                                                                                            with his significant financial and accounting
                                      • Admiral Insurance Company Limited Board
                                                                                            experience and broad range of skills and
                                        member (an Admiral Group subsidiary)
                                                                                            commercial expertise, makes him a valuable
                                      • Co-opted member of the Finance and Audit            contributor both to the Board and the wider
                                        Committee of the Wales Millennium Centre            Group. Geraint is also able to use his financial and
                                                                                            accounting experience to provide insight into the
                                      Background and experience
                                                                                            Group’s financial reporting and risk management
                                      Geraint joined Admiral in 2002 and held several
                                                                                            reporting processes.
                                      senior finance positions including Head of
                                      Finance, before being promoted to Deputy CFO          Skills
                                      in January 2012 and CFO in August 2014. Geraint is
                                      responsible for finance, investments and investor
                                      relations. A Fellow of the Institute of Chartered
                                      Accountants in England and Wales, Geraint spent
                                      the early part of his career as an external auditor
                                      at Ernst & Young and KPMG.

                                      Appointed
                                      Appointed in 2014.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
132   Corporate Governance




      Board of Directors
      continued

                             Mike Brierley
                             Non-Executive Director
                             Current appointments                                Contributions and reasons for appointment
                             • Chair of Admiral Financial Services Limited       Mike brings a depth of knowledge from working
                               (Admiral Money) (an Admiral Group subsidiary)     at senior levels across multiple financial services
                             • Non-Executive Director of Alpha Bank              sectors, jurisdictions and markets. As a result
                               London Limited                                    of his extensive financial and commercial
                                                                                 experience, Mike is able to contribute effectively
                             • Director and Trustee of the Rose Theatre Trust
                                                                                 as a non-executive director, and in his role
                             Background and experience                           as a member of the Audit and Remuneration
                             Mike was CFO of Metro Bank Plc between 2009         Committees. Through his recent and relevant
                             and 2018, helping lead the business from start-up   financial experience, he is able to effectively
                             to listing on the FTSE. He spent seven years at     challenge management on the financial
                             Capital One Europe in various roles including       reporting and internal control matters that come
                             CFO Europe, CFO UK and Chief Risk Officer           before the Audit Committee. Mike demonstrates
                             Europe. He has also served as CFO for Royal Trust   full commitment to the responsibilities that go
                             Bank, Financial Controller at Industrial Bank of    with his Board and Committee roles and offers
                             Japan (London Branch), Director Business Risk       appropriate challenge and guidance in respect of
                             at Barclaycard and was co-founder and Deputy        the matters considered in these forums.
                             Managing Director and CFO of Gentra Limited.
                                                                                 Skills
                             Mike is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered
                             Accountants in England and Wales.
                             Appointed
                             Appointed in 2018.




                             Karen Green                                                                                   C
                             Non-Executive Director
                             Current appointments                                Appointed
                             • Non-Executive Director, Senior Independent        Appointed in 2018.
                               Director and Chair of the Sustainability
                               Committee of Phoenix Group Holdings Plc           Contributions and reasons for appointment
                                                                                 Karen has substantial financial services
                             • Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Risk      experience and has a deep understanding
                               Committee of Asta Managing Agency Ltd             of insurance and reinsurance, having served
                             • Council Member and Chair of the Investment        in senior executive roles in these sectors,
                               Committee Lloyd’s of London                       including as CEO of an insurance business.
                             • Non-Executive Director and Interim Risk and       Karen also has a strong background in strategic
                               Audit Committee Chair (effective 1 January        planning and corporate development and the
                               2023) of Miller Insurance Services LLP            relevant financial and industry expertise to be
                                                                                 Chair of the Audit Committee. She demonstrates
                             • Advisor role at Cytora Limited
                                                                                 the commitment required to discharge
                             Background and experience                           effectively the responsibilities attached to
                             Karen Green is the former CEO of Aspen UK,          this role and to challenge management on the
                             comprising the principal UK insurance and           Group’s financial reporting and risk management
                             reinsurance companies of Aspen Insurance            processes in particular.
                             Holdings (2010 to 2017). Other senior Aspen
                                                                                 Skills
                             positions included Group Head of Strategy,
                             Corporate Development, Office of the Group CEO
                             and she was a member of the Group Executive
                             Committee for 12 years. Prior to that, she held
                             various corporate finance, M&A and private
                             equity roles at GE Capital Europe and Stonepoint
                             Capital having started her career in investment
                             banking at Baring Brothers and Schroders.

                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              133




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview




                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
                                      Justine Roberts, CBE
                                      Non-Executive Director
                                      Interim Senior Independent Director
                                      Current appointments                                 Contributions and reasons for appointment
                                      • CEO & Founder, Mumsnet.com & Gransnet.com          As CEO of the successful Mumsnet and Gransnet




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                      • Non-Executive Director of The Open                 brands, Justine has strong digital and customer
                                        Data Institute                                     experience insights that she is able to bring to
                                                                                           the Board decision making process. Justine also
                                      • Non-Executive Director of Boring Money
                                                                                           has a strong background in driving change
                                      Background and experience                            through digital capabilities and brings a fresh
                                      Justine founded Mumsnet in 2000 and is               and insightful perspective to the matters
                                      responsible for creation, strategic direction and    for consideration by the Board. Justine is also
                                      overall leadership. In May 2011, Justine founded     an effective member of the Nomination and
                                      Gransnet, a sister site to Mumsnet, for the          Governance Committee and demonstrates full
                                      over-50s. Before that Justine was a freelance        commitment to the role as well as performing




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                                      football and cricket journalist for the Times and    the role of Interim Senior Independent Director.
                                      Daily Telegraph, after working for Warbugs and
                                                                                           Skills
                                      Deutsche Bank as an economist, strategist and
                                      head of South African Equities in New York.

                                      Appointed
                                      Appointed in 2016.




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information


                                      Jean Park                                                                               C
                                      Non-Executive Director
                                      Senior Independent Director
                                      Current appointments                                 Contributions and reasons for appointment
                                      • (The Company announced on 22 February              Jean is an experienced non-executive board
                                        2022 that Jean Park, Non-Executive Director,       member with extensive understanding of
                                        took a temporary medical leave of absence and      risk management and corporate governance.
                                        returned to her role in the second half of 2022)   This knowledge and experience has been
                                                                                           acquired through a variety of senior executive
                                      Background and experience                            and subsequent NED roles with Admiral and
                                      Jean was Group Chief Risk Officer at the Phoenix     other financial services companies and qualifies
                                      Group from 2009 until June 2013, during which        her for Group Board membership and for her
                                      time she held responsibility for the Group’s         roles as Chair of the Group Risk Committee and
                                      relationship with the regulator and founded          Senior Independent Director. Jean continues
                                      the Board Risk Committee. Previously, she was        to demonstrate full commitment to both
                                      Risk Management Director of the Insurance            these roles and, in addition, her membership
                                      and Investments division of Lloyds TSB and,          of the Group Remuneration Committee and
                                      before that, Head of Compliance and Audit            Nomination and Governance Committee.
                                      at Scottish Widows. Jean is a Member of the
                                      Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland.      Skills
                                      Appointed
                                      Appointed in 2014.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
134   Corporate Governance




      Board of Directors
      continued

                             Andy Crossley                                                                                 C
                             Non-Executive Director
                             Current appointments                                 Contributions and reasons for appointment
                             • Chair of EUI Limited (an Admiral                   Andy has held a variety of senior roles relating
                               Group subsidiary)                                  to financial planning, strategy and risk across
                             • Non-Executive Director, member                     UK financial services. He has a wealth of
                               of Remuneration                                    accounting and financial experience and provides
                                                                                  progressive insights to the matters that come
                             • Risk Committee and Chair of Audit Committee
                                                                                  before the Board. Andy is a valuable contributor
                               at Vitality Health Ltd and Senior Independent
                                                                                  to the Board and as a member of the Audit
                               Director of Vitality Life Ltd
                                                                                  Committee and the Group Risk Committee (of
                             • Director of Vitality Corporate Services Ltd        which he is Interim Chair). Through his recent
                                                                                  and relevant financial experience, he is able
                             Background and experience
                                                                                  to effectively challenge management on the
                             Andy was CFO at Domestic & General Group from
                                                                                  financial reporting matters that come before
                             2014 to 2017. He spent 14 years at Prudential
                                                                                  the Audit Committee.
                             Plc from 2000 as Director, Group Finance;
                             Group Chief Risk Officer; and CFO and Deputy         Skills
                             Chief Executive of Prudential UK. He previously
                             held senior manager roles at Legal & General
                             Group Plc, where he was Group Financial
                             Controller, and Lloyds Bank Plc. Andy is a Fellow
                             of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
                             England and Wales.
                             Appointed
                             Appointed in 2018.




                             Jayaprakasa Rangaswami
                             Non-Executive Director
                             Current appointments                                 Appointed
                             • Non-Executive Director of Allfunds Bank SA         Appointed 29 April 2020.
                             • Non-Executive Director of Allfunds Group Plc       Contributions and reasons for appointment
                             • Non-Executive Director of Daily Mail and General   JP brings a wide range of IT skills and digital
                               Trust Plc (DMGT) (now delisted)                    experience which helps to complement and
                             • Non-Executive Director of National Bank of         enhance the existing skills around the Board
                               Greece S.A.                                        table. He has operated in financial services for
                                                                                  over 10 years and understands the challenges
                             • Non-Executive Director of EMIS Group Plc
                                                                                  of working in a regulated environment. He is
                             • Member, Board of Trustees, Cumberland Lodge        also able to effectively contribute to the Board
                             • Member, Board of Trustees, Web Science Trust       debate and demonstrates full commitment to
                                                                                  the role. JP is also a member of the Group Risk
                             Background and experience                            Committee, a role for which he has the relevant
                             Jayaprakasa Rangaswami (JP) has a wealth of          experience and capability.
                             large-scale IT operational experience gained
                             through his roles as Chief Information Officer       Skills
                             (CIO) with Dresdner Kleinwort (2001 to 2006) and
                             Managing Director/Chief Scientist at BT Group
                             (2006 to 2010). JP has also been Chief Scientist
                             with Salesforce (a US cloud-based software
                             company) (2010 to 2014) and was Chief Data
                             Officer (CDO) and Group Head of Innovation
                             with Deutsche Bank (2015 to 2018). He has
                             operated in financial services for over 10 years
                             and understands the challenges of working in a
                             regulated environment. JP is also a former global
                             CIO of the Year as well as European Innovator of
                             the Year.

                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                135




                                                                                                                                                Company Overview




                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
                                      Evelyn Bourke                                                                                        C
                                      Non-Executive Director
                                      Current appointments                                 Contributions and reasons for appointment
                                      • Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Audit         Evelyn brings valuable general management,
                                        Committee and member of the Nomination             finance and strategy experience from
                                        Committee at Marks and Spencer Group Plc           life and health insurance, internationally.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                      • Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Audit         She complements and enhances the range of
                                        Committee, member of the Risk Committee            skills currently on the Board. Evelyn has held
                                        and Sustainability Committee Bank of Ireland       several leadership positions in financial services
                                        Group Plc                                          organisations and has the appropriate skills,
                                                                                           knowledge and experience to perform her roles
                                      • Non-Executive Director, Senior Independent
                                                                                           as Non-Executive Director and Chair of the
                                        Director, member of Audit Committee and Risk
                                                                                           Remuneration Committee.
                                        and Compliance Committee at AJ Bell Plc
                                      • Charity Board Trustee of Ireland Fund for          Skills




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                        Great Britain

                                      Background and experience
                                      Evelyn was Bupa Group’s CFO between 2012
                                      and 2016, before becoming Bupa’s Group Chief
                                      Executive Officer from 2016 to 2020. Evelyn has
                                      held several senior leadership roles during her
                                      career including Chief Commercial Officer at
                                      Friends Life UK (2011 – 2012), CFO at Friends
                                      Provident (2009 – 2010), CFO at Standard Life




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
                                      Assurance (2006 – 2008), and CEO at Chase de
                                      Vere (2004).

                                      Appointed
                                      Appointed on 30 April 2021.




                                      Bill Roberts
                                      Non-Executive Director
                                      Current appointments                                 Contributions and reasons for appointment
                                      • Advisor at Hi Marley                               Bill brings valuable insurance experience and
                                      • Non-Executive Director Elephant Insurance          insight on the US insurance market having
                                        Company, incorporated in Virginia, USA             held several senior Executive positions with US
                                                                                           insurer, GEICO. Bill contributes and challenges
                                      Background and experience                            effectively on the matters that come before the
                                      Bill Roberts has a wealth of insurance,              Board. His extensive US insurance experience
                                      underwriting and marketing experience gained         and insight is of specific value to the Group’s
                                      during his time at US insurer, GEICO, which he       US businesses as they seek to continue to
                                      joined in 1984. Whilst at GEICO, Bill held several   develop and grow. Bill does not currently have
                                      Executive appointments, including COO and            any other Executive or Non-Executive Director
                                      President and CEO for all GEICO Insurance            commitments that would impact the time
                                      Companies, a position he held from 2018 until        commitment requirements for his Admiral
                                      he was promoted to Vice Chair, GEICO Insurance       Non-Executive Director role and member of the
                                      Companies in 2020. Bill held this role until he      Nomination and Governance Committee and has
                                      retired from GEICO in December 2020.                 capacity to fulfil the duties and responsibilities
                                                                                           for these roles.
                                      Appointed
                                      Appointed on 11 June 2021.                           Skills




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
136   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report


      Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code                      Provisions:
      Implementing best practice corporate governance contributes to        Statement of Compliance
      the successful delivery of strategy and is, therefore, important to   The Group complied with the provisions of the Code except for
      the Board. An effective corporate governance framework helps          provision 19, for which there are explanations below.
      the Board and management to deliver the strategy within the
      scope of the relevant legal and regulatory landscapes. It ensures,    Explanations:
      amongst other things, that:                                           Provision 19 of the Code states that ‘The chair should not be in
                                                                            post beyond nine years from the date of their first appointment
      • The Board is composed in an appropriately balanced way              to the board.’ Annette Court was appointed as Board Chair in April
        which promotes diversity and enables it to operate effectively.     2017, having spent five years as a Non-Executive Director of the
        Having appropriate divisions of responsibility between              Board. Annette reached her nine-year tenure as Non-Executive
        Executive and Non-Executive roles provides external challenge       Director on the Board in March 2021. As reported in the Annual
        to the internal view. Similarly, diversity on the Board and at      Reports for the three prior periods, in 2019, the Board considered
        a senior management level avoids groupthink and offers              and agreed, having consulted shareholders, that she should remain
        different perspectives                                              in post as Board Chair for up to three years beyond March 2021,
      • The Board and management maintain two-way relationships             with the expectation that she would serve two years, subject to
        with the Group’s key stakeholders. The Board should act in a way    annual approval by the shareholders. This represents a departure
        which promotes the success of the Company for the benefit of        from the Code for the 2022 financial year.
        its shareholders, but it should also have regard to its other key
                                                                            Provision 19 of the Code goes on to state that ‘To facilitate
        stakeholders when making decisions. It is important that two-
                                                                            effective succession planning and the development of a diverse
        way engagement is maintained to enable key stakeholders to
                                                                            board, this period can be extended for a limited time, particularly
        provide input to the Group’s actions
                                                                            in those cases where the chair was an existing non-executive
      • The Group has a clear purpose and strategy, and that Admiral’s      director on appointment.’ A Chair recruitment process began in
        culture aligns to it. Messaging and tone from the top are crucial   May 2022 to find a successor for Annette as she intends to step
        and should be consistent so that everyone is clear about the        down as Chair of the Board at the AGM in April 2023 and therefore
        goal and, therefore, works towards the same thing                   she will not be seeking re-election.
      • Remuneration is proportionate and supports long-term success,
                                                                            Annette’s re-election was supported by shareholders at the
        therefore, generating the right behaviours and outcomes
                                                                            previous AGM on 28 April 2022 (93.1% votes in favour) and that
      This year, the Annual Report has been structured to better help       her 2022 performance review, led by the SID, concluded that she
      the reader cross-reference the following key sections of the UK       continued to perform effectively as Board Chair, continued to
      Corporate Governance Code 2018 (Code), with the explanations of       exercise objective judgement and promoted constructive
      the Company’s application of the Code principles and compliance       challenge amongst Board members.
      with its provisions falling under the respective sections:
                                                                            The 2022 Board evaluation also concluded that the Board
      • Board leadership and Company purpose (from page 137)                continued to function well, under the leadership of Annette.
      • Division of responsibilities (from page 153)                        In addition, the Board’s composition has continued to be refreshed
                                                                            during 2022 with the appointment of the new Chair.
      • Composition, succession and evaluation (from page 157)
      • Audit, risk and internal control (from page 171)                    Jean Park assumed the role of SID on 1 January 2022, however due
                                                                            to a temporary medical leave of absence, Justine Robert was
      The mechanisms described throughout the Governance Report             appointed the interim SID and, together with the support of
      are intended to demonstrate how the Group’s corporate                 the Board commenced the search for a Board Chair successor
      governance framework contributes to the delivery of the strategy.     during 2022.




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                       137




                                                                                                                                       Company Overview




                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
   Board leadership and Company purpose
   Compliance with the Code Principles
   UK Code
   Principle       Description                                              References
                   A successful company is led by an effective and          • Role of the Board on page 154.
                   entrepreneurial Board, whose role is to promote




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
     Principle                                                              • Stakeholder sections in the Strategic Report:
         A         the long-term sustainable success of the company,
                                                                              – Customers on pages 74 to 76
                   generating value for shareholders and contributing
                   to wider society.                                          – People on pages 77 to 81
                                                                              – Partners and suppliers on pages 82 to 84
                                                                              – Shareholders on pages 85 to 86
                                                                              – Communities on pages 87 to 90
                                                                              – Environment on pages 91 to 94




                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
                                                                            • Board evaluation on page 167

                   The Board should establish the company’s purpose,           • Purpose, values and strategy on pages 6 to 8 and
     Principle     values and strategy, and satisfy itself that these and its    28 to 37 of the Strategic Report
         B         culture are aligned. All directors must act with integrity, • Monitoring and assessing culture on pages 141 – 142
                   lead by example and promote the desired culture.
                                                                               • Role of the Board on page 154

                   The Board should ensure that the necessary resources     • Going concern in the Directors’ Report on page 210




                                                                                                                                       Additional Information
     Principle     are in place for the company to meet its objectives      • Role of the Board on page 154
         C         and measure performance against them. The board
                                                                            • Board evaluation on page 167
                   should also establish a framework of prudent and
                   effective controls, which enable risk to be assessed     • Internal audit in the Audit Committee Report on
                   and managed.                                               page 173
                                                                            • Risk management and internal control systems in
                                                                              the Risk Committee Report on page 174

                   In order for the company to meet its responsibilities    • Stakeholder engagement on pages 74 to 94
     Principle     to shareholders and stakeholders, the board should       • Stakeholder sections in the Strategic Report:
         D         ensure effective engagement with, and encourage
                                                                              – Customers on pages 74 to 76
                   participation from, these parties.
                                                                              – People on pages 77 to 81
                                                                              – Partners and suppliers on pages 82 to 84
                                                                              – Shareholders on pages 85 to 86
                                                                              – Communities on pages 87 to 90

                   The Board should ensure that workforce policies          • Culture on page 140
     Principle     and practices are consistent with the company’s          • Whistleblowing on page 144
         E         values and support its long-term sustainable success.
                                                                            • Whistleblowing in the Audit Committee Report
                   The workforce should be able to raise any matters
                                                                              on page 177
                   of concern.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
138   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

      Meetings and attendance
      Directors are expected to attend all meetings of the Board and the Committees on which they serve and to devote sufficient time to
      the Group to perform their duties. Where Directors are unable to attend meetings, they receive papers for that meeting, giving them
      the opportunity to raise any issues with the Chair in advance of the meeting. The number of scheduled Board meetings and Committee
      meetings, of which they are a member, attended by each Director during 2022 is provided in the table overleaf.
      In addition to the seven scheduled Board meetings held during the year, the following additional meetings were held:
      • In November 2022, one meeting was held to review the new Chair candidate position. Our current Chair, Annette was not involved in
        the new Chair process.
      The Board also delegated authority to a Board Sub-Committee on three occasions during the year to review and approve final drafts of
      announcements and proposals, which had already been considered by the Board or its Committees, on behalf of the Board.
      The Board met in person for all seven of its meetings held during the year, including its strategy meeting (and October Board) which was
      held over three days in the UK.

                                                                                                                                                        Nomination and
                                                                                              Board Sub                                                    Governance          Remuneration
                                                                                             Committee      Audit Committee        Risk Committee          Committee             Committee
                                                                   Board meetings             Meetings             Meetings              meetings            meetings             meetings
      Total Meetings Held                                                        7                    5*                   11                   11                    9                      9
      Annette Court (Chair)                                                    7/7                  4/52                    –                    –                  9/9                      –
      Milena Mondini de Focatiis
      (Chief Executive Officer)                                                7/7                   4/53                 –                     –                     –                     –
      Geraint Jones (Chief Financial Officer)                                  7/7                   5/5                  –                     –                     –                     –
      Karen Green                                                              7/7                   5/5              11/11                  5/58                     –                     –
      Jean Park                                                               4/71                  1/21*                 –                 5/111                  7/91                  4/91
      Justine Roberts                                                          7/7                  1/24*                 –                     –                   9/9                     –
      Andy Crossley                                                            7/7                  1/25*             11/11                 11/11                     –                     –
      Michael Brierley                                                         7/7                   2/2*             11/11                     –                     –                 8/910
      Jayaprakasa (JP) Rangaswami                                              7/7                  1/26*                 –                 11/11                     –                     –
      Evelyn Bourke                                                            7/7                  1/27*                 –                     –                     –                   9/9
      Bill Roberts                                                             7/7                  2/2*                  –                     –                  9/99                     –
      1 Jean Park was unable to attend three Board meetings on 1/2 March 2022, 27/28 April 2022 and 15/16 June 2022; one ad-hoc Board meeting on 21 February 2022, two Risk Committee meetings
         on 7 April and 21 June 2022 and four ad hoc meetings on 16 February 2022, 4 May 2022, 17 May 2022 and 29 July 2022; two Nomination and Governance Committee meetings on 28 April 2022
         and 16 June 2022 and one ad hoc meeting on 11 February 2022 and four Remuneration Committee meetings on 28 February 2022, 7 June 2022, 4 August 2022 and 12 September and one ad hoc
         meeting on 15 March 2022 due to a temporary medical leave of absence
      2 Annette Court did not attend the ad-hoc Board meeting on 30 November 2022 as this meeting was part of the new Chair recruitment process
      3 Milena Mondini was unable to attend one ad hoc meeting of the Board called at short notice on 21 February 2022 following a Nomination & Governance meeting which urgently had to make
         recommendations following news of Jean’s medical leave of absence
      4 Justine Roberts was unable to attend one ad hoc meeting of the Board called at short notice on 21 February 2022 following a Nomination & Governance meeting who urgently had to make
         recommendations following news of Jean’s medical leave of absence
      5 Andy Crossley was unable to attend one ad hoc meeting of the Board called at short notice on 30 November 2022
      6 JP Rangaswami was unable to attend one ad hoc meeting of the Board called at short notice 21 February 2022 following a Nomination & Governance meeting who urgently had to make
         recommendations following news of Jean’s medical leave of absence
      7 Evelyn Bourke was unable to attend one ad hoc meeting of the Board called at short notice 21 February 2022 following a Nomination & Governance meeting who urgently had to make
         recommendations following news of Jean’s medical leave of absence
      8 Karen Green was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee on 1 June 2022
      9 Bill Roberts was appointed as a member of Nomination and Governance Committee on 21 January 2022
      10 Michael Brierley was unable to attend one ad hoc meeting of the Remuneration Committee called at short notice on 27 October 2022
      * The following ad-hoc Board meetings were delegated to the following members only: 2 March, 4 April & 9 August Annette Court, Milena Mondini, Karen Green and Geraint Jones




                                                                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                      139




                                                                                                                                      Company Overview




                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
   Principal areas of focus for the Board in 2022                   Strategy
   Governance                                                       • Review of Group purpose
   • Progress made against the findings arising from the 2021       • Strategy deep dives throughout the year from each
     internal Board evaluation                                        Group business
   • Diversity and inclusion                                        • Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) pricing remedies for the
   • Directors’ duties                                                UK general insurance market




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
   • Group succession planning and talent management                • Brand, technology and digital programme updates
   • Matters reserved for the Board and the Committees’             • Group Strategy Review at the strategy-focused meeting
     respective terms of reference                                    in October, which considered product diversification,
   • BEIS audit and governance reform consultation                    Admiral 2.0 and motor evolution, as well as updates from
                                                                      each Group subsidiary business on their individual strategies
   • New Chair recruitment
                                                                    Regulatory/risk updates
   Stakeholders                                                     • Admiral Internal Model Application Process (AIM) updates
   • Updates from the Chair of the UK Employee Consultation




                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
     Group (ECG)                                                    • Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Report (ORSA) review
   • Updates from the Head of International Insurance on the        • The Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) attended the
     overseas ECG                                                     December 2022 Board meeting
   • Update on culture and people, including Great Place to         • Modern slavery risks in the supply chain
     Work (GPTW) results                                            • Assessment of key external risk factors and lessons learned
   • Updates on diversity and inclusion                               from Covid
   • Updates from Investor Relations                                • Cyber risk updates and crisis management education,
                                                                      including lessons learned




                                                                                                                                      Additional Information
   • Sustainability approach and the delivery against key pledges
   • Stakeholder map and respective stakeholder updates             Operational performance
     throughout the year, including engagement mechanisms           • Impact of the Covid pandemic
   • Regulatory relationships                                       • Hybrid working updates
   • Reinsurance arrangements                                       • IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts training and financial
                                                                      impact assessment
   • Group health and safety, wellbeing and impact of
     remote-working                                                 • Regular trading updates from the Group’s
                                                                      subsidiary businesses
   • Suppliers and partners, including prompt payment practices
                                                                    • Group financial performance and position
   • Overseeing the review of the Group Reward Strategy
                                                                    • The Group’s Five-Year Plan
                                                                    • Dividend considerations



   Principal areas of focus for the Board for 2023                  • Oversee the Group’s diversification strategy.
   • Ensure smooth transition process and support to the            • Oversee embedding of the Group’s agreed Sustainability
     new Chair                                                        strategy and ensure that it becomes integral to the Group’s
   • Ensure that there is a robust selection process for the new      strategy and culture
     Group Risk Committee Chair and other NED roles identified      • Monitor progress against key pledges for Climate Change
     to be required                                                   and community, and key metrics. Submit Science Based
   • Continuing focus on executive team succession planning           Targets to SBTi for approval
   • Ensure diversity and inclusion objectives are embedded         • Continue to deepen the Board’s understanding of external
   • Support the continuous development of Admiral’s                  risk factors
     core competencies                                              • Provide steering and oversight for capital management,
   • Ensure customers continue to be at the front and centre          reinsurance and clear action plan to achieve successful
     of new and incremental changes to improve our service            internal model application process
     to customers                                                   • Oversee the roll-out and evolution of the Group
                                                                      reward strategy




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
140   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

      Culture                                                               The Four Pillars are built into the fabric of our training,
      • It remains important that Admiral’s culture evolves and adapts      communication, policies and the way we do business. During the
        as the business environment changes, but it is even more critical   year, the Board received assurance from management that the
        that those parts of our culture that have been our competitive      Group purpose had been embedded within the operational
        advantage and a key driver of our success to date are fiercely      process and policies and that there continued to be alignment
        protected, especially in continuing periods of change               with its rewards and incentives. The Board recognised that there
                                                                            was evidence of the Group purpose and values having been
      Aligning our culture with our purpose, values, strategy,              embedded in the Group’s policies and practices and requested
      policies and practices                                                that further information on the overall embedding of the Group’s
      • Our culture is strongly aligned to our new Group purpose to         purpose be provided in early 2023.
        ‘Help more people to look after their future. Always striving
        for better, together’. Providing customers with great products      Further information on:
        and services, whilst caring for our people and other important      • What makes Admiral a fun place to work can be found in the
        stakeholders is key to what we do                                     Strategic Report on page 10
      • Although our Group purpose was renewed in January 2022, our         • Communication with our people can be found in the Strategic
        unique workplace culture continues to be reinforced by our Four       Report on page 81
        Pillars of Culture:
                                                                            • Our approach to diversity and inclusion can be found in the
                                                                              Strategic Report on pages 78 to 80 and the Group Nomination
                                                                              and Governance Committee Report on page 158
                                                                            • The Group’s approach to investing in and rewarding its
                       Fun                                                    workforce can be found in the Annual Report on Remuneration
                       We want our people to look forward to
                                                                              on page 196
                       coming to work, celebrate who they are,
                       and feel happy and supported enough                  Guiding and promoting culture (See more about hybrid/
                       to give that little bit extra.                       remote/Smart Working on page 28)
                                                                            Our Directors have a responsibility to act with integrity, lead by
                                                                            example and promote the desired culture. They do so through
                                                                            their everyday interactions, and we also ensure that any policies
                       Communication
                                                                            which apply to the Non-Executive Directors are consistent with
                       We encourage effective and transparent
                                                                            the equivalent policies for the workforce.
                       communication at all levels. This is
                       aided by accessible management and                   There are many initiatives which promote Admiral’s unique culture,
                       opportunities to encourage feedback                  some of which include:
                       across the Group.
                                                                            • A compensation and promotion structure based on meritocracy.
                                                                            • Star lunches where colleagues are recognised for their
                                                                              performance and are invited to attend a lunch with a
                       Equality                                               senior manager
                       We work hard to promote a sense of
                                                                            • Group Top 10 competition in which all departments compete
                       fairness and equality. Everyone has
                                                                              in a highly contested Group-wide competition to present to
                       the opportunity to succeed, backed by
                                                                              a panel of senior managers on a different subject each year
                       groups supporting diversity, inclusion
                                                                              in order to be awarded the best department
                       and social mobility.
                                                                            • Coffee Morning Away Day (CMAD) an annual offsite for
                                                                              senior management
                                                                            • Annual Manager Awards
                       Recognition and reward
                       A job well done should be appropriately              • Local reward and recognition programmes
                       rewarded. At the heart of this pillar is our         • High five feedback programmes where colleagues can submit
                       share ownership scheme, which rewards                  feedback on colleagues across departments who have given
                       success with a stake in the Company.                   great service
                                                                            • Ministry of Fun. Further information can be found on page 10
                                                                              of the Company Overview




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              141




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



• Health and wellbeing initiatives introduced during Covid to           Monitoring and assessing culture


                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
  encourage employees to speak up if they needed support,               People and culture scorecard
  a weekly health and wellbeing bulletin, yoga classes, webinars,       During 2022, work was progressed to update the culture scorecard.
  art classes, amongst many other things                                The scorecard continues to undergo a period of evolution but
• Training/career development                                           provides a good view of the key people and culture metrics in
• Diversity and inclusion working groups and initiatives                order to help management and the Board’s assessments of
                                                                        the overall health of the Group’s culture. It also supports the
• Putting health and safety first, particularly in respect of the




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                        identification of any trends in the evolution of the Group’s
  return to office considerations                                       workforce and culture, including any associated risks which could
• New employee induction workshops on Business and Culture              impact the execution and support of the Group’s strategy.
  at Admiral see page 143
                                                                        The Group continues to view the following people and culture
• Return to in-person team days                                         metrics that are derived from the annual GPTW survey and
                                                                        Admiral’s regular internal pulse surveys as the lead indicators for
                                                                        people and culture at Admiral. The GPTW survey is an external
                                                                        survey which collates anonymised question responses to provide
                                                                        an overall result, as well as departmental results.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
    GPTW Trust Index:       The Trust Index comprises 60 questions from the GPTW survey, that are         2022: 84%
                            stable over time, benchmarked against the Best Companies in each
                                                                                                          2021: 86%
                            market, and highly representative of the overall people sentiment of
                            a positive culture.




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
    GPTW                    The Engagement Index is a specific measure comprising nine questions          2022: 82%
    Engagement              from the GPTW survey relating to willingness to go the extra mile,
                                                                                                          2021: 84%
    Index:                  intention to stay with the business and likelihood of being an employer
                            brand promoter. It is also benchmarked and stable over time and has
                            a proven correlation with business performance. According to the
                            GPTW institute research, the drivers that are most correlated to higher
                            engagement scores are: (i) teamwork, (ii) career development, (iii) values
                            and ethics, (iv) empowerment and accountability, and (v) innovation.

    GPTW Culture Index: The Culture Index is a specific measure comprising of eight questions from 2022: 89%
                        the GPTW survey relating to employee perception of the workplace as
                                                                                                   2021: 90%
                        friendly, fun and welcoming.

    Pulse surveys           Pulse surveys are undertaken four times a year and ask the same questions 86% of our people feel
                            of our people to enable management to track any trends.                   they are well supported by
                                                                                                      their manager*
                                                                                                          86% of our people think we
                                                                                                          are truly customer focused*
                                                                                                          88% of our people think
                                                                                                          that important knowledge
                                                                                                          and information is shared
                                                                                                          with them by their manager*
                                                                                                          92% of our people believe
                                                                                                          Admiral Group is a diverse
                                                                                                          and inclusive employer*
                                                                                                          * Q3 2022 pulse survey results



    Other people            Headcount, gender balance, absence, attrition, recruitment.
    metrics



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
142   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

      Scores continue to be very high across the Group, resulting in        Risk Committee – Risk events that would impact remuneration
      each Group entity being ranked among the Best Places to Work          from a malus and clawback perspective, financial crime and
      in their respective local markets. This demonstrates the strength     misconduct risks.
      and impact of the Admiral culture. Admiral is ranked as the 19th
                                                                            Remuneration Committee – Workforce remuneration policies
      Best Workplace in Europe by Great Place to Work.
                                                                            and assesses their alignment with culture and strategy, risk events
      Pulse survey results in 2022 demonstrated that people at Admiral      reported to it by the Risk Committee under the malus and
      continued to feel well supported by their managers, the majority      clawback framework.
      enjoyed working from home and communication was scored
                                                                            Nomination & Governance Committee – Diversity and inclusion
      highly. Some examples of action taken following comments raised
                                                                            strategy and policies and progress against targets to ensure
      within the pulse surveys are outlined in the Our People section on
                                                                            alignment with the Group’s strategy and values, and succession
      pages 77 to 81 of the Strategic Report.
                                                                            and talent management.
      The Board received an update on the People and Culture Scorecard
                                                                            As well as receiving updates on the Group’s culture at Board
      metrics during the year, including updates on the impact of
                                                                            meetings, the Non-Executive Directors utilise other mechanisms
      remote working on Admiral’s culture and how this risk would
                                                                            to assess and monitor culture, such as attending meetings of
      evolve as the Group moved to a hybrid working model.
                                                                            the UK ECG and Subsidiary Boards and performing site visits
      Management recognised at that time that there were several            across the different entities within the Group, where possible,
      metrics which needed to be closely monitored as a result of the       which enable the Non-Executive Directors to gauge the culture
      culture risks associated with a move to a more permanent model        for themselves during their discussions with a cross-section of
      of hybrid working, including engagement, absence and attrition        colleagues. In 2022, The Board Chair visited L’olivier offices in Paris
      trends, particularly as these metrics had increased back to pre-      and Lille, the Admiral Seguros office in Seville, the Admiral Europe
      Covid levels in the UK, and recruitment, noting that improvements     Compañía de Seguros S.A.U. (AECS) Board meeting in Rome with
      were needed to enhance the Group’s critical capabilities in areas     the ConTe management team and employees, Elephant office in
      such as technology and analytics. The Board also challenged how       Richmond and was accompanied by some of the Non-Executive
      further insights could be gained by tweaking some of the metrics      Directors on those visits.
      and noted that the fun aspect of Admiral’s culture was important
      to Admiral people. Further information on the Group’s transition to
      hybrid working can be found in the Strategic Report on page 28.
      Other tools
      In addition to employee participation in regular monthly surveys
      and the annual GPTW survey, there are several other mechanisms
      used by the Group and the Board to monitor and assess culture.
      For example, culture audits conducted by the internal audit
      function; ‘Meet the Manager’ meetings; the ‘Ask Milena’ scheme;
      regular online manager chats; ECG meetings; mandatory training
      completion rates; health and safety data; whistleblowing and
      grievances; and customer net promoter score (NPS).
      All are felt to be valuable methods of capturing the mood of our
      people and to gauge the health of our culture.
      The Board Committees also help the Board monitor and assess
      culture through their respective responsibilities, some examples
      of which are highlighted below.
      Audit Committee – Whistleblowing, Internal Audit, Group
      Minimum Standards.




                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                   143




                                                                                                                                   Company Overview




                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
   Onboarding of new employees in a remote environment and protecting our culture
   Following the initial national Covid lockdowns, Admiral introduced a new element to its induction for those joining remotely
   who had secured roles within the support functions of the business, who otherwise would not have had the four-week induction
   that our customer-facing colleagues complete, in order to safeguard its unique culture. The business and culture induction is
   a six hour programme covering the basics of our core values, culture and purpose and includes the following modules:

                    Welcome to Admiral




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
      Module        • How Admiral built its business back in 1993 to become a FTSE 100 company
        1           • What brands we use to sell our product
                    • Admiral’s purpose statement


                    Building our Business
      Module        • Admiral Group’s business model
        2           • Admiral’s goals for 2022




                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                    Introduction to the Insurance Industry
      Module        • The basics of the UK insurance market
        3           • Understanding the governing bodies within UK insurance
                    • Principles of insurance




                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
                    Learning about Admiral’s Products & Services
      Module        • Our products and services
        4           • Reviewing our online websites and conducting customer research



                    Upholding Our Culture at Admiral
      Module        • How every employee can uphold Admiral’s unique culture moving into the future
        5           • Admiral’s four pillars of culture



                    Personal Development at Admiral
      Module        • How Admiral can look after your future through training and development
        6           • Registering for Admiral’s internal talent bank



                    Award Winning Culture & Core Competencies
      Module        • How to implement Admiral’s core competencies into your role
        7           • Admiral’s corporate responsibility report




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
144   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

      Whistleblowing                                                         The SID has specific responsibility to be available to investors
      The Board has in place arrangements by which employees can raise       who have any issues or concerns, and in cases where contact with
      concerns in confidence and, if necessary, anonymously. During the      the Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has
      year, the Board received an update on the Group’s whistleblowing       either failed to resolve their concerns, or where such contact
      arrangements from the management team. The Audit Committee,            is inappropriate. No such concerns have been raised in the year
      chaired by the Group’s Whistleblowing Champion, Karen Green,           under review.
      was satisfied that the update was proportionate for independent
                                                                             All shareholders are invited to attend the Company’s Annual
      investigation of the matters raised and supported an ethical
                                                                             General Meeting (AGM) in person. The 2022 AGM went ahead
      business culture where colleagues felt safe raising concerns.
                                                                             with the required quorum and the Board and Shareholders were
      In addition, and on an exceptions basis, the Board is updated in
                                                                             invited to attend in person. Shareholders were able to vote on the
      respect of reports arising from matters that have been raised by
                                                                             important customary annual business and encouraged to submit
      our people under the Whistleblowing Policy. The Audit Committee
                                                                             questions to the Board in advance of the AGM.
      receives more regular updates in respect of whistleblowing
      matters. Please see page 177 for further information.                  The Chairs of the Audit, Remuneration, Nomination and Governance,
                                                                             and Group Risk Committees usually attend the AGM along with the
      Stakeholder engagement                                                 other Directors and are available to answer shareholders’ questions
      During the year, the Board has continued to focus on ensuring          on the activities of the Committees they chair. Shareholders are
      effective engagement with its stakeholders and that their interests    also invited to ask questions during the meeting and have an
      are taken into account in its decision-making. Detailed information    opportunity to meet with Directors after the formal business
      is set out in the Strategic Report on page 112 outlining how the       of the meeting has been concluded, or in advance, if there are
      Board has discharged its duties under s172(1) of the Companies Act,    restrictions in place on public gatherings. Details of proxy voting
      including further information on the ECG, which constitutes a formal   by shareholders, including votes withheld, are made available
      workforce advisory panel under the Code.                               on request and are placed on the Company’s website following
      Communication and interaction with shareholders remain very            the meeting.
      important and engagement with them occurs on a regular                 The Group maintains a corporate website (www.admiralgroup.co.uk)
      basis. Open and frequent dialogue with investors enables               containing a wide range of information of interest to institutional
      them to fully understand the Group’s strategy, objectives and          and private investors. The major shareholders of the Company are
      governance. The Investor Relations team has day-to-day primary         listed in the Directors’ Report on page 210.
      responsibility for managing communications with institutional
      shareholders through a combination of briefings to analysts and        The regular channels of communication with both the FCA and
      institutional shareholders, both at the half-year and full-year        PRA that existed throughout the year were supplemented by
      results and on other occasions such as roadshows and conferences.      the regulators being invited to attend Board meetings in 2022.
      Meetings, briefings and conferences with investors have taken          The PRA attended the Board remotely in December 2022,
      place both in-person and virtually. The Capital Markets Day on         which gave the Board an opportunity to hear directly their views.
      IFRS 17 was held on 28 November 2022.                                  The Board is also kept up to date with the regular communications
                                                                             between the AIGL Board and the Gibraltar Financial Services
      In addition, the Chair, interim Senior Independent Director            Commission as well as contact between the Group’s other
      (SID) and Group CEO held meetings during the year with major           insurance subsidiaries and respective regulators.
      shareholders to understand their views on governance and
      performance against strategy and reported to the Board on
      any significant issues raised with them.
      This is supplemented by feedback to the Board on meetings
      between management and investors. The Investor Relations
      team also regularly produces a report on their activities in
      the previous quarter which is circulated to the Board for their
      consideration. The Report contains an analysis of share price
      performance; a summary of analyst reports received during the
      month and of meetings that have been held with investors and
      analysts; together with details of any significant changes to the
      shareholders’ register.




                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                    145




                                                                                                                                    Company Overview




                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
    Employee Consultation Group                                     Non-Executive Directors are invited to attend ECG meetings
    Purpose                                                         on a rotational basis and report back to the Board on matters
    The Board recognises the importance of engaging with its        discussed, as well as actions agreed at the ECG meeting.
    workforce and does so through a combination of informal         Taking this approach ensures that each of the Non-Executive
    and formal channels. To ensure a two-way communication          Directors can engage with the workforce directly and
    platform and an effective means by which the views of the       hear first-hand the issues and matters that are affecting




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
    workforce can be heard, the Board established a UK Employee     the workforce.
    Consultation Group (ECG) in 2019 with the aim of enhancing
    and formalising its pre-existing employee engagement            To ensure that the meetings remain a two-way mechanism,
    arrangements. For the purposes of Provision 5 of the UK         Non-Executive Directors are also asked to comment on
    Corporate Governance Code, the ECG is a formal workforce        any insights from the ECG meetings at the following Board
    advisory panel.                                                 meeting and the Chair of the UK ECG is regularly invited to
                                                                    attend Board meetings to report on matters discussed by the
    Membership and attendance                                       ECG and any areas of concern. Minutes of the ECG meetings
    Membership of the UK ECG comprises elected colleague            are also published on the intranet for all employees to view.




                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
    representatives and the remit of the ECG is to act as a forum   Non-Executive Directors also provide an update at ECG
    for employee consultation, gathering colleague opinion and      meetings on recent matters discussed by the Board.
    fostering a safe environment to raise matters of interest
    and generate ideas. There is a democratic member election
    process and members are provided with an induction to
    ensure that there is clarity about the role and remit of the
    ECG, as well as their role as members.




                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
                                                      Agenda topics influenced
                                                     by our people and upcoming
                                                            Board agenda



                                                                         Meet and discuss views of our people
                    Feedback from the Board
                                                                          on topics and rotating NED shares
                    provided by the ECG Chair
                                                                                    Board insights




                                                    Summary of meeting provided
                                                       to Board by ECG Chair




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
146   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

         Summary of meetings provided to Board by ECG Chair
         There were four ECG meetings during 2022 with a range of topics discussed, including themes of pay and reward, the cost of living,
         and Smart Working. Presentations on the following topics were also given to the ECG before they were discussed by the Board:
         Meeting                Presentations and topics discussed   Outcome / impact
         April 2022             Customer Outcomes                    The ECG was updated on Admiral’s approach to delivering excellent
                                                                     customer service and delivering fair outcomes.
                                Community Strategy                   Focus was given to developing new initiatives such as the employability
                                                                     program and adapting the existing approach to volunteering.
                                Pay, benefits and cost               The ECG were updated on the remuneration package review and
                                of living support                    discussed how Admiral could support its staff regarding the increase in
                                                                     energy costs.
         June 2022              Pet Insurance                        Colleagues were excited about the launch of Pet Insurance and Admiral’s
                                                                     commitment to offering a diverse range of products. Staff were pleased
                                                                     to hear about the promotion of new roles across Pet and its positive
                                                                     impact on business growth.
                                Climate Change                       The ECG debated how staff could make a positive contribution towards
                                                                     carbon footprint reduction projects and how to promote them to all
                                                                     employees across the business.
                                Pay / Benefits and Return            Staff discussed making job role advertisements more transparent
                                to Office                            and the importance on health and wellbeing for the return to the
                                                                     office. Staff gave positive feedback on the announcement of a new
                                                                     reward package.
         October 2022           ECG Periodic Review                  The Board was presented with a periodic review of the efficacy
                                                                     and makeup of the ECG. A feedback session was also held with
                                                                     representatives across the business.
                                                                     The review set out several recommendations including more engaging
                                                                     methods of communication such as drop-in sessions and video updates
                                                                     to help promote awareness of the ECG.
         December 2022          UK Insurance Strategy                The ECG discussed the impact of price increases and claims inflation.
                                                                     The ECG received an update on structural changes within the digital and
                                                                     operations teams.



      The Board continues to believe that, whilst recognising that the         During 2022, a new Chair of the ECG was appointed following the
      mechanism will evolve over time, the operation of the ECG has            retirement of the inaugural Chair, Stuart Morgan who was also
      been and continues to be an effective means of engaging with the         Group Head of Talent. Alan Patefield-Smith, the UK Chief Technology
      workforce, to help the Board understand the matters that concern         Officer, was appointed in April 2022. Following Alan’s appointment,
      the workforce and their specific interests, whilst having regard         employees were invited to join the Group via a nomination and
      to these in the decisions that are made at Board level. The Board        voting process, and applicants were decided upon by colleagues.
      will ensure that the ECG continues to develop as an effective,           The growing ECG forum remains focused on important issues
      formal workforce advisory panel and that regular interaction             such as remuneration, performance management and appraisal
      between the Board and the ECG is maintained.                             processes, ideas to improve engagement, morale, attrition and
                                                                               absence, proposals to support mental health and wellbeing, staff
                                                                               survey results, and improving diversity.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                           147




                                                                                                                                           Company Overview




                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
   International Employee Consultation Group (IECG)
   During 2022, an International Employee Consultation Group was formalised, under the direction of Costantino Moretti, Head of
   International Insurance.
   This year, four IECG meetings took place in person across the international offices of ConTe, L’olivier, Admiral Seguros and Elephant
   alongside the Admiral Europe Compania de Seguros (AECS) Board meetings. The meetings were attended by candidates chosen
   on a voluntary basis, with an agenda created to incorporate employee interests, questions and proposals.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
   Entity/Meeting               Topics discussed                       Outcome / impact
   ConTe/                       Communication relating                 Employees provided positive feedback on the communication
   June 2022                    to transformation                      received regarding transformation plans, particularly relating
                                                                       to product and channel transformation.
                                What worked well in 2022               Attendees agreed that increased engagement via team
                                                                       meetings and updates helped employees feel better
                                                                       connected and aligned.
                                What could be improved/ lessons        New hires commented that remote onboarding was




                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
                                learnt in 2022                         sometimes a difficult and slow process and suggested that
                                                                       onboarding was more efficient and personal when face-
                                                                       to‑face.
   L’olivier/                   Staff engagement and                   Attendees discussed the impact of remote working on
   November 2022                sense of belonging                     culture and recognised that it was sometimes more
                                                                       challenging to engage employees remotely. The meeting
                                                                       suggested new tools and practices to get employees
                                                                       more involved.




                                                                                                                                           Additional Information
                                New trends                             Employees presented their thoughts on the 4-day workweek.
                                Transition to Agile                    Employees outlined the impacts of the transition to Agile
                                                                       upon their teams.
                                Progress in Diversity and Inclusion    Employees celebrated Admiral’s commitment to D&I, and the
                                                                       success of female representation.
   Admiral Seguros/             Scaled Agile transformation            Employees discussed the success of the agile transformation,
   September 2022                                                      and the enthusiasm for change.
                                Inflation                              Members discussed worries about inflation and highlighted
                                                                       how salary adjustments could help employees.
                                Admiral Culture                        Employees shared thoughts on how they felt Admiral culture
                                                                       was evolving.
                                Test & Learn Culture                   Members discussed how teams are encouraged to follow a
                                                                       test and learn culture.
   Elephant/                    Diversity and Inclusion                Employees highlighted that generally, they feel actions on
   August 2022                                                         gender diversity are well addressed, and that improvements
                                                                       relating to ethnicity and racial diversity are improving and
                                                                       remain a focus area.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
148   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued


         s172                               Principal Decision #1
                                            Cost of Living Response
         Principal
         Decisions
           Customer          People




                                        Our distinctive culture and focus on ‘The Team, The Team,
                                        The Team’ has always been a powerful source of competitive
           Society           Business   advantage. Admiral takes great pride in looking after colleagues
                                        and helping them to look after their future. We aim to support
                                        our employees with competitive reward structures, in addition
                                        to health and wellbeing practices.
                                        Against the backdrop of a challenging macroeconomic
                                        environment in 2022, management recognised that employees
                                        were becoming increasingly impacted by an unprecedented cost
                                        of living crisis. As a result, our People Services department engaged
                                        in several feedback and engagement activities to discover how
                                        the business could understand and respond to growing pressures
                                        faced by employees. Activities undertaken included competitor
                                        benchmarking, collecting feedback from surveys1 and noting
                                        recommendations from employee consultation groups in the
                                        UK and international offices.
                                        In July 2022, the management team presented several insights
                                        gained from internal data relating attrition rates and cost
                                        modelling to the EUI Board, along with a set of recommendations
                                        to revise the employee value proposition considering the cost-of-
                                        living crisis.
                                        In October 2022, the Group Board received feedback from
                                        the UK Employee Consultation Group (ECG) relating to how
                                        Admiral could support employees with the rising cost of energy.
                                        The International Employee Consultation Group (IECG) also
                                        shared how employees at Admiral Seguros were concerned
                                        about the impact of inflation on salaries. The Group Board
                                        discussed additional compensation measures that would further
                                        align the employee value proposition with Group purpose:
                                        ‘Help more people to look after their future. Always striving for
                                        better together.’
                                        1 Great Place to Work Survey, and Pulse Surveys




                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                         149




                                                                                                                                         Company Overview



Timeline


                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
                                                                      Principal Decision #2
           July                                                       Group Diversification
           • A series of measures to respond to
             the cost-of-living crisis were presented
                                                                      Strategy
             to the EUI Board




           September                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
           • Admiral increased starting salaries for
             all UK based employees, whilst increasing
             the minimum annual salary for full time




                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
             employees. Holiday allocations and
             entitlements were also increased
           • Plans for salary adjustments in the
             international offices were also drafted               Diversification by being less dependent on a particular business
             following an AECS Board meeting and                   sector or geography is one of the key pillars that underpins the
             feedback from employees                               Group’s strategy. The strategy is reviewed and refreshed by the
                                                                   Board annually to ensure the Group accelerates on priority areas
                                                                   and, if necessary, launches new products that are aligned to the
                                                                   diversification objectives, and which are designed to ensure




                                                                                                                                         Additional Information
                                                                   sustainable future growth for the Group. As a customer centric
                                                                   organisation, we also seek to create products that provide more
           October                                                 people with good financial services products.
           • Admiral Group Board discussed
             financial measures to further support                 At the Group Board Strategy sessions in October 2022, the
             employees and heard from the Employee                 Group Board considered and approved the Group’s refreshed
             Consultation Groups                                   diversification strategy and its alignment with the Group purpose:
                                                                   ‘Help more people to look after their future. Always striving for
                                                                   better together.’ As part of the strategy session, the Group Board
                                                                   considered the Group’s long-term strategy of continuing to focus
                                                                   on customer needs and fully understanding what customers
                                                                   wanted so that products could be built to meet their needs and to
           October, November, December                             enable the Group to maintain competitive advantage in the long
           • Cost of living payments were implemented              term. The Board focused not only on the market share of existing
             in the UK                                             products, but also on expanding across different markets, different
           • Standard working hours were revised                   jurisdictions, diversifying distribution channels and launching
             and shortened without reducing salaries,              different products to achieve ‘true diversification’ outside
             with a package of changes equating to a               of insurance.
             10% salary increase for many in the UK
           • Similar salary adjustments and bonuses
             were implemented for colleagues working
             in Italy, France and Spain



Throughout the year, the management team considered how
additional payments would affect Admiral’s stakeholders,
including the financial impact on group profit and possible
challenges from shareholders. Ultimately the business considered
threats of attrition and recruitment challenges and concluded
that an adequate response to the cost-of-living crisis was
consistent with and supportive of the Group’s long-term success.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
150   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

      In support of the Group’s diversification strategy, the Board          In 2022, our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) team undertook
      considered the launch of an enhanced Pet insurance product in          several feedback and engagement activities with key stakeholders
      the UK which was intended to capitalise on the materiality of          to better understand the scope and impacts of our charitable and
      the overall Pet insurance market, and which was to be offered to       volunteering propositions. The findings recognised many strengths
      customers at a competitive price with a simplified, digitised claims   of the approach, but also noted that an overarching objective was
      process for both customers and vets alike. The Board has been          hard to identify and communicate, and that the ability to measure
      updated in parallel on the progress of the launch of Pet insurance     impacts was relatively weak.
      in Italy which was launched in 2021 with continued progress during
                                                                             To represent the perspectives of all stakeholders potentially
      2022. The Board also reviewed the launch of loan products in Italy
                                                                             impacted by changes to our long-standing community approach,
      during 2022 in the context of whether they were aligned with the
                                                                             findings and recommendations were circulated with the following
      diversification goals that had been set by the Board.
                                                                             groups for consideration and comments:
      In December 2022, the Group Board had a deep dive on the
                                                                             • Employee Consultation Group – Colleagues representing UK
      progress of the Group’s Diversification strategy and outline of the
                                                                               business areas
      ambition for 2023. The Board challenged management on the
      progress of the strategy and the progress of the diversification       • Social Mobility Forum – Colleagues covering all UK entities
      products that had been launched and were satisfied that they           • People Services International – Human resources colleagues
      were aligned with the Group’s strategy to capitalise on the              from across the Group’s international businesses
      Admiral brand, the existing motor book and core competencies           • Admiral Leaders Offsite (ALO) – A group of our most senior
      to accelerate diversification and increase customer lifetime value.      leaders including our International CEOs
      The deep dive assured the Board that the Group diversification
                                                                             • Admiral Business Club – Senior managers from across UK entities
      strategy remains focused on the core elements of service and
      value, to support better customer experiences.                         • International Insurance Group – Senior international leaders
                                                                               across the Group
                                                                             Consequently, a proposal for the revised Community Outreach
         Principal Decision #3                                               program evolved, with an overarching purpose of ‘helping as
                                                                             many people into jobs as possible’ and was presented to the
         Changes to our                                                      Group Board in October 2022. The proposal included volunteering
         Community Outreach                                                  targets presented as ‘impact hours’, that would not only support
                                                                             communities, but also contribute to teambuilding and colleagues
         Programme                                                           building networks in and outside of the business. The proposal
                                                                             also outlined plans to help support thousands of people into
                                                                             employment each year.
                                                                             In November 2022, the EUI Board considered the proposal in the
                                                                             context of it being of benefit to the communities in which we
                                                                             operate. Management agreed that the approach would allow
                                                                             Admiral to demonstrate a clearer set of community objectives,
                                                                             with metrics to report against. The Community strategy was
                                                                             considered aligned with the Group Purpose of ‘Helping more
                                                                             people look after their future. Always striving for better, together.’
                                                                             For 2023, Admiral has a robust long term community plan,
                                                                             with performance metrics that can be shared both internally,
      Giving back to our communities is an integral part of our              and externally. As the strategy is embedded across the Group,
      company culture. Our people play a key role in how we engage           the CSR team will closely monitor partnerships and investments,
      with our communities, and we work collectively to drive long-term      the volume of people we can impact and support into
      change in the various communities in which the Group operates.         employment, colleague engagement, and the number of hours
      Admiral is known for being a generous partner of community             spent volunteering in our communities. The Group Board will
      charity initiatives and has historically supported many causes,        continue to monitor the targets set as part of the new community
      both financially and in terms of people resource. Our people           strategy to ensure that the strategy continues to provide
      have a voice in decisions made, and the freedom to volunteer           measurable value and support to the communities in which
      two days of their time a year, fully paid, at any community            we operate.
      initiative or charity important to them. We believe that doing
      good helps colleagues to feel good and aligns with our purpose
      ‘always striving for better, together.’




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                               151




                                                                                                                                               Company Overview



                                                                          FCA remedies


                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
   Principal Decision #4                                                  The FCA published a Policy Statement on 28 May 2021 which
                                                                          implemented a package of remedies to address the issues
   Regulatory Decisions                                                   identified in its general insurance pricing practices market study
                                                                          final report. The FCA introduced a ‘pricing remedy’, which means
                                                                          firms must now offer a renewal price to a consumer that is no
                                                                          greater than the equivalent new business price offered to a new
                                                                          customer; enhancements to product governance; rules to offer




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                          a range of accessible and easy options for consumers who want
                                                                          to cancel auto renewal contracts and reporting requirements for
                                                                          home and motor insurance markets. The pricing remedy applies
                                                                          to firms operating in the home and motor insurance markets,
                                                                          with an implementation date of 1st January 2022. From 1 January
                                                                          2022, if the pricing remedy is not implemented, firms will be
                                                                          expected to remediate and redress any customers affected.
                                                                          The Group Board received an update in January 2022 confirming




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                                                          that the business had met the regulatory deadlines, and the
                                                                          new auto-renewal options were introduced successfully in late
                                                                          December 2021. Significant work has been undertaken to optimise
IFRS 17/FCA Remedies                                                      the auto-renewal process across the customer journey to mitigate
IFRS 17                                                                   any impact on retention and improve the customer experience.
In May 2017, the International Accounting Standards Board issued          The business provides customers with the ability to opt out during
a new standard for insurance contracts, IFRS 17, effective from           the quote journey and prior to the conclusion of a sale.
1 January 2023. IFRS 17 establishes the principles for the recognition,




                                                                                                                                               Additional Information
measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts
and requires companies to measure insurance contracts using
updated estimates and assumptions that reflect the timing of
cash flows and any uncertainty relating to insurance contracts.
The requirements will provide transparent reporting about a
company’s financial position and risk. The new standards apply to
the Group and its insurance subsidiaries in the UK and Gibraltar.
During 2022, the Group Board and all impacted subsidiaries
approved the business transition plans for the new standard
and progress on its implementation has been monitored closely
by the Group and subsidiary Audit Committees throughout
2022. The Board welcomes the new reporting standard and the
opportunity to provide enhanced disclosures in respect of claims
reserves. The Group Board will report under IFRS 17 for the first
time at Admiral’s 2023 interim results, in August 2023.
In November 2022, a presentation was delivered to analysts
and investors to outline reporting changes. The presentation
was delivered by the Director of Group Finance & Chief Actuary
and IFRS 17 Accounting Lead and attended by over 20 market
participants, who had the opportunity to ask about the impact
on Group strategy, solvency, dividend policy and cash generation.
A successful implementation is anticipated in Q1 2023.

     Further details can be found in Audit
     Committee Report on page 171




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
152   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

                                                                          H&S conducted a comprehensive market wide search and identified
                                                                          40 potential candidates who were felt to have a potential good
         Principal Decision #5                                            fit with the role specification and with Admiral in general.
         New Chair Appointment                                            Six candidates met with members of the Committee and other
                                                                          senior management including in-person meetings with the CEO.
                                                                          Following meetings with the full Board and a series of
                                                                          presentations from the final short listed candidates, Mike Rogers
                                                                          was identified as the preferred candiate. The recommendation of
                                                                          Mike to be appointed as Chair of the Board was based on Mike’s
                                                                          wide business, insurance and financial services knowledge and
                                                                          experience and someone who would make a strong strategic
                                                                          impact on the future of Admiral.
                                                                          The Board’s preliminary decision on 8 December 2022 was to
                                                                          accept the Committee’s recommendation to appoint Mike as Chair
                                                                          of the Board subject to regulatory approval and to agreement of
                                                                          contractual terms between Mike and Admiral. The Board finally
                                                                          approved and announced Mike’s appointment on 31 January 2023
                                                                          and Mike will join the Board as a non-executive Director and Chair
                                                                          with effect from the conclusion of this year’s AGM on 27 April
      As a result of Annette stepping down as Chair of the Board          subject to regulatory and shareholder approval.
      following the AGM in April 2023, the Board needed to identify,           Read more in our Nomination and Governance Committee Report
      select and appoint a new Chair. Justine Roberts, as interim              on page 158 for detailed explanation of the process
      Senior Interim Director (SID) following Jean Park’s medical
      leave of absence, led the Chair succession process on behalf of
      the Nomination and Governance Committee (“Committee”).
      The Committee was responsible for nominating and
      recommending a candidate for consideration and approval in
      principle by the Board, subject to regulatory approval, and to
      contractual terms being agreed between the candidate
      and Admiral.
      Heidrick & Struggles (H&S), an external search firm, was retained
      to support the search and Chair selection process. In May and
      June 2022, H&S engaged with the Board, the senior management
      team and the co-founders of Admiral to seek input on the role
      requirement and profile. These meetings were conducted in
      person and virtually and, on the basis of the conversations that
      took place, a role specification was approved.




                                                                                            Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                       153




                                                                                                                                       Company Overview




                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
   Division of responsibilities
   Compliance with the Code Principles
   UK Code
   Principle         Description                                               References
                     The Chair leads the Board and is responsible for          • Role of the Chair on page 159
                     its overall effectiveness in directing the company.




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
     Principle                                                                 • Code explanation for Provision 19 on page 136
         F           They should demonstrate objective judgement
                                                                               • Individual Director evaluation on page 169
                     throughout their tenure and promote a culture
                     of openness and debate. In addition, the Chair            • Board evaluation on pages 167 to 169
                     facilitates constructive Board relations and the          • Information flows to and from the Board on page 155
                     effective contribution of all non-executive directors,
                     and ensures that directors receive accurate, timely and
                     clear information.




                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
                     The Board should include an appropriate combination       • Board composition and succession planning on
     Principle       of executive and non-executive (and in particular,          page 167
         G           independent non-executive) directors, such that           • Code explanation for Provision 19 on page 136
                     no one individual or small group of individuals
                                                                               • Board evaluation on pages 167 to 169
                     dominates the Board’s decision-making. There should
                     be a clear division of responsibilities between the       • Board roles and responsibilities on page 154
                     leadership of the Board and the executive leadership
                     of the company’s business.




                                                                                                                                       Additional Information
                     Non-executive directors should have sufficient time       • Time commitment and external appointments on
     Principle       to meet their responsibilities. They should provide         page 163
         H           constructive challenge, strategic guidance, offer         • Board biographies (for external commitments) on
                     specialist advice and hold management to account            pages 130 to 135
                                                                               • Board evaluation on pages 167 to 169

                     The Board, supported by the company secretary,            • Information flows to and from the Board on page 155
     Principle       should ensure that it has the policies, processes,        • Board evaluation on pages 167 to 169
         I           information, time and resources it needs in order
                     to function effectively and efficiently.




                                                             Group Board




                                               Nomination &                                                   Remuneration
               Audit Committee                                                 Risk Committee
                                                Governance                                                     committee




                                                     Executive Management


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
154   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

      Board roles and responsibilities
      The Chair is primarily responsible for leading the Board, setting its agenda, promoting a culture of openness and debate and monitoring
      its effectiveness. The Chair is supported by the SID, who acts as a sounding board and serves as an intermediary for the other Directors
      if required. Neither are involved in the day-to-day management of the Group. Save for the matters reserved for the Board, the Chief
      Executive Officer (with the support of the Executive Directors and the senior executives) is responsible for proposing the strategy to be
      adopted by the Group, running the business in accordance with the strategy agreed by the Board and implementing Board decisions.
      It is the Non-Executive Directors’ role to provide constructive challenge, strategic guidance, offer their respective specialist advice and
      hold management to account.
      The Board has approved a statement that sets out the clear division of responsibilities between the Chair, Chief Executive Officer and SID.
      This and matters reserved for decision by the Board are reviewed annually.



         Chair                                         Senior Independent Director                  Chief Executive Officer
         • Runs the Board and sets its agenda,         • Supports the Chair in the delivery of      • Runs the Group’s business and delivers
           with an emphasis on strategic issues          their objectives                             its commercial objectives
         • Ensures the Board has effective             • Acts as a sounding board for the Chair     • Proposes and develops the Group’s
           decision‑making processes,                    and serves as an intermediary for the        strategy, in close consultation with the
           demonstrating objective judgement             other Directors                              Group’s senior management, the Chair
           and applying sufficient challenge         • Available to shareholders if they have         and the Board
           to proposals                                concerns that cannot be resolved             • Implements the decisions of the Board
         • Facilitates constructive Board relations,   through the normal channels                    and its Committees
           including effective contribution from     • Works with the Chair and other               • Ensures operational policies and
           Non-Executive Directors                     Directors/ shareholders to resolve             practices drive appropriate behaviour,
         • Ensures the Board has an appropriate          significant issues where necessary           in line with the Group’s culture
           balance of skills, knowledge,               • Leads the annual performance               • Leads the communication
           experience and diversity                      evaluation of the Chair                      programme with key stakeholders,
         • Leads the induction and development         • Leads the Chair appointment process          including employees
           plans for new and existing                                                               • Ensures management provides the
           Board members                                                                              Board with appropriate information
         • Communicates with major shareholders                                                       and necessary resources
           and ensures the Board understands
           their views
         • Ensures the Board receives accurate,
           timely and clear information
         • Leads the annual Board evaluation



      Role of the Board
      The Board is responsible for promoting the long-term, sustainable success of the Group, generating value for shareholders and contributing
      to the wider society and its shareholders. The Board is the principal decision-making forum for the Group, providing entrepreneurial
      leadership, both directly and through its Committees, and delegating authority to the Executive team.
      The Board has determined the Group’s purpose which represents its values and strategy and is satisfied that it is aligned with the culture
      of the Group. Part of the Board’s role is to promote the Group’s culture and, in particular, ensure that its uniqueness is safeguarded in such
      times of change.
      The Board is responsible for organising and directing the affairs of the Group in a manner that generates and preserves value over the
      long term. Through the strong governance framework that it has in place, the Board is able to deliver on its strategy of providing strong
      sustainable financial and operational performance. The Board is also accountable for ensuring that in carrying out its duties, the Group’s
      legal and regulatory obligations are being met; and for ensuring that it operates within appropriate risk parameters.
      The Group’s UK-regulated entities are accountable to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Prudential Regulatory Authority
      (PRA) for ensuring compliance with the Group’s UK regulatory obligations and that dealings with the FCA and PRA are handled in a
      constructive, co-operative and transparent manner. Similar provisions apply in respect of the Group’s international businesses with regard
      to the relevant regulatory authorities, such as the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission and Dirección General de Seguros y Fondos de
      Pensiones in Spain.


                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              155




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



Matters reserved to the Board                                         Directors are fully informed of all Committee matters by the



                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
The Board has adopted a formal schedule of matters reserved           Committee Chairs reporting on the proceedings of their Committee
for the Board’s consideration. This is monitored by the Company       at the subsequent Board meeting. Copies of Committee minutes
Secretary and reviewed by the Board on an annual basis.               are also distributed to the Board. Committees are authorised to
Specific matters reserved to the Board include the approval of:       obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice if
                                                                      they consider it necessary. The Chair of each Committee attends the
• The Group’s long-term objectives and corporate strategy.
                                                                      Annual General Meeting to respond to any shareholder questions
• Operating and capital budgets, financial results, and any           that might be raised on the Committee’s activities. An evaluation of




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
  significant changes to accounting practices or policies             the performance of each Committee against the duties set out in
• The Group’s capital structure                                       each Terms of Reference is carried out annually.
• Results and financial reporting                                     Group conflicts of interest
• The system of internal control and risk management.                 In compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006
• The Group’s overall risk appetite                                   regarding Directors’ duties in relation to conflicts of interest,
                                                                      the Group’s Articles of Association allow the Board to authorise
• Changes to the structure, size and composition of the Board,
                                                                      potential conflicts of interest that may arise and to impose such
  including new appointments
                                                                      limits as it thinks fit. The Group has a Conflicts of Interest Policy




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
• Succession plans for the Board and senior management.               which deals with conflicts of interest, and this was reviewed and
• Dividend policy and proposals for dividend payments                 approved by the Board in October 2022. The Policy sets out the
• Major acquisitions, disposals, and other transactions outside       process and procedure by which the Board manages potential
  delegated limits                                                    conflicts of interest that may arise at Board level, within Board
                                                                      Committees, and within the Group’s Subsidiary Boards.
• The annual review of its own performance and that of its
                                                                      Following this review, the Board concluded that the process
  Board Committees
                                                                      continued to operate effectively.
• Annual review of selected Group policies
                                                                      In addition, each Board member is asked to complete, annually,




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
• The review of the Group’s overall corporate
                                                                      a conflicts of interest questionnaire that sets out any situation
  governance arrangements
                                                                      in which they, or their connected persons, have, or could have,
Board Committees                                                      a direct or indirect interest that could conflict with the interests
The Board has delegated authority to several permanent                of the Company. Any current directorships that they, or their
Committees to deal with matters in accordance with written            connected persons hold, any advisory roles or trusteeships held,
Terms of Reference. The principal Committees of the Board –           together with any companies in which they hold more than 1% of
Audit, Remuneration, Risk, and Nomination and Governance all          the issued share capital are also disclosed.
comply with the requirements of the Code, except where non-
                                                                      Information flows to and from the Board
compliance has been explained on page 136 of this report.
                                                                      Agendas and papers
All Committees are chaired by an independent Non-Executive            Agendas and papers are circulated to the Board electronically in a
Director, except the Nomination and Governance Committee,             secure manner in preparation for Board and Committee meetings.
which is chaired by the Chair of the Board, and comprise a majority   The Board agenda is structured by the Chair in consultation with
of independent Non-Executive Directors. In accordance with the        the Company Secretary and Chief Executive Officer. An annual
UK Code, all members of the Audit Committee are independent           schedule of agenda items is reviewed and updated at each
Non-Executive Directors. Appointments to the Committees are           meeting to ensure that items are considered at the appropriate
made on the recommendation of the Nomination and Governance           point in the financial and regulatory cycle. Meetings are
Committee and are for a period of up to three years, which may be     structured so as to allow for consideration and debate of all
extended for two further three-year periods, provided the Director    matters. Routine Board papers are supplemented by information
remains independent. The Committees are constituted with              specifically requested by the Directors from time to time.
written Terms of Reference that are reviewed annually to ensure
                                                                      At each scheduled meeting, the Board receives updates from
that they remain appropriate and reflect any changes in good
                                                                      the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as to the
practice and governance. These Terms of Reference are available
                                                                      financial and operational performance of the Group and any
on request from the Company Secretary and can also be found on
                                                                      specific developments of which the Board should be aware.
the Company’s website: www.admiralgroup.co.uk.
                                                                      In addition, there is an update provided at each Board on the
                                                                      matters discussed and considered at each of the Group’s principal
                                                                      subsidiary Board meetings.
                                                                      Additional meetings are called when required and there is
                                                                      contact between meetings, where necessary, to progress the
                                                                      Group’s business.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
156   Corporate Governance




      Governance Report
      continued

      Attendees                                                            Other information flows
      The CEO of UK Insurance (Cristina Nestares) together with            The Board Chair made in-person visits to various parts of the
      the Chief Risk Officer (James Armstrong until February 2022,         business during 2022. The Non-Executive Directors were invited to
      Sue Gilbert Interim Chief Risk Officer from February 2022 until      join her on the in-person visits. Further information on those visits
      October 2022 and Keith Davies Chief Risk Officer from October        is included on page 142.
      2022) are invited to attend every Board meeting and regular
                                                                           As referenced within the commentary on culture on page 140,
      Board dinners, when these can take place. During 2022, the Head
                                                                           the Non-Executive Directors are invited to attend ECG meetings
      of International Insurance (Costantino Moretti) and the CEO of
                                                                           and participate in the two-way engagement with our colleagues.
      Admiral Money (Scott Cargill) have been invited to attend material
                                                                           Further information about this engagement mechanism is
      topics of debate at the Board meetings. This has proved an
                                                                           outlined on page 145 of the Strategic Report.
      effective means of ensuring that senior managers below Board
      level have exposure to and gain experience of the operation of       The Non-Executive Directors and the Chair met in-person
      the Board.                                                           during the year without the Executive Directors being present,
                                                                           including before each Board meeting.
      Dynamics
      All Board and Committee meetings during the year were held           Management teams were invited to join the Board for dinner on
      in an open atmosphere conducive to robust and constructive           six occasions which gives the opportunity for informal interaction
      challenge and debate. All Directors have, therefore, been able to    between Directors and management. The Chair has continued to
      bring independent judgement to bear on issues such as strategy,      hold one-to-one meetings with members of the Group’s senior
      risk management, performance, and resources.                         management team either on a virtual basis or in-person.

      Cross-Committee membership                                           Training and professional development
      As shown on pages 130 to 135, Committee membership is                On appointment, Directors take part in a comprehensive
      composed in a way that ensures that there is cross-committee         induction programme whereby they receive financial and
      membership, which allows items of importance to be flagged from      operational information about the Group; details concerning their
      Committee to Committee in a timely manner. This complements          responsibilities and duties; as well as an introduction to the Group’s
      the Committee briefings that the Board receives on the key points    governance, regulatory and control environment. This induction
      of discussion following each Committee.                              is usually supplemented by visits to the Group’s head office in
                                                                           Cardiff and certain overseas offices, and meetings with members
      Advice                                                               of the senior management team and their departments either on
      All the Directors have access to the advice and services of the      a virtual basis or in-person. The Non-Executive Director induction
      Company Secretary. He has responsibility for ensuring that Board     programme has continued to be adapted in 2022.
      procedures are followed and for advising the Board, through the
      Chair, on governance matters. The Company Secretary provides         Development and training of Directors is an ongoing process
      updates to the Board on regulatory and corporate governance          and is considered through the year. The Directors are regularly
      issues, new legislation, and Directors’ duties and obligations.      updated on the Group’s business; legal matters concerning their
      The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is one          role and duties; the competitive environments in which the Group
      of the matters reserved for the Board. Dan Caunt replaced Mark       operates; and any other significant changes affecting the Group
      Waters as Group Company Secretary on 1 May 2022.                     and the industry of which it is a part. During the year, the Board
                                                                           received deep dive updates, briefings and training on the
      The Directors are also given access to independent professional      following topics: Admiral Internal model (AIM), introductory Board
      advice at the Group’s expense, should they deem it necessary to      Training on Key Capital Modelling Principles, summary on Market
      carry out their responsibilities.                                    Abuse Regulations, IFRS 17, Group cyber risk education sessions
                                                                           (including a Cyber Simulation exercise), Group cyber risk crisis
                                                                           management, amongst several business deep dives.




                                                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                               157




                                                                                                                               Company Overview




                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
   Composition, succession and evaluation
   Compliance with the Code Principles
   UK Code
   Principle       Description                                           References
                   Appointments to the Board should be subject to        • Succession planning on page 128
                   formal, rigorous and transparent procedure, and an




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
     Principle
         J         effective succession plan should be maintained for
                   Board and senior management. Both appointments
                   and succession plans should be based on merit and
                   objective criteria and, within this context, should
                   promote diversity of gender, social and ethnic
                   backgrounds, cognitive and personal strengths.

                   The Board and its committees should have a            • Board composition and succession planning:




                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
     Principle     combination of skills, experience and knowledge.        – Balance of skills, knowledge and experience on
         K         Consideration should be given to the length of            page 163
                   service of the Board as a whole and membership
                                                                           – Non-Executive Director tenure and independence
                   regularly refreshed.
                                                                             on page 162
                                                                         • Annual re-election on page 161
                                                                         • Training and professional development on page 156
                                                                         • Induction on page 160




                                                                                                                               Additional Information
                   Annual evaluation of the Board should consider its    • Board evaluation on pages 167 to 169
     Principle     composition, diversity and how effectively members    • Individual Director evaluation on page 169
         L         work together to achieve objectives. Individual
                                                                         • Board Committee evaluations:
                   evaluation should demonstrate whether each
                   Director continues to contribute effectively.           – Nomination & Governance Committee on page 158
                                                                           – Audit Committee on page 171
                                                                           – Risk Committee on page 178
                                                                           – Remuneration Committee on page 183




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
158   Corporate Governance




      Nomination and Governance Committee


                                                                                               Dear Shareholder,
                                                                                               This part of the report highlights the role that the Nomination
                                                                                               and Governance Committee plays in monitoring the current and
                                                                                               evolving Board’s composition, ensuring that there is a balance of
                                                                                               skill, experience and knowledge, as well as diversity in the broadest
                                                                                               sense, and oversight of the Group’s governance arrangements.
                                                                                               The Committee also looked at ensuring that the Group’s policy
                                                                                               on diversity and inclusion, was being applied to the gender and
                                                                                               ethnicity balance of the Group’s senior management and their
                                                                                               direct reports and that this was being taken into account for
                                                                                               succession planning.
                                                                                               The annual review of the Committee’s own effectiveness took
                                                                                               place towards the end of 2022 by an external company Bvalco Ltd,
                                                                                               and the Committee concluded, overall, that it remained effective
                                                                                               but noted some areas for improvement in 2023. These are outlined
                                                                                               later within this report.
                                                                                               In line with the requirements of Solvency II, the Senior Insurance
                                                                                               Manager Regime, and in accordance with the Group’s Senior
                                                                                               Managers & Certification Regime Policy, I have also carried
                                                                                               out the process of assessment for the Group CEO, Group Non-
                                                                                               Executive Directors, and the Chairs of the Group’s material,


          “We also continue to
                                                                                               regulated subsidiaries (EUI Limited, Admiral Insurance Company
                                                                                               Limited and Admiral Insurance (Gibraltar) Limited, Able Insurance


            take what we do well
                                                                                               Services Limited, Elephant Insurance Company and AECS) to
                                                                                               ensure they meet the requirements in terms of qualifications,
                                                                                               capability, honesty and integrity for 2022.

            and what we learn                                                                  Annette Court

            to new markets and                                                                 Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee



            new products, both in
                                                                                               7 March 2023




            the UK and abroad.”
            Annette Court
          	Chair of the Nomination
            and Governance Committee




      Committee members
      Focus area                                                                Attendance
      Annette Court (Chair)
      Jean Park*
                                                                                        9/9
                                                                                        7/9                9
      Justine Roberts                                                                   9/9            meetings
      William (Bill) Roberts                                                            9/9
                                                                                                        in 2022
      (*Jean retired from the Board and all of her committee memberships on 20 January 2023)




                                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                  159




                                                                                                                                                  Company Overview



How the Committee operates                                              diversity in appointments to the Group Board and across the



                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
Membership                                                              rest of the Group. Appointments are made on merit and against
Membership of the Committee at the year-end was Annette Court           objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits of diversity,
(Chair), Jean Park and Justine Roberts and Bill Roberts. Bill Roberts   with a view to ensuring the Board has the appropriate mix of
was appointed a member of the Committee from 1 January                  personality, skills, and experience.
2022. Justine Roberts, Jean Park and Bill Roberts are independent       The policy on Board appointments involves the Committee
Non-Executive members of the Committee, in accordance with              developing an appropriate specification that identifies




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
the Code which requires that the majority of members should be          the required skills and experience for the role and, in most
independent Non-Executive Directors. Jean Park took a temporary         instances, engaging external recruitment consultants, to lead the
medical leave of absence which was effective from February 2022.        recruitment process and identify suitable candidates. Interviews of
Jean returned to Board duties in early August 2022 including as a       the shortlisted candidates are held with the Chair and members
member of the Committee.                                                of the Committee. After consideration by the Committee, a
Attendance at meetings                                                  recommendation is made to the Board to appoint the preferred
The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.               candidate. The Committee is satisfied that this constitutes a
Other individuals, such as the Chief Executive Officer, the Group       formal, rigorous and transparent process for the appointment of
Head of People Experience and representatives of different parts        new Directors to the Group Board and its subsidiaries, embracing




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
of the Group, may be invited to attend all or part of any meeting,      a full evaluation of the skills, knowledge and experience required
as and when appropriate.                                                of Directors.

Meetings held
                                                                           As a result of Annette stepping down as Chair at the AGM in
The Committee meets at least twice per year and at such other
                                                                           April 2023, the Board needed to identify, select and appoint
times as the Chair may require. In 2022, there were six scheduled
                                                                           a new Chair. Justine Roberts, as interim Senior Interim
meetings, but the Committee met formally on nine occasions,
                                                                           Director (“SID”) following Jean Park’s medical leave of
as well as informally on several other occasions to meet with
                                                                           absence, led the Chair succession process on behalf of the
individuals identified as possible Chair and other candidates to




                                                                                                                                                  Additional Information
                                                                           Committee. The Committee was responsible for nominating
join the Board. The Committee Chair played no part in the Chair
                                                                           and recommending a candidate for consideration and
recruitment or interview process, this was led by the interim Senior
                                                                           approval in principle by the Board, subject to regulatory
Independent Director. The Committee Chair agrees the meetings
                                                                           approval, and to contractual terms being agreed between
and agendas for each meeting, which are linked to an agenda
                                                                           the candidate and Admiral.
planner covering the responsibilities of the Committee.
Four Committee meetings in 2022 were held in-person and
five were held remotely. Details of member attendance at the            Heidrick & Struggles (H&S), an external search firm, was retained
Committee meetings held during the year are outlined on                 to support the search and Chair selection process. In May and
page 138.                                                               June 2022, H&S engaged with the Chair, the Board, the senior
                                                                        management team and the co-founders of Admiral to seek
How the Committee keeps up to date                                      input on the role requirement and profile. These meetings
The Committee is kept up to date regularly on proposed                  were conducted in person and virtually and, on the basis of the
appointments and governance changes across the Group, as well           conversations that took place, a role specification was drafted,
as key developments in the corporate governance landscape.              circulated, debated and approved. Key elements of the brief
The Terms of Reference of the Committee include all the                 included: experience of retail financial services (a background
relevant matters under the Code and are reviewed annually by            gained in general insurance was viewed as helpful but not
the Committee.                                                          essential); senior executive leadership experience, ideally in a listed
Role and responsibilities of the Committee and key                      company; prior experience as a non-executive director, preferably
activities in 2022                                                      as a Chair, SID or committee chair.
The Committee reviews the leadership and succession needs of            H&S conducted a comprehensive market wide search and
the Board and ensures appropriate procedures are in place for           identified 40 potential candidates who were felt to have a
nominating, training and evaluating Directors. A description of its     potential good fit with the role specification and with Admiral
responsibilities and the activity it has focused on during the year     in general. Working with the Committee, H&S prioritised 25
is outlined under the following headings.                               candidates to approach. Following this process, H&S interviewed
                                                                        eight individual candidates, in July and August 2022. Of these,
Appointments during 2022
                                                                        six candidates were recommended by H&S to meet with members
Appointments to the Board are the responsibility of the Board
                                                                        of the Committee and preliminary meetings took place in
as a whole, acting on the advice and recommendations of the
                                                                        September 2022 with member of the Committee and other
Nomination and Governance Committee. The Nomination
                                                                        senior management including in-person meetings with the CEO.
and Governance Committee seeks to balance the retirement
                                                                        H&S drafted detailed candidate reports for each of the candidates
and recruitment of Non-Executive Directors ahead of their
                                                                        presented which included an assessment of skills against the
replacement so as to avoid a dislocation of Board process by losing
                                                                        agreed role specification. Three candidates were invited to make
experience and skills. The Board is mindful of the need to promote

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
160   Corporate Governance




      Nomination and Governance Committee
      continued

      final presentations to the full Admiral Board in November 2022.        Induction
      In parallel H&S obtained full external references in respect of the    Upon appointment, Non-Executive Directors embark on a
      external candidates.                                                   comprehensive induction programme, comprising common
                                                                             elements for all Non-Executive Directors, as well as elements
      The Board met on 30 November 2022 following the presentations
                                                                             tailored to the individual depending on their role, skills,
      specially to discuss the presentations and to debate the relative
                                                                             knowledge and experience. The induction covers topics such as
      merits of each of the final three candidates and to review the
                                                                             the role of a Non-Executive Director and their responsibilities,
      references provided. The Committee further met on 8 December
                                                                             the workings of the Board and the Group’s Subsidiary Boards,
      where Mike Rogers emerged as the preferred candidate.
                                                                             and the Company’s operations. Non-Executive Directors are
      The recommendation of Mike to be appointed as Chair of the
                                                                             provided with a suite of background reading before induction
      Board was based on Mike’s wide business, insurance and financial
                                                                             sessions are arranged with individuals from each of the
      services knowledge and on him being someone who would make a
                                                                             Group businesses, again, depending on the induction needs.
      strong strategic impact on the future of Admiral. Mike has over 30
                                                                             Ongoing professional development needs of newly appointed
      years of international financial services experience and was Group
                                                                             Non-Executive Directors are then monitored via annual individual
      Chief Executive Office of insurer LV= from 2006 until 2016 and
                                                                             Director evaluations and the Committee’s oversight of the
      oversaw its transformation into a significant player in the general
                                                                             Non‑Executive Director skills matrix.
      insurance and life and pensions markets. Prior to that, Mike worked
      at Barclays Bank for 20 years and held a number of senior roles        Other Board Committee changes and term extensions
      including Managing Director of UK Retail Banking and Managing          in 2022
      Director of Small Business Banking. On top of this, Mike has 10        The Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination and
      years of chair and other non-executive director experience from a      Governance Committee, agreed to the following proposals
      number of other high-profile organisations. Mike was previously        during the year:
      a non-executive director of the Association of British Insurers.
                                                                             • Bill Roberts was appointed as a member of Nomination and
      The Board’s preliminary decision on 8 December 2022 was to               Governance Committee on 21 January 2022
      accept the Committee’s recommendation to appoint Mike
                                                                             • Due to Jean Park’s temporary medical leave of absence which
      Rogers as Chair of the Board subject to regulatory approval and to
                                                                               was effective from 22 February 2022, the following interim
      agreement of contractual terms with Admiral. The Board finally
                                                                               appointments were agreed:
      approved and announced Mike’s appointment on 31 January 2023
      and Mike will join the Board as a non-executive Director and Chair       – The appointment of Justine Roberts as Interim SID effective
      with effect from the conclusion of this year’s AGM on 27 April             from 22 February 2022
      subject to regulatory and shareholder approval.                          – The appointment of Andy Crossley as Interim Risk Committee
                                                                                 Chair Director effective from 22 February 2022
      Mike is currently also Chair of Experian plc, the global information
      services company, and Aegon UK, a pensions, investments and              – The appointment of JP Rangaswami as an Interim member
      insurance provider. He is also an Independent Non-Executive                of the Remuneration Committee
      Director at NatWest Group plc, Chair of its Group Sustainable
      Banking Committee and member of its Group Performance and
      Remuneration Committee. Natwest Group plc has announced
      that Mike will be stepping down as an Independent Non-Executive

                                                                                “Diversity and the
      Director on 25 April 2023. Further, Aegon UK had confirmed that
      Mike will be stepping down as Chair and Non-Executive Director

                                                                                  variety of perspectives
      of its Board at the end of September 2023. Mike will continue as
      Chair of Experian alongside his role as Chair of Admiral Group.


                                                                                  that it brings has been
                                                                                  proven in studies to
                                                                                  increase innovation and
                                                                                  creativity, and, as a result,
                                                                                  improves performance.”
                                                                                  Annette Court
                                                                                	Chair of the Nomination
                                                                                  and Governance Committee



                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              161




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



• The appointment of Karen Green as a permanent member of              a permanent basis with effect from 31 January 2023. In addition to



                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
  the Risk Committee which was effective from 1 June 2022              Justine’s above stated strong sense of Admiral’s culture, the Board
• Jean Park retired from the Board including all of her committee      agreed with the Committee that Justine had successfully run a
  memberships on 20 January 2023                                       thorough and robust Chair succession process during 2022 and is
                                                                       therefore highly qualified for the role of SID. Further, Justine has
• The appointment of Justine Roberts as permanent SID which
                                                                       significant people and remuneration experience as a result of her
  was effective from 31 January 2023
                                                                       role as CEO and founder of Mumsnet since 2000 and is therefore a
• The appointment of Justine Roberts as a permanent member             strong candidate to join the Remuneration Committee.




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
  of the Remuneration Committee which was effective from
  31 January 2023                                                      Annual re-election
                                                                       As set out in the Group’s Articles of Association, all Directors
Due to Jean Park’s temporary leave of absence which was effective      should retire and offer themselves for re-election at each AGM,
from February 2022 the Committee considered candidates                 in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code and the
from a Non-Executive Director tenure perspective, the qualities        Company’s current practice. Therefore, all Directors apart from the
required to successfully perform the role of the SID, as well as       Chair Annette Court will be submitting themselves for election or
the SID responsibilities, particularly in light of the fact that the   re-election by shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.
SID would need to lead the Board on the appointment of a new




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
Group Board Chair during 2022. Subsequently, the Board, upon the       The Board is satisfied that all are properly qualified for their
recommendation of the Committee, approved that Justine Roberts         election or re-election by virtue of their skills and experience and
be appointed as the Interim SID and Andy Crossley be appointed         their contribution to the Board and its Committees. Further details
as the Interim Group Risk Committee Chair with effect from             of why each Director’s contribution is, and continues to be,
February 2022. The SID appointment was made on the basis that,         important to the Company’s long-term sustainable success is
Justine had a strong sense of Admiral’s culture which would be         provided within the notes to the Notice of the 2023 Annual
helpful during the Board Chair succession process. The Group Risk      General Meeting.
Chair appointment was made on the basis that Andy, who has
been a member of the Group Risk Committee since 2020,




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
had extensive experience in insurance risk and finance.
Jean returned to Board duties in early August 2022 including
as a member of the Committee, the Group Risk Committee
and the Remuneration Committee. Jean retired from the Board
including all of her committee memberships on 20 January
2023. Subsequently, the Board, upon recommendation of the
Committee, approved that Justine Roberts be appointed as SID on




                                                           Balance of skills,
                                                           knowledge and
                                                             experience




              Annual Board
         evaluation & individual
                                                     Board composition                                    Board diversity
           Director appraisals                      & succession planning



                                                                                Time commitment
                                  Non-Executive tenure
                                                                                   and external
                                    & independence
                                                                                  appointments



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
162   Corporate Governance




      Nomination and Governance Committee
      continued

      Composition
      As at 31 December 2022, the Board comprised eleven Directors:
      the Chair (who was independent on appointment), two Executive         “The Directors have a broad
      Directors, and eight independent Non-Executive Directors.
                                                                              range of skills and experience
                                                                              and can bring independent
      The Committee carefully considers the independence,
      composition and balance of skills and knowledge of the Board.

                                                                              judgement to bear on issues
      As a result, the Group continues to monitor the need to refresh
      Board and Committee membership in an orderly manner so as
      to maintain the continuity of Board process and the strength
      of personal interaction which underlies the effectiveness of            of strategy, performance, risk
      the Board.
                                                                              management, resources and
                                                                              standards of conduct which
      Non-Executive Director tenure and independence
      The graph below details the length of service of the Chair and each

                                                                              are integral to the success
      of the current Non-Executive Directors, illustrates the balance of
      experience and fresh perspectives, as well as the independence of
      each of the Non-Executive Directors.
      Independent Non-Executive Directors are currently appointed for
                                                                              of the Group.”
      fixed periods of three years, subject to election by shareholders.
      The initial three-year period may be extended for two further
      three-year periods subject to re-election by shareholders.
      Their letters of appointment may be inspected at the Company’s
      registered office or can be obtained on request from the              Board tenure
      Company Secretary.
                                                                                    Annette Court                                                10y 9m
      Jean Park and Justine Roberts both undertook the SID role for
      the year (and Justine Roberts undertaking the role on an interim                     Jean Park                                          8y 11m
      basis from February 2022 to January 2023 while Jean took a
                                                                                   Justine Roberts                                   6y 6m
      period of medical leave of absence). The Board was satisfied
      that Jean had the requisite knowledge and experience gained                    Andy Crossley                             4y 10m
      through her Board positions. Jean Park as Chair of the Risk                     Mike Brierley                          4y 3m
      Committee, her membership of the Nomination and Governance
      Committee and her prior experience as SID for FTSE 250 company,                  Karen Green                          4y 0m
      Murray Income Trust. As stated above, the Board was satisfied                JP Rangaswarmi                      2y 8m
      that Justine Roberts had the requisite knowledge and experience
                                                                                     Evelyn Bourke                  1y 8m
      to undertake the role of SID on an interim basis while Jean was
      on (and returned from) medical leave and approved Justine’s                        Bill Roberts              1y 6m
      succession in the permanent SID role following Jean’s retirement
      in January 2023.                                                      >9 years        3-6 years
                                                                            6-9 years       <3 years
      The Board, having given thorough consideration to the matter,
      considers the eight Non-Executive Directors to be independent         * In accordance with the Code
      and is not aware of any relationships or circumstances, other than    ** Provision 19 of the Code relating to the tenure of the Chair
      the above, which are likely to affect, or could appear to affect,        was not complied with during the year. An explanation of
                                                                               non-compliance is located on page 136
      the judgement of any of them.
      An explanation for the Group Board Chair’s extended term beyond
      the nine years recommended by the Code are provided
      on page 136.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                         163




                                                                                                                                         Company Overview



Balance of skills, knowledge and experience



                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
The Committee regularly reviews the Board skills matrix,               Total Board Director skills
particularly in the context of succession planning and skills that
are potentially lost at the end of a Director’s tenure on the Board.
The current matrix is outlined below and an explanation regarding
how it feeds into succession planning follows later in this report.
The Directors have a broad range of skills and experience and




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
can bring independent judgement to bear on issues of strategy,
performance, risk management, resources and standards of
conduct which are integral to the success of the Group.
Time commitment and external appointments
As well as considering the demands of a Director’s time upon
appointment, any subsequent external appointments of Non-
Executive Directors and Executive Directors require prior approval
of the Committee and the Board.




                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
The Committee also reviews the time commitment required of
Non-Executive Directors at least annually to consider whether
the guidance on time commitment of certain roles needs to be
extended due to market or responsibility changes. Alongside this,
a review of the external commitments of Non-Executive
Directors is performed. The most recent review concluded that
                                                                       11 Finance                          8 International
the independent Non-Executive Directors have sufficient time
                                                                       10 Risk                             8 Tech/Digital/Data
available to perform their duties.                                     8 Insurance                         8 Operations




                                                                                                                                         Additional Information
Overall assessment of composition                                      11 Executive/Strategic Leadership   6 Entrepreneurial
                                                                       5 Marketing/Retail                  3 Loans
The Board remains satisfied that it has the appropriate balance
                                                                       8 M&A                               7 Small / Medium Enterprise
of skills, experience, independence and knowledge of the Group
                                                                       10 City                             11 Remuneration/People
to enable it and its Committees to discharge their duties and                                              7 ESG/Sustainability
responsibilities effectively, as required by the Code. In addition,
the Directors are aware of their legal duties to act in a way they
consider, in good faith, will be most likely to promote the success
of the Company for its shareholders, as well as considering the
interests of other stakeholders. Further details of how the Board
fulfils its duty in this regard are outlined on pages 74 to 94.
Board and senior management diversity and inclusion
The Listing Rules and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules
have been amended to include new disclosure requirements for
listed companies for financial years starting on or after 1 April
2022. The FCA is, however, encouraging voluntary compliance
for those companies with financial years beginning on or after
1 January 2022. The board diversity targets (which are substantially
in-line with the targets set by the FTSE Women Leader’s Review
and the Parker Review) are: at least 40% of the board are women;
at least one of the senior board positions (Chair, SID, CEO and CFO)
is held by a woman; and at least one member of the board is from
a minority ethnic background. As set out below, the Committee is
content that Admiral meets the targets set out in the Listing Rules
and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules 9.8.6(9)(a).




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
164   Corporate Governance




      Nomination and Governance Committee
      continued

      Gender diversity
      Diversity and the variety of perspectives that it brings has been      Board gender diversity
      proven in studies to increase innovation and creativity, and, as a
      result, improves performance. It also has other positive impacts,
      such as providing greater awareness, widens the talent pool and
      challenges the views or practices that have become embedded
      over time. Admiral’s strategy depends on all of these things,
      which are enhanced by diversity, and supports our goals.
      Total Board Director skills
      During the year, the Committee reviewed the Group Board
      Diversity and Inclusion Policy and discussed the appropriateness       5 Men                                               6 Women
      of the measurable targets to increase diversity and inclusion at
      Group Board, Subsidiary Board and senior management level.             Board Ethnicity
      The Committee seeks to ensure that a clear recruitment strategy
      for Board appointments is in place and is aligned to this policy.
      Measures that are covered under the Policy, including progress
      updates against each, include:
      (i) Having one member of the senior executive team who is
          responsible and accountable for gender diversity and inclusion     10 White British
          at Group level. Cristina Nestares (EUI CEO) is the accountable     or other White
          executive for gender diversity.                                    (including minority
                                                                             white groups)                            1 Asian/Asian British
      (ii) Setting internal targets for gender diversity in senior
           management. Progress against the Group’s target of 40% of
                                                                             Age diversity (by bracket)
           women in senior management by 2023 is detailed below.
      (iii) Publishing progress annually against these targets in reports
            on the Group’s website. Progress updates on the Group’s
            progress against the HM Treasury’s Women in Finance Charter
            commitments are provided on an annual basis on the Group’s
            corporate website.
      (iv) Linking the pay of the CEO to the progress made against these
           internal targets on gender diversity. In 2021, the Remuneration   40s 18.2%                                          60s 45.5%
           Committee considered and approved a proposal to link              50s 27.2%                                           70s 9.1%
           the progress against the Women in Finance target within
           the non-financial performance measures of the EUI CEO,
                                                                             Board Nationality
           Cristina Nestares. Further information on this is contained
           within the Remuneration Committee Report on page 183.
      The Group has continued to exceed the target set by both
      Lord Davies in his report: Women on Boards, and the Hampton
      Alexander Review (that builds on the Davies Review) which
      encouraged FTSE 350 companies to achieve at least 33% women
      on Boards. Women on the Admiral Group Plc Board represented
      55% of its 11 director membership as at 31 December 2022,
      compared with 50% on 31 December 2021. Further, Admiral is only        8 British                                       3 Non-British
      one of 5 FTSE100 companies where each of the board positions
      of Chair, SID and CEO are held by women. Official data published
      by the FTSE Women Leaders (succeeding the Women on Boards              Non-Executive Director tenure
      Report and Hampton Alexander Review) issued in February 2023
      reported that the percentage of women on FTSE 100 Boards was
      40.2% improving from 39.1% in 2022, which demonstrates the
      good progress Admiral has made compared with the average
      of the FTSE 100. The data also highlights that the combination
      of women in the Chair, CEO and SID roles is still not common,
      demonstrating Admiral’s continued strong support of the
      progression of women in leadership roles.                              >9 years                                            3–6 years
                                                                             6–9 years                                            <3 years


                                                                                            Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             165




                                                                                                                                             Company Overview



As a result of the continued progress to balance gender diversity       • Admiral’s recruitment strategy aims at increasing candidates



                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
at Group Board level and to align with the Women in Finance               from an ethnic background and women onto shortlists for
Charter’s aim of increasing female representation at the UK               leadership roles
senior executive level to 40% by the end of 2023, the Committee         • Strengthening our partnerships aimed at increasing female
approved a proposal to increase the annual target from a minimum          representation, we have joined with Women in Data,
of 33% women to 40%. The aim is to achieve this level of gender           a movement and force for change in the realm of data
diversity at an aggregate level across the Subsidiary Boards too.         science and analytics
As at 31 December 2022, women represented 38% of all of the




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                        • Admiral has continued our partnership with
Subsidiary Boards compared to 29% as at 31 December 2021,
                                                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers’ #TechSheCan, aimed at developing
while improvements have been made in 2022 there is further
                                                                          internship and work experience programmes
work to improve gender diversity at this level.
                                                                        • Admiral has paired with Code First Girls (“CFG”), in respect
During the year, the Committee reviewed the gender balance                of which our funding will enable 495 places on an 8-week
of those in senior management and their direct reports and                programme to learn the fundamentals of coding and web
considered the initiatives that have been proposed to focus on            development. In addition, we will also pay the fees for 40
improving gender balance. The FTSE Women Leaders (formerly                participants to complete a nanodegree, which is the equivalent
Hampton-Alexander Review) target of 33% female representation             of a Data Science degree. The degree takes 14 weeks to




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
within senior management has been achieved across the Group,              complete, and on completion of the programme, CFG will
with females representing 44% of our Senior Executives and 35%            work with their network of employers across UK (e.g KFC,
of their direct reports.                                                  BlackRock, Natwest etc.) to seek to secure employment
Ethnic diversity                                                          for graduates
The Board continues to monitor the requirements of the                  • Admiral has achieved Disability Confident Leader status
Parker Review’s report on ethnic diversity in the context of the        • Admiral has signed several pledges such as the Menopause
composition of its Group and Subsidiary Boards, the initiatives           Pledge, Endometriosis Friendly Employer, Neurodiversity
that are being implemented to increase diversity and discuss              Friendly Employer and continued our commitment to the




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
how measures to develop a diverse pipeline of talent as regards           Race at Work Charter by signing up to their extended initiatives
to Board appointments could be developed and monitored.
                                                                        • Admiral was the headline sponsors of Pride Cymru for the
The Group Board includes one Board member from an
                                                                          22nd consecutive year
ethnic minority, which meets one of the Parker Review’s key
recommendations for FTSE 100 companies as well as Listing               • Admiral achieved Top 75 employers with the Social
Rules and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 9.8.6(9)(a).          Mobility Foundation
Further information on how the Group is developing candidates for       Group
the pipeline is outlined in the sections below and in the Strategic     • Admiral launched its Get Discovered programme aimed at
Report on pages 77 to 79.                                                 developing talented women within Admiral to become the
The Group remains strongly supportive of the principle of                 leaders of tomorrow
boardroom diversity, of which gender and ethnicity are important,       • Admiral has planned to launch a “reverse mentoring” scheme.
but not the only, aspects. What is important is diversity of thought,     We will ask people to apply for this, then we will train them as
experience and approach and each new appointment must                     mentors. The successful applicants and all participating senior
complement what already exists at the Board table.                        top executives will benefit from this new scheme
Ethnic diversity amongst senior management and the wider                • Admiral will launch two “Employee Resource Groups”, one
workforce is something that Admiral has increased its focus on            focused on gender and one on ethnicity, to create a strong
in 2022. However, the Committee recognises that the workforce             group network of people, selected from our staff, with the aim
is not always comfortable with voluntarily sharing such personal          of designing and delivering internal initiatives to offer equal
information. There have been initiatives to encourage more                opportunities to our underrepresented groups of people
people to make such voluntary disclosures, in respect of other          • Admiral will launch a program designed to develop employees
diversity questions, and this has been discussed by the Employee          from an ethnic background, in partnership with McKinsey.
Consultation Group during the year.                                       We are designing a talent and development program to
                                                                          nurture talent across Admiral, focusing on finding talented
Activity to improve diversity in the talent pipeline                      employees from an ethnic background at different levels into
UK                                                                        leadership roles
• Admiral appointed Senior Management Sponsors for all diversity
                                                                        • Admiral has designed Group D&I employer branding in
  and inclusion working groups.
                                                                          order to increase our external reputation as diversity
• Admiral achieved 45% female representation at executive level,
  in line with its commitment to the Women in Finance pledge.
• Admiral was placed 3rd in the UK’s Best Workplaces for Women
  award in 2022.



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
166   Corporate Governance




      Nomination and Governance Committee
      continued

        leader in the market and attract new diverse talent in the             The regular review of these succession plans provides an
        recruitment pipeline                                                   opportunity for the Committee to discuss the insights
      • Admiral is offering training to all of our D&I sponsors and            provided by the data in order to inform the desired mix of skills,
        human resources managers on how to better work together                experience and diversity that the Board needs now and in the
        as a team to deliver meaningful D&I outcomes. The Board                future, in the context of the Group’s strategic objectives.
        and senior management recognise that longer-term remote                The Committee will this year be starting a search for new Non-
        working brought about by the Covid pandemic could make it              Executive Directors with the appropriate skills and experience to
        more difficult to identify discrimination and support those that       succeed the Chair and the Group Risk Committee Chair. In doing
        may be impacted. Admiral is committed to adapt to the new              so, the Committee will consider the skills, experience and diversity
        environment and ensure that it provides an equal workplace             gaps that could materialise with the departure of the present
        for all our people.                                                    Chair and Group Risk Committee Chair.
      The Group remains committed to providing equal opportunities,            Executive Directors and senior management
      eliminating discrimination, and encouraging diversity amongst            Responsibility for making senior management appointments
      its employees both in the UK and overseas. A breakdown of                rests with the Chief Executive Officer and talent management
      the gender of Directors and senior employees at the end of               continues to be a key area of focus for the Committee to ensure
      the financial year together with details of the Group’s Equality,        that there is a diverse pipeline of talent for senior management
      Diversity and Dignity at Work Policy are set out in the Strategic        and potentially Executive Director succession.
      Report on pages 113 and 127.
                                                                               During the year, the Committee considered progress to improve
      Succession planning                                                      talent management and succession planning within the Group.
      The Committee is responsible for ensuring that plans are in place        This was in response to the review in 2020 which identified several
      for orderly succession for appointments to the Board and also            improvements that needed to be made to Admiral’s succession
      reviews the succession plans for Executive Directors and other           planning to improve the talent pipeline. Effective internal talent
      key senior management positions.                                         management ensures that Admiral’s unique culture is preserved
      Non-Executive Directors                                                  as far as possible.
      Non-Executive Director succession planning is split into short,          The Committee received an update in 2022 on the new succession
      medium and longer term horizons to ensure that all eventualities,        framework which is now used across the Group. It has encouraged
      as far as possible, are planned for.                                     more structured thinking about opportunities across departments
                                                                               and internationally, even in circumstances where this is a well
      Horizon: Emergency cover
                                                                               embedded practice already within Admiral. Discussions on success
      Description: There are emergency succession plans to ensure              profiles have also helped to visualise how success will look in
      that there is sufficient cover or a plan in place for key roles of the   the future for the critical senior management roles, whilst also
      Board, namely, the Chair, the SID, Committee Chairs and, in turn,        providing future talent with visibility on what future development
      Committee members if a Committee Chair’s absence is longer               might look like for them. Other parts of the overall succession
      than expected. These plans take account of any requirements              planning process continue to be embedded with the introduction
      under the respective Committee’s Terms of Reference, as well             of better:
      as any Code requirements.
                                                                               • Scoping and anticipating future critical capabilities
      Horizon: Medium term (3–6 year tenure)                                   • Success profiling
      Description: The Committee’s medium-term succession                      • Identification of career aspirations
      planning involves considering the replacement of Non-Executive           • Assessment
      Directors over time to refresh the Board. The Committee                  • Development plans (noting that some Group entities are more
      considers (i) each Director’s period of tenure and aims to have            matured than others)
      staggered departure dates, (ii) the skills and experience gaps
                                                                               • Collective analytics
      that will be created as each Director’s tenure comes to an end,
      and (iii) the diversity gaps that might also become present.

      Horizon: Longer term (6–9 year tenure)
      Description: The Committee’s longer-term succession planning
      involves the consideration of the skills, experience, and diversity
      that the Board will need over the longer term, taking into
      account the Group’s strategy and the main trends and factors
      that are likely to affect the Group’s long-term success.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 167




                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



Overall, this year’s review of succession planning concluded that         Board Evaluation


                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
there was a healthy pipeline of talent across the Group, with no
immediate risk in respect of leadership continuity, and the right
level of talent to execute our ‘internally grown leaders’ strategy.
However, it also concluded that some critical functions in the UK
fell short on gender diversity, as well as some international entities,
such as Spain. This gap represents a risk to the achievement of
                                                                                                        2019
our commitment and ambition on gender diversity at senior                                    External Board Evaluation




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
management level and so this will be closely monitored by the
Committee in 2023. In addition, further work will be undertaken
to improve the ethnic diversity of entities located in geographies
where such diversity should be better represented, which will also
be overseen by the Committee in 2023.
The Committee remains satisfied that effective succession
                                                                                                        2020
plans for Directors and senior management are in place to ensure                             Internal Board Evaluation
the continued ability of the Group to implement strategy and




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
compete effectively in the markets in which it operates.
Governance
The Committee also regularly reviews the Group’s governance
arrangements, including any changes to the Subsidiary or                                                2021
Committee structure, as well as oversight of the regulatory
applications made under the Senior Managers Regime.                                          Internal Board Evaluation
Committee Effectiveness Review




                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
The 2022 Committee’s annual review was conducted by an
external company Bvalco Limited. Each Committee member
was interviewed and asked a set of questions designed to
provide objective assessment of the Committee’s performance,                                            2022
including its effectiveness in monitoring Board composition,
considering Executive and Non-Executive succession,                                          External Board Evaluation
overseeing talent management, succession planning and
developing directors’ knowledge.
The Committee discussed the results of the review at its meeting
in January 2023 and concluded that, overall, the Committee
remained effective. Areas of focus and improvement for the                Progress with 2021 Board Evaluation recommendations
Committee in 2023 were identified and in particular, the part of          Having last carried out an external Board evaluation in 2019
the nomination committees work on succession, the Committee               in accordance with the Code requirement that FTSE 350
should in future canvas the executives on their views of the skills       companies should carry out an externally facilitated evaluation
and expertise that would be helpful to strengthen the Board.              of the Board at least every three years, the 2021 Board evaluation
                                                                          process was again facilitated internally with use of a questionnaire
                                                                          developed by Independent Audit, who has no other connection
                                                                          with the Group or its Directors. The results of the evaluation
                                                                          were discussed at the January 2022 Board and showed a Board
                                                                          that appeared to be functioning well with some identified
                                                                          opportunities for improvement. The recommendations from the
                                                                          Board evaluation fed into the Board’s agreed objectives for 2022
                                                                          and were detailed in the 2021 annual report as “principal areas
                                                                          of focus for the Board in 2022”. At the June 2022 Board, the Board
                                                                          received a six-month update on progress against agreed areas for
                                                                          focus as set out in the evaluation report and as against the agreed
                                                                          2022 Board Objectives.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
168   Corporate Governance




      Nomination and Governance Committee
      continued

         The following progress was made during 2022 in respect of the key findings from the 2021 review:
         Agreed areas of focus for 2022                Progress update
         Ensure that there is a robust selection       Refer to page 159 of this section and Principal Decisions on page 148.
         process for the new Group Board Chair,
         Group Risk Committee Chair and SID
         Continuing focus on executive team            During the year, the Board approved the appointment of Keith Davies as Admiral’s
         succession planning                           new Chief Risk Officer following a robust recruitment process. The Board and the
                                                       Committee received Group Succession Planning and Talent Development updates
                                                       throughout 2022.
         Ensure diversity and inclusion objectives     During the year, the Board received a diversity update highlighting the Group’s
         are embedded                                  ambition to have 40% of women in senior positions by 2025 at Group level and
                                                       representation of ethnic minorities at senior levels consistent with representation
                                                       of the whole workforce. The Board has been updated on Admiral’s submissions in
                                                       respect of the FTSE Women Leaders and the Parker Review.
         Support the continuous development            The Board agreed an objective for 2022 to “Defend and support continuous
         of Admiral’s core competencies                development of Admiral historical advantages” in particular relating to culture,
                                                       technical/underwriting leadership and cost efficiency. The Board received regular
                                                       updates confirming that each of these areas had received substantial attention and
                                                       made good progress.
         Assess market implementation of the           Refer to Principal Decisions.
         FCA’s market study on general insurance
         pricing and ensure Admiral delivers
         a strong response
         Ensure customers continue to be at           The Board has been updated on customer related issues at each Board in 2022 from
         the front and centre of new propositions     the perspective of all Group entities and businesses. “The Customer, the Customer,
         and incremental change                       the Customer” remains a core part of Admiral’s philosophy and Board updates
                                                      throughout the year reflect this.
         Oversee the Group’s diversification strategy Refer to Principal Decisions.
         Monitor the development and execution        During the year, the Board has increased the number of updates and sessions held
         of Admiral’s sustainability approach and     on ESG matters, receiving updates on the embedding of the new Group Purpose
         the delivery against key pledges             (approved at the beginning of 2021), the Group’s sustainability strategy, response to
                                                      climate change, stakeholder engagement, progress to meet diversity and inclusion
                                                      targets, and the responsible investment strategy, amongst other things.
                                                      The October Board update on sustainability provided the Board with detailed
                                                      analysis on the 2022 progress against Admiral’s stated nine sustainability targets.
                                                      The Board noted that good progress had been made.
         Continue to deepen the Board’s               During the year, the Board also increased the updates and sessions received on
         understanding of external risk factors       information security and cyber risk, BEIS Reforms, IFRS17, general technology
                                                      updates and received an update on the Admiral cyber risk event playbook. In
                                                      October 2022, the Board undertook a cyber crisis simulation session facilitated by
                                                      an expert, external supplier. The lessons learned from the cyber crisis simulation
                                                      helped management to refine the cyber risk event playbook.
         Provide steering and oversight for capital   During the year, the Board received regular updates and training sessions relating
         management, reinsurance and the internal to the Admiral internal model process. Good progress was made during the year
         model application process                    noting that the application process will continue to be progressed and refined
                                                      in 2023.
         Oversee the roll-out and evolution of        The Board was regularly updated on progress against the Group Reward Strategy.
         the Group reward strategy                    The Board was further updated on the Group’s plans to improve reward and in
                                                      respect of the Group’s plans to help staff though the “cost of living crisis”. Refer to
                                                      Principal Decisions.




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                           169




                                                                                                                                           Company Overview



2022 Board Evaluation                                                 2022 Board Committee Effectiveness Reviews


                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
Having last carried out an external Board evaluation in 2019 in       Further information on each of the Board Committee’s
accordance with the Code requirement that FTSE 350 companies          evaluations conducted externally by Bvalco Limited of their own
should carry out an externally facilitated evaluation of the Board    performance can be found within the respective other Board
at least every three years, the 2022 Board evaluation process was     Committee reports.
facilitated externally by Bvalco Ltd, which has no other connection
with the Group or its Directors. Each Board member and standing       Individual Director Evaluation
attendee was interviewed and asked a set of questions to evaluate     The performance of the Chief Financial Officer is appraised




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
the Board’s performance and dynamics in 2022. The themes and          annually by the Chief Executive Officer, to whom he reports.
questions considered by all Board members and regular Board           The Chair, taking into account the views of the other Directors,
attendees in November 2022 were:                                      reviews the performance of the Chief Executive Officer. The Chair
                                                                      also carries out the performance assessments of each of the Non-
• Strengths and Value                                                 Executive Directors. Each of the Directors were determined to
• Purpose and Strategy                                                have continued to effectively contribute to the work of the Board
                                                                      in 2022.
• Board Dynamics and Culture
• Risk                                                                The performance of the Chair is reviewed by the Board led by




                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
                                                                      the SID. Following the latest review, the SID considered and
• Succession and composition/skills
                                                                      discussed with the Chair the comments and feedback that had
• Performance and development                                         been received from the Directors as part of the Chair’s evaluation
• Frequency of meetings, Board information and agendas                questionnaire and was able to confirm that the performance of
• Commitments outside of the Boardroom                                the Chair continues to be effective. In addition, Bvalco Limited
                                                                      reported that all those interviewed as part of the external
• The Chair
                                                                      evaluation were unanimous in their praise for Annette. Bvalco was
• The new Chair                                                       positive in their assessment of all aspects of how Annette chairs
• The CEO                                                             the Board. Bvalco concluded that “this is a well Chaired Board.”




                                                                                                                                           Additional Information
• What do you value about your fellow Board directors
• Committee Chairs
• Impact and Value
• Three most important areas for next 12 – 18 months
The results of the evaluation were discussed at the January
2023 Board meeting and showed a Board and Committees
that appeared to be functioning well, with some identified
opportunities for improvement. Bvalco’s overall impression is that
this is a strong Board and one that is reflective and supportive
of the Admiral culture. The majority of those interviewed felt
it was an open, inclusive and participative Board committed
to the success of Admiral. It is also a Board with good humour.
Everything that Bvalco observed and heard during their review
demonstrated a commitment to the success of Admiral and the
wellbeing of its staff. There were key areas where Bvalco made
recommendations to the Board and Committees in order to
continuously and progressively improve how it works. There is a
summary table of recommendations set out below. In making
the recommendations, Bvalco wished to re-emphasise their
overall conclusion that the Admiral Board is a strong board, and
the recommendations set out in the report are made against this
background. The recommendations set out below have fed into
the Board’s agreed objectives for 2023 and are detailed under the
“principal areas of focus for the Board in 2023” on page 139.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
170   Corporate Governance




      Nomination and Governance Committee
      continued

         Outcomes and areas of focus for 2023
         Decision making frameworks               The Board and management to review the overall framework that the Board uses
                                                  to make key decisions. At the same time, management will review how information
                                                  is presented to the Board in a way which assists and feeds into the overall decision-
                                                  making framework.
         Review how the balance of Board agenda   The Board should review the balance of time spent at board meetings between
         time is split between strategy versus    governance/regulatory matters and strategic/business matters. The Board
         governance/regulatory matters            supported by the Legal and Company Secretarial team to consider if any
                                                  governance and regulatory matters could be delegated to relevant Board
                                                  Committees, Board Sub-Committees or Subsidiary Boards.
         Strategy development                     Build on the acknowledged success of strategy days. The Board should discuss
                                                  and agree additional conventions for the strategy days to ensure the Board has
                                                  sufficient early involvement in contributing to the development of proposals.
                                                  This should include the addition of formal ‘wash-up’ sessions and ‘action lists’
                                                  with agreed milestone dates.
         Forward plan of metrics and milestones   The Board should discuss and agree with management improved metrics and
                                                  milestones to enable the Board to better measure strategy implementation..
         Overarching approach to ESG              The Board to consider the value of establishing an overarching and coordinated
                                                  approach to ESG initiatives.
         Improving hybrid meetings                The Board and Company Secretarial team shall continue to look at ways of
                                                  improving hybrid meeting arrangements, looking at techniques for mitigating
                                                  the risk that remote participants are unable to contribute fully to Board and
                                                  Committee meetings.
         Company Secretary                        The Company Secretarial team should take steps to remind those presenting papers
                                                  to the Board or a Committee that they follow properly the guidelines as to form,
                                                  content and paper submission deadlines. This should include proper completion of
                                                  the paper’s standardised front sheet, avoiding the unnecessary usage of technical
                                                  language and developing conventions for assisting the non-technical reader.




                                                                                         Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             171




Audit Committee Report
                                                                                                                                             Company Overview




                                                                         “I am pleased to set
                                                                           out in this report an                                             Strategic Report


                                                                           update on the main
                                                                           activities of the

                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                           Committee in 2022.”
                                                                           Karen Green
                                                                         	Chair of the Audit Committee




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            11
Committee members                                                                                                         meetings




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
Focus area                                                 Attendance                                                      in 2022
Karen Green (Chair)                                           11/11
Andy Crossley                                                 11/11
Mike Brierley                                                 11/11



    Audit, risk and internal control
    Compliance with the Code Principles
    UK Code
    Principle      Description                                                  References
                   The Board should establish formal and transparent            • Roles and Responsibilities on page 173
      Principle    policies and procedures to ensure the independence           • Non-audit fees on page 177
         M         and effectiveness of internal and external audit
                                                                                • Effectiveness of external audit process on page 177
                   functions and satisfy itself on the integrity of financial
                   and narrative statements.                                    • Effectiveness of internal audit on page 174
                                                                                • Directors’ responsibilities and responsibility statement
                                                                                  in the Directors’ Report on page 213
                                                                                • Principal risks and uncertainties within the Strategic
                                                                                  Report on pages 114 to 121

                   The Board should present a fair, balanced and                • Reporting, accountability and audit within the
      Principle    understandable assessment of the company’s                     Directors’ Report on page 212
          N        position and prospects.



                   The Board should establish procedures to manage              • Role of internal audit and associated processes
      Principle    risk, oversee the internal control framework, and              on page 174
          O        determine the nature and extent of the principal risks       • Principal risks within the Strategic Report on
                   the company is willing to take in order to achieve its         pages 114 to 121
                   long-term strategic objectives.
                                                                                • Reporting, accountability and audit within the
                                                                                  Directors’ Report on page 212


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
172   Corporate Governance




      Audit Committee Report
      continued

      Dear Shareholder                                                       IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts) implementation
      I am pleased to set out in this report an update on the main           Ahead of the 1 January 2023 implementation date for IFRS 17
      activities of the Committee in 2022.                                   (Insurance Contracts), the Committee placed significant focus
                                                                             during the year on monitoring progress of the Group’s IFRS 17
      Areas of Focus in the Reporting Period                                 programme, reviewing and challenging key judgements and
      The Committee considered the economic backdrop facing                  accounting considerations, the Group’s transition balance sheet
      the Group and gave particular consideration to current UK              as at 1 January 2022, as well as the financial statement disclosures
      inflationary pressures and the impact on the key accounting and        on the impact of the new standard required by IAS 8 (Accounting
      actuarial judgements made by management in relation to the             Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors) and related
      valuation of claims reserves and credit loss provisions, as well as    accounting disclosures.
      the potential impact on going concern and viability assumptions.
      The Committee also continued to consider the ongoing impact            Corporate governance and reporting changes
      of the Covid pandemic on the Group’s financial reporting and           The Committee was kept abreast of the Group’s engagement
      disclosures, along with the continued effectiveness of the Group’s     with the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy
      key internal controls in a hybrid working environment.                 (BEIS) consultation on ‘Restoring trust in audit and corporate
                                                                             governance: proposals on reforms’ during 2022 including the
      Significant financial reporting issues                                 Financial Reporting Council’s draft proposal for a minimum
      The setting of insurance claims reserves in accordance with            standard for audit committees, and will continue to monitor
      the Group’s agreed reserving methodology is a key accounting           developments in this area. The Committee also oversaw,
      judgement in the Group’s Financial Statements as set out in Note       in conjunction with the Group’s Risk Committee, the Group’s
      3 to the Financial Statements), and the Committee continues to         progress in further aligning reporting with the Taskforce
      place considerable focus on this area. The Committee challenged        for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) published
      the key reserving assumptions and judgements, movements,               recommendations. The Committee received a briefing from
      emerging trends and analysis of uncertainties underlying the           the Group’s external auditor on TCFD regulation and trends
      analysis of outstanding claims for the UK Car Insurance business       in the market.
      proposed by management alongside that of the Group’s external
      independent actuarial advisers. In 2022, this included the impact      Internal controls
      of inflation on the claims reserves as set out in more detail below,   The Committee has continued to review the effectiveness of
      future scenarios for the Ogden discount rate and post-pandemic         the internal control systems across the Group, including areas
      trends of claims frequency and severity. It also focused on            of potential weakness highlighted through audit and other
      management’s assessment of the level of uncertainty inherent           assurance reports.
      in the claims reserves and the changes in this assessment from
                                                                             I hope you find the above summary, and the more detailed report,
      prior periods. The Committee also received reports on the claims
                                                                             both useful and informative.
      reserving processes performed for insurance businesses other
      than UK Car and recommended to the Board the aggregate
      claims reserves for inclusion in the Group’s Financial Statements.     Karen Green
                                                                             Chair of the Audit Committee
      In addition to claims reserving, the Committee spent time
      reviewing management’s support for a number of other significant       7 March 2023
      financial reporting matters including the expected credit loss
      provision held in relation to the Loans receivable balance held
      by the Group’s loans business Admiral Money, other potential
      provisions and contingent liabilities, and the results of impairment
      testing performed in relation to the Group parent company’s
      investments in Group subsidiaries.




                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                173




                                                                                                                                                Company Overview



How the Committee operates                                              How the Committee keeps up to date


                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
Membership                                                              The Committee is kept up to date with changes to Accounting
Membership of the Committee at the end of the year was:                 Standards and relevant developments in financial reporting,
Karen Green (Chair), Andy Crossley and Mike Brierley.                   company law, and the various regulatory frameworks through
                                                                        presentations from the Group’s external auditor, Group Chief
Two of the Committee’s members are Fellows of the Institute             Financial Officer, Group Chief Actuary and Group Company
of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Given the                Secretary. In addition, members attend relevant seminars and
insurance and financial services experience of the members              conferences provided by external bodies. The Committee also




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
of the Committee, the Board considers that they have a broad            receives tailored briefings from management and the Group’s
range of skills, experience and knowledge of the insurance              external auditors from time to time. Topics included the Task
sector, which represents the principal market in which the              Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and IFRS 17
Group operates, and also the area of consumer lending in which          implementation in 2022.
the Group has a growing business, such that they are able to
effectively analyse, challenge and debate the issues that fall within   The Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee include all the
the Committee’s remit. The Board is satisfied that the Committee        matters required under the Code and are reviewed annually by
as a whole has competence relevant to the sectors in which              the Committee.
the Group operates and further considers that a number of its




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                                        The Chair of the Audit Committee meets with the Group Head
members have recent and relevant financial experience.
                                                                        of Internal Audit, Group Chief Financial Officer, Director of Group
Attendance at meetings                                                  Finance and Chief Actuary, Head of Reserving, the external auditor
The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.               and UK Head of People Services (who has overall responsibility
The Group Chief Financial Officer, Group Chief Risk Officer,            for coordinating the Group’s whistleblowing arrangements) on a
Director of Group Finance & Chief Actuary and Group Head of             regular basis. The Committee also held (i) two private meetings
Internal Audit routinely attend all Committee meetings (other           with the Group Head of Internal Audit, (ii) one private meeting
than certain private sessions). Other individuals, such as the          with the Chief Financial Officer, and (iii) two private meetings with
Chair of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Head of Compliance,        the external auditor during the year.




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
and representatives of different parts of the Group, may be invited
                                                                        Role and responsibilities of the Committee
to attend all or part of any meeting as and when appropriate.
                                                                        The Audit Committee’s primary responsibilities are to:
The external auditor was invited to attend all of the Committee’s
                                                                        Financial reporting
meetings held in 2022, except in respect of those agenda items
                                                                        • Monitor the integrity of the Group’s Financial Statements and
when its own performance, reappointment and fees were reviewed
                                                                          any formal announcement relating to the Group’s financial
and discussed, or where any other conflict was identified.
                                                                          performance, including the Group’s Solvency and Financial
Meetings held                                                             Condition Report, reviewing any significant financial reporting
The Committee meets at least six times per year and has an                judgements which they contain, including that of the Group’s
agenda planner linked to events in the Company’s financial                Going Concern status
calendar and other significant issues that arise throughout the         • Provide advice (where requested by the Board) on whether
year, which fall for consideration by the Committee under its             the Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a whole, is fair,
remit. The Committee Chair agrees the meetings and agendas                balanced and understandable, and provides the information
for each meeting.                                                         necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s position and
There were eight scheduled Committee meetings held during                 performance, business model and strategy
the year (with two of these meetings focused on reserving               • Oversee the Group Risk Committee’s work on climate-related
matters in conjunction with the half year and full year                   financial disclosures under TCFD
reporting). Three additional meetings were held during the
                                                                        Internal controls and internal audit
year, primarily focused on the transition to IFRS 17 and year-end
                                                                        • Keep under review the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
reporting related matters.
                                                                          financial controls, internal control and risk management systems
Details of member attendance at the Committee meetings held             • Monitor and assess the role and effectiveness of the Group’s
during the year are outlined on page 171.                                 internal audit functions in the context of the Group’s overall
                                                                          internal control and risk management systems




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
174   Corporate Governance




      Audit Committee Report
      continued

      External audit                                                        • Reports assessing the accounting and disclosure impacts of risk
      • Make recommendations to the Board, to be put to shareholders          events arising across the Group
        for their approval at the AGM, in relation to the appointment,      • The financial statement disclosures on the impact of the new
        reappointment and removal of the Group’s external auditor             standard required by IAS 8 (Accounting Policies, Changes in
      • Approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the               Accounting Estimates and Errors) (further detail on the
        Group’s external auditor                                              Committee’s work in relation to IFRS 17 is set out below)
      • Review and monitor the Group external auditor’s independence        • The Group’s disclosures relating to climate risk, including those
        and objectivity, and the effectiveness of the audit process,          disclosures required by the TCFD, and received a briefing from
        taking into consideration relevant UK professional and                the external auditor on regulatory developments in climate-
        regulatory requirements                                               related disclosure requirements
      • Review the policy on the engagement of the Group external           Internal audit and internal controls
        auditor to provide non-audit services, ensuring that there is       • Reports from the internal audit functions within the Group on
        prior approval of non-audit services, considering the impact this     the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
        may have on independence and taking into account the relevant         control procedures and progress against the 2022 Audit Plan,
        ethical guidance in this regard                                       approval of changes requested to the 2022 Plan and the Audit
      Other                                                                   Plan for 2023 including resourcing levels, details of key audit
      • Oversee the Group’s procedures for handling allegations               findings, and actions taken by management to manage and
        from whistleblowers                                                   reduce the impact of the risks identified
      • Report to the Board on how it has discharged its responsibilities   • Performance and effectiveness of the Internal Audit function
                                                                            • A summary of the key findings from all reports from Internal
      Summary of key activities during 2022                                   Audit, including management responses to the conclusions set
      During the year the Committee reviewed the following:                   out in the reports
      Financial reporting                                                   • Reports on the controls in place, including significant breaches
      • The Group Annual Report and interim results announcement,             or incidents, across the Group and its overseas subsidiaries
        including key accounting judgements and disclosures                 • European insurance internal audit updates, including an update
      • Parent company Financial Statements (both annual and interim),        from the Chair of the European Audit Committee (of the Group’s
        and related key accounting judgements and disclosures,                subsidiary Admiral Europe Compañía de Seguros, S.A., (AECS)
        including impairment testing of the parent company’s                  which underwrites the Group’s European insurance businesses)
        investments in subsidiaries                                           on the activities of that Committee
      • Reports from the Chair of the Group Risk Committee                  • US insurance internal audit updates, including an update from
        on the principal risks faced by the Group and the work                the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Group’s US subsidiary
        undertaken by the Group Risk Committee to ensure risk is              Elephant, on the activities of that Committee
        appropriately managed                                               • Reports on the output of the assessment of adherence
      • Reports from the Chair of the Admiral Insurance Company               to and embedding of the Group Minimum Control
        Limited (AICL) and Admiral Insurance (Gibraltar) Limited (AIGL)       Standards’ framework
        Audit Committees on the Financial Statements for AICL and           • Reports on the various improvements underway to the Group’s
        AIGL, including key accounting judgements and disclosures             control environment including an assessment of the Group’s IT
      • The Group Solvency and Financial Condition Report,                    access control management
        including disclosures specific to AICL and AIGL
                                                                            External audit
      • Presentations from the Group’s actuarial reserving team and         • Reports from the external auditor highlighting system and
        independent external actuarial experts to assist the Committee        control recommendations, key accounting and audit issues
        in concluding on the adequacy of the Group’s IFRS reserves and        and conclusions on the half year and full year reporting
        Solvency II technical provisions
                                                                            • Confirmation of the external auditor’s independence
      • Information supporting the Group’s Going Concern assumption
                                                                            • Reports from Deloitte, the external auditor, on their proposed
      • Reports prepared by management demonstrating risk transfer            audit scope and plan
        within reinsurance contracts in line with the requirements of
                                                                            • Proposed external audit fee and the drivers of the year-on-
        IFRS 4 (Insurance Contracts)
                                                                              year increase
      • Updates from the Group’s loans business on the IFRS 9 (Financial
        Instruments) expected credit loss provision




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              175




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



Other                                                                 as well as the independent external actuarial advisors. At these



                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
• Updates on tax matters, including the Group Tax Strategy which      meetings management provided further information on the
  was recommended to the Board for approval and is available at       projected best estimate gross claims reserves, as well as the
  www.admiralgroup.co.uk                                              margin to be held above best estimate in the Financial Statements
• Progress updates on the BEIS consultation relating to audit and     and were challenged by the Committee as to their adequacy and
  corporate governance reforms, including updates received from       the consistency of the level of prudence with prior periods.
  the external auditor                                                The Committee reviewed and discussed the effects of inflationary




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
• The effectiveness of the Group’s Whistleblowing Policy, which       pressures on claims reserves in relation to both damage and bodily
  sets out the arrangements for raising and handling allegations      injury claims. In addition, the continuing impact of Covid on both
  from whistleblowers, and receiving regular reports on instances     claims frequency and claims severity as well as changes in claims
  of whistleblowing that have been raised                             settlement patterns were considered, as well as scenarios in
• The Committee’s terms of reference                                  relation to the future Ogden rate. The Committee also reviewed
                                                                      management’s assessment of the level of uncertainty inherent
• The Committee’s effectiveness
                                                                      in the claims reserves and changes to that assessment from
• Meetings held with the external auditors, the Group Head of         previous periods.
  Internal Audit, and the Chief Financial Officer, respectively,




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
  without management being present                                    The Committee also received updates from the Group’s external
                                                                      auditor, Deloitte, on its work in relation to this significant audit
Significant issues considered by the Committee                        risk. This included reviewing management’s actuarial data
After discussion with both management and the external                quality assessments, best estimate reserve projections and the
auditor, the Audit Committee determined that the key risks of         margin included above best estimate, as well as support for
misstatement of the Group’s Financial Statements, as in prior         management’s qualitative and quantitative support for gross
years, related to the valuation of gross insurance claims reserves.   claims reserves included in the Financial Statements. Based on
Two additional key audit matters were also identified. Given the      this work, the auditor was satisfied that the financial statement
economic backdrop referenced above, a significant risk was agreed     reserves remain appropriate and consistent with the Group’s




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
in relation to inflation assumptions applied to UK motor bodily       accounting policy.
injury claims reserves given the long-tail nature of the claims and
                                                                      The Committee also received reports on the reserving processes
the current higher inflationary environment.
                                                                      for the Group’s insurance businesses other than UK Car Insurance.
Secondly, given the 1 January 2023 implementation date for
                                                                      Whilst acknowledging that the setting of reserves for claims
IFRS 17, a key audit matter was also highlighted in respect of the
                                                                      which will settle in the future is a complex and judgemental area
2022 year end IAS 8 (Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
                                                                      and having had the opportunity to challenge management’s
Estimates and Errors) disclosures setting out the impact of IFRS 17
                                                                      proposal in respect of both best estimate reserves and margin
on the Group
                                                                      held above best estimate to cover unforeseen deteriorations
These significant issues were discussed with management during        in the best estimate, the Committee is comfortable that an
the year and with the external auditor at the time the Committee      appropriate process has been followed, and that there has been
reviewed and agreed the external auditor’s Group audit plan,          sufficient scrutiny, challenge and debate to give confidence that
when the external auditor reviewed the interim Financial              the reserving levels set provide an appropriate margin above
Statements in August 2022 and also at the conclusion of the           best estimate.
external audit of these full year Financial Statements.
                                                                      Inflation assumptions applied within valuation of UK
Valuation of gross insurance claims reserves                          motor bodily injury claims reserves
The Committee continued to spend significant time reviewing           The Committee placed focus during the year on reviewing
and challenging the approach, methodology and key assumptions         and challenging the approach, data inputs, methodology and
adopted by management in setting reserves for insurance liabilities   key assumptions adopted by management in determining an
in the Financial Statements to ensure consistency with the Group’s    allowance for excess inflation on bodily injury claims, included in
stated reserving approach to set reserves at a prudent level.         gross claims reserves. Whilst acknowledging that ultimate
In this context, the Committee challenged management on               outcome is highly uncertain, the Committee had the opportunity
the important judgements and assumptions used in estimating           to challenge management’s judgements in respect of selected
outstanding claims. Further information is set out in more detail     projections of inflation, in particular future wage inflation as well
in the critical accounting estimates section of Note 3 to the         as the elements of bodily injury claims that will be subject to this
Financial Statements.                                                 excess inflation. The Committee concluded that the data and
                                                                      underlying methodology used in calculating excess inflation was
As in previous periods, the Committee held meetings specifically      reasonable, and in line with market practice and that the inflation
focused on reserving, receiving presentations on UK Car Insurance     assumptions adopted were appropriate.
reserves from the internal actuarial reserving and finance teams,




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
176   Corporate Governance




      Audit Committee Report
      continued

      Other financial reporting issues                                       • Updates as to the status of the software solution for IFRS 17 and
      IFRS 9 provision for expected credit losses                              the dependencies with other finance transformation projects,
      During the year, the Committee has continued to review and               including the implementation of new general ledger systems in
      challenge the IFRS 9 provision for expected credit loss arising          several of the Group’s businesses
      through the Group’s loans business, Admiral Money. Areas of focus      • The financial statement disclosures on the impact of the new
      included the potential impact of UK inflationary pressures and           standard required by IAS 8 (Accounting Policies, Changes in
      the increase in UK market interest rates on default experience,          Accounting Estimates and Errors)
      the assessment of circumstances indicating a significant increase in
      credit risk and underlying forward-looking economic assumptions.       • Updates from the Group’s external auditor on their audit of
                                                                               the Group’s IFRS 17 work and IFRS 17 developments in the
      Further information on the provision and key assumptions are             market generally
      found in Note 3 to the Financial Statements.
                                                                             The Committee also reviewed the presentation to the Group’s
      On the basis of the work performed and having had the                  analyst and investor community on the likely impact of IFRS 17.
      opportunity to challenge management’s proposal in respect
      of the provision for expected credit losses, the Committee was         External audit
      comfortable that an appropriate process has been followed,             External auditor appointment
      noting the enhancements made to the provisioning methodology,          The Group last completed an audit tender during 2020/21 when,
      and that there has been sufficient scrutiny and challenge to give      following the completion of a transparent and independent
      confidence that the provision has been set in line with the IFRS 9     audit tender process, Deloitte LLP were recommended to
      requirements and included appropriate allowance for uncertainties      shareholders as the Group’s auditor at the Annual General Meeting
      arising from the current macro-economic environment.                   (AGM) in April 2021 and a resolution was passed to that effect.
                                                                             The Committee confirms it is in compliance with the provisions
      Misstatements                                                          of the Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies Market
      No material unadjusted audit differences were reported by the
                                                                             Investigation Order 2014.
      external auditor. The Committee confirms that it is satisfied that
      the auditor has fulfilled its responsibilities with diligence and      On the recommendation of the Committee, the Board approved
      appropriate professional scepticism.                                   that Deloitte should be recommended to shareholders for
                                                                             re-appointment as the Group’s auditors at the 2022 AGM.
      After reviewing the presentations and reports from management
                                                                             A resolution to that effect will be proposed at the AGM.
      and consulting, where necessary, with the auditor, the Committee
      is satisfied that the Financial Statements appropriately address       Audit fee
      the critical judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty      During 2022, the Committee reviewed and approved the audit fee
      (both in respect to the amounts reported and the disclosures).         proposal for the 2022 year end Group audit. The agreed fee for the
      The Committee is also satisfied that the significant assumptions       audit and other assurance related services for 2022 is £2.76 million
      used for determining the value of assets and liabilities have been     (2021: £2.25 million), with the increase reflecting inflation in line
      appropriately scrutinised, challenged and are sufficiently robust.     with market increases and the audit work performed to date
                                                                             in relation to the Group’s implementation of IFRS 17 (Insurance
      IFRS 17 implementation                                                 Contracts) and the extended requirements for ESEF (European
      IFRS 17 is a new insurance accounting standard that came into
                                                                             Single Electronic Format).
      effect from 1 January 2023. Given the fundamental changes to
      the Group’s Financial Statements and systems and processes that        The Committee approved the fee increase having discussed with
      will be required because of the new standard, the Committee            the auditor the rationale for the proposal.
      has continued to dedicate a significant amount of time to
      understanding and assessing the impact of the standard on
                                                                             Safeguarding the external auditor’s independence
      the Group’s financial reporting process and the progress of            and objectivity
      implementation of chosen software solutions.                           The Committee reviewed and approved its policy on non-audit
                                                                             services in February 2022 and was satisfied that it continued
      Through the year the Committee received the following updates:         to align with current regulatory guidance. Under the policy,
      • Regular updates as to the programme status, including progress       the Group’s statutory auditor will only be engaged to carry out
        against plans for individual workstreams and other issues such as    non-audit services in exceptional circumstances or where there is
        resourcing levels                                                    a regulatory request, and where agreed by the Committee. This is
                                                                             to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the external
      • The Group’s transition balance sheet as at 1 January 2022,           auditor is safeguarded.
        including the work of the external auditor Deloitte in respect of
        the transition                                                       Pursuant to the policy and unless required by law or regulation,
                                                                             any non-audit services will: a) be subject to ratification by the
      • The policy on judgements and materiality                             Committee, if the cost does not exceed £15,000, or be subject
      • Reports setting out management’s assessment of key technical
        accounting matters and accounting policy choices, including the
        status of the work of the external auditor Deloitte in respect of
        those technical issues

                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              177




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



to prior approval from the Committee where the cost exceeds           discussed the evolution and development of the Internal Audit



                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
£15,000 or such costs in the aggregate exceed £30,000 and b) in       function, and considered the role, competence and effectiveness
aggregate and where applicable, shall not cost more than 70% of       of each internal audit function across the Group. The Group Head
the average statutory audit fee for the past three financial years.   of Internal Audit continues to have responsibility to ensure the
In considering whether to approve such non-audit services, the        quality of the internal audit activities in the Group’s overseas
Committee shall consider whether:                                     locations. The Chairs of the European and US Audit Committees
                                                                      each attended a meeting to provide an update on their
• It is probable that an objective, reasonable and informed
                                                                      respective activities.




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
  third party would conclude that the understanding of the
  Group obtained by the auditor for the audit of the Financial        Members of the Committee also receive all issued audit reports,
  Statements is relevant to the service                               enabling them to challenge the reports’ content, including the
• The nature of the service would compromise                          rating, and related recommendations. The Committee approves
  auditor independence                                                the internal audit plan at the start of each calendar year whilst the
                                                                      effectiveness and workload of the Internal Audit functions and
The Committee will continue to monitor regulatory developments        the adequacy of available resources are monitored throughout
in this area to ensure that its policy on non-audit fees adheres to   the year.
current guidance.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                                                                      The European operations in Spain, Italy and France have a
Effectiveness of the external audit process                           dedicated internal audit team and the US business also has its
The Committee undertakes an annual review to assess the               own locally based team. All reports are evaluated by the Group
independence and objectivity of the external auditor and the          Head of Internal Audit to ensure the quality and effectiveness
effectiveness of the audit process, taking into consideration         of the reported findings, and a summary of the key findings of
relevant professional and regulatory requirements, the progress       each completed audit is provided to the Committee as part of
achieved against the agreed audit plan, and the competence            the Group Head of Internal Audit’s regular Committee update.
with which the auditor handled the key accounting and                 In addition, the UK internal audit function carries out high-level
audit judgements.                                                     governance reviews of all foreign operations, assessing the internal




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
As part of its review, the Committee considered, among other          control frameworks and system of risk management.
things, the following: the output of a questionnaire completed        Committee effectiveness review
by all Committee members and relevant members of the Group’s          The 2022 Committee effectiveness review was conducted by
Finance and Internal Audit functions and the findings of the FRC      an external company, Bvalco Limited. As part of the review,
Audit Quality Reviews (AQR) published in July 2022. Following this    each Committee member was interviewed and asked a series
review, the Committee concluded that the external auditor,            of questions designed to provide objective assessment of
Deloitte LLP, remained independent and that the external audit        the Committee’s performance, including its effectiveness in
process remained effective.                                           monitoring internal and external audit.
Internal audit                                                        The Committee discussed the results of the review at its meeting
The Group Head of Internal Audit attended all Audit Committee         in early February 2023 and concluded that the Committee
meetings and provided a range of presentations and papers             continued to operate effectively and the evaluators highlighted
to the Committee, through which the Committee monitored               good discussions on technically involved matters and efficient
the effectiveness of the Group’s material internal controls,          decision-making. There were some areas identified for further
including financial, operational and compliance controls on           improvement, such as continued focus on the timeliness of the
behalf of the Board.                                                  circulation of papers in advance of meetings.
The Group Head of Internal Audit also carries out an annual review    Whistleblowing
of the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of internal control       On behalf of the Board, the Committee considered and reviewed
and risk management and reports on the outcome of this review         the Group’s whistleblowing policy and received quarterly updates
to the Committee. In February 2023, the Group Head of Internal        on the use and effectiveness of the policy, whistleblowing metrics
Audit reported an adequate level of assurance in relation to the      and the instances of whistleblowing that had been raised across
Group’s arrangements for risk management, control infrastructure,     the Group during the year. During the year, the Committee
governance and fraud prevention controls.                             concluded that the Group’s current whistleblowing arrangements
The Committee reviewed and approved the Group Internal                were an appropriate means by which employees could raise
Audit Policy, which includes the Group Internal Audit Terms of        concerns in confidence and anonymously.
Reference setting out the role; objectives; reporting lines and
accountability; authority; independence; and objectivity of the
Internal Audit function. The Committee also monitored and




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
178   Corporate Governance




      Group Risk Committee Report
      Statement from Andy Crossley
      Interim Chair of the Group Risk Committee
                                                                       Dear Shareholder,
                                                                       As Interim Chair of the Group Risk Committee, I am pleased to
                                                                       present the Committee’s report for 2022.
                                                                       The Committee has received updates on each of the Group
                                                                       businesses as part of the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management
                                                                       Framework (‘ERMF’). Developments considered by the Committee
                                                                       throughout the year included:
                                                                       • Admiral’s risk strategy and approach to risk management
                                                                         including regular reviews of the Group’s risk strategy and
                                                                         risk appetite; consideration of a refreshed suite of Key Risk
                                                                         Indicators; and oversight of the management of material
                                                                         notable risk events
                                                                       • Ongoing risk assessment and monitoring of the impact of
                                                                         inflation, market volatility, Covid-19 and economic outlook on
                                                                         capital and liquidity risks across the Admiral Group
                                                                       • Oversight of work required to ensure Admiral is prepared to
                                                                         meet the challenges of climate change
                                                                       • Developments linked to the launch of new products and the
                                                                         monitoring of plans to develop existing products
                                                                       • Oversight of Admiral’s Technology and Information Security
                                                                         work, including improvements in controls throughout the Group

         “The Group Board is of                                        • The continuing development of the Admiral Internal Model


         the view that the Group’s
                                                                       Risk strategy and approach to risk management: During the year
                                                                       the Committee reviewed and proposed the Group risk strategy

         risk management and
                                                                       and appetite to the Admiral Group Board (hereafter ‘the Board’)
                                                                       for approval. The Committee approved a refresh of the suite of Key

         internal control systems have
                                                                       Risk Indicators with associated triggers and limits, reflecting the
                                                                       updates to the Group Risk Appetite.

         operated effectively during                                   The on-going focus on monitoring and reporting customer
                                                                       outcome risks continues with the Committee reviewing the Group

         the year.”
                                                                       Conduct Risk Framework (aligned with the ERMF). The Committee
                                                                       also reviewed the Group Minimum Standards which continue to be
                                                                       enhanced and embedded.

           Andy Crossley                                               The Committee has spent time on key risks that affect the Group
         	Interim Chair of the Group Risk Committee                   as well as reviewing the management and outcomes of notable
                                                                       risk events reported during the year.


      Committee members
      Focus area                                          Attendance
      Andy Crossley (Interim Chair)
      Jayaprakasa (JP) Rangaswami
                                                             11/11
                                                             11/11
                                                                                 11
                                                                                 9
      Cristina Nestares                                      10/11             meetings
      Karen Green                                              5/5              in 2022
      Jean Park                                               5/11

      The Committee held five scheduled meetings, with a further six
      additional meetings taking place.




                                                                                         Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                179




Group Risk Committee Report
                                                                                                                                                Company Overview
continued

Capital Management: The Committee has reviewed the Group’s                New product developments and existing product escalation:



                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
proposed dividend level, capital plan and capital buffer in line          As a result of the Committee’s oversight of individual Group
with the Capital Policy. The review considered several sensitivities,     entities, combined with the oversight afforded by the Group’s
stress tests and scenarios tests, including assessing the uncertainty     project governance framework, the Committee has considered
around inflation impacts. The Group continues to make use of              and challenged updates relating to material projects and change
Undertaking Specific Parameters (USPs) for AIGL and the Volatility        programmes within the Group, including those designed to
Adjustment (VA) across its UK insurance entities.                         develop new products, and those that will develop and accelerate
                                                                          existing products.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Solvency and Liquidity: The Committee has reviewed and
continues to monitor the Group’s solvency and liquidity positions         Technology and Information Security: The level of oversight of
in response to market volatility and wider economic uncertainty,          Technology Risks including operational resilience has increased
considering factors such as increases in inflation, the wider             over the year with the recruitment of additional resources in these
impact of supply chain disruption, and the pressures on individual        areas and with the embedding of improved KRIs for Technology
household finances.                                                       and Cyber/Information Security risks. The cyber security
                                                                          programme of work in the European Insurance businesses is close
Economic Uncertainty: The Committee has reviewed and
                                                                          to completion, with a number of areas strengthened around cyber
considered developments in the external environment throughout
                                                                          security and business resilience. The GRC has received regular




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
this year. The combination of extraordinary factors such as the
                                                                          updates on these topics including the future technology strategy.
Russian invasion of Ukraine, supply chain disruption, inflation levels,
interest rate increases and political instability have been the           Progress of Admiral Internal Model (AIM): The project team
subject of a number frequent of stress tests. In the UK insurance         has continued to provide status updates against key milestones
market, the impact of whiplash reform and introduction of the             at each Group Risk Committee and Board meeting during 2022.
FCA’s General Insurance Pricing Practices have also been reviewed.        The model enhancement stage is ongoing and expected to
                                                                          conclude in the first half of 2023. The Board will oversee an end-
Covid-19: The impact of Covid-19 on Admiral’s PR&Us, as well as
                                                                          to-end process of reviewing the enhanced model output across
the steps taken to appropriately manage these risks, continues to
                                                                          two year-ends, supported by robust independent validation before




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
be overseen by the GRC, including oversight of the return to the
                                                                          entering a regulatory pre-application process.
office, in line with all applicable local and national guidance.
Climate change: The Committee has received regular updates on
                                                                          Andy Crossley
the work being undertaken relating to climate change to ensure
                                                                          Interim Chair of the Group Risk Committee
that Admiral is meeting current requirements and is appropriately
preparing to meet future challenges. These updates include                7 March 2023
commentary on risk management, investments, ongoing climate-
related-strategic developments, and the changes that may be
necessary for compliance with emerging regulatory requirements.
This is further described in the Viability Statement (page 122),
and additional information on Admiral’s approach to climate
change can be found in disclosures related to the Task Force on
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures framework (page 97).




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
180   Corporate Governance




      Group Risk Committee Report
      continued

      Duties and Responsibilities of the Group Risk Committee               • Reviewing reports from the Group Risk, Group Compliance,
      The duties and responsibilities of the Committee are set out in the     Group Data Protection and Privacy, and Group Internal
      Committee’s Terms of Reference, and were reviewed and approved          Audit functions
      by the Admiral Group Board.                                           • Formally reporting to the Group Audit Committee to facilitate
      The responsibilities of the Committee are:                              their recommendation of the Annual Report and Accounts to
                                                                              the Board on the following key areas and disclosures; principal
      • Overseeing the development, implementation and maintenance            risks and uncertainties, risk management and internal control,
        of the Group’s overall Risk Management Framework and ensuring         viability, risks associated with material transactions and/or
        that it is in line with emerging regulatory, corporate governance     strategic proposals, and the Taskforce on Climate-Related
        and best practice guidelines                                          Financial Disclosures
      • Considering and recommending to the Board for approval the          The Committee Chair reports formally to the Board on the
        Group’s risk appetite, as well as ongoing monitoring and review     Committee’s proceedings after each meeting, on all matters
        of the Group’s risk exposures                                       within its duties and responsibilities, as set out in previously
      • Monitoring the Group’s prudential risk exposure, which includes     circulated minutes to the Board. The Committee Chair also
        ensuring that the Group’s capital resources and liquidity profile   reports on the activities of the Committee in a formal written
        are appropriate to its needs, whilst meeting minimum regulatory     report that is submitted to and discussed by the Board annually.
        requirements, including overseeing and challenging the design
        and execution of the Group’s stress and scenario testing            The work of the Committee is supported by more detailed
                                                                            work undertaken by subsidiary Boards and/or executive Risk
      • Reviewing the Group’s proposed interim and final                    Management Committees in each of the Group’s operational
        dividend payments                                                   entities. At each meeting, the Risk Management Committees
      • Reviewing the annual Group ORSA Report and any required             consider notable: movements in the operation’s risk profile;
        interim ORSA Reports, with recommendations being provided           risk events; and emerging risks. Risk Management Committees
        to the Board for approval                                           also assess and monitor regulatory issues, ensuring that their
      • Reviewing and approving the Solvency II Actuarial Function          resolution and the actions taken are appropriately recorded.
        Reports on Reinsurance and Underwriting each year.                  The Risk Management Committees receive regular information
      • Reviewing the Group’s progress towards approval of the Group’s      on Conduct Risk, such as complaint handling reports and other
        internal capital model                                              related management information. The Group Risk Management
                                                                            function reviews and collates information from across the Group
      • Monitoring the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s Risk       for consideration by the Committee.
        and Compliance functions
      • Approving the annual plans and resourcing for the Group Risk        In addition, to ensure that the Committee is operating effectively,
        and Compliance functions which include reviewing regulatory         it conducts a periodic review of its performance (in 2022,
        developments and any planned meetings between the PRA and           this review was performed externally by Bvalco) and at least
        FCA and the business                                                annually reviews its constitution and terms of reference (last
                                                                            reviewed in November 2022). Any changes it considers necessary
      • Reviewing any significant risk issues that have a material impact   are recommended to the Group Board for approval. As part
        on the customers of the business and / or concern the regulator     of the Committee’s 2022 annual review, performed by Bvalco,
      • Ensuring the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s systems      each Committee member undertook an interview designed to
        and controls for the prevention of financial crime, and data        provide objective assessment of the Committee’s performance,
        protection systems and controls                                     including its effectiveness.
      • Reviewing the Group’s compliance with Solvency II                   The Committee discussed the results of the review at its meeting
      • Considering the annual process for the review and appraisal of      in February 2023 and concluded that, overall, the Committee
        adherence to Group Minimum Standards                                remained effective. An area of focus and improvement for the
      • Reviewing compliance with Group policies, including the             Committee in 2023 was identified as ensuring that effective
        Group’s Reinsurance Policy, Group ORSA Policy, and Group            summaries highlighting major points, results, conclusions or
        Underwriting Policy                                                 recommendations are presented to support more complex Risk
      • Reviewing the proposed risk-based adjustments to                    Committee material.
        remuneration for senior managers and making subsequent
        recommendations for approval to the Group Remuneration
        Committee, as well as providing feedback on the Directors
        Remuneration Policy, and commenting on remuneration
        metrics to help ensure there is no conflict with risk
        management objectives




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 181




                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



Summary of Key Group Risk Committee Activities in 2022                  Principal risks and uncertainties


                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
During the year the Committee:                                          The Board of Directors confirms that it has performed a
                                                                        robust assessment of the Group’s principal and emerging risks.
• Reviewed the Group’s updated Risk Strategy, Risk Appetite and
                                                                        These risks, along with explanations of how they are being
  associated triggers and limits in the context of the Group’s
                                                                        managed and mitigated, are included in the Strategic Report,
  agreed strategic objectives
                                                                        page 114.
• Received and challenged regular updates related to
  Covid-19, including: impact on the Group’s principal risks and        Information on how key risk drivers have impacted on the Group’s




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
  uncertainties; staff health and wellbeing; return to office           principal risks has been included within the Viability Statement,
  plans; IT and information security updates; and the impact to         page 122.
  subsidiaries within the Group                                         Risk management and internal control systems
• Recommended the “2022 Group ORSA Report” and ORSA                     The system of risk management and internal control over Admiral’s
  Policy for Board approval prior to submission of the report           insurance, operational, market, credit and group risk is designed
  to the regulator                                                      to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
• Reviewed the Group’s proposed dividend level, capital plan            business objectives and breaches of risk appetites.
  and capital buffer in line with the Capital Policy                    Furthermore, risk management can only provide reasonable and




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
• Reviewed the Group’s regulatory capital add-on application            not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
  as part of Solvency II capital requirements                           The Group Board is ultimately responsible for the Group’s system
• Received regular monitoring reports on customer outcome risk          of risk management and internal control and the Audit Committee
  and reviewed updates to the Group Minimum Standards and               has reviewed the effectiveness of this system (a summary of
  Policy Framework                                                      Audit Committee duties and responsibilities, as well as key Audit
                                                                        Committee activities in 2022 is available on page 171).
• Received in-depth updates of individual Group entities,
  including Admiral Europe Compañia De Seguros (AECS),                  The Group Board is of the view: that there is an ongoing process for
  EUI, Admiral Money (AFSL), Elephant and Able                          identifying, evaluating and managing the Group’s risks and internal




                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
• Considered in-depth analysis of a number of the Group’s most          controls; that it has been in place for the year ended 31 December
  significant risk areas, via stress and scenario testing and reverse   2022 and that it has operated effectively; and that, up to the
  stress testing                                                        date of approval of the Annual Report and Accounts, it is regularly
                                                                        reviewed by the Group Board and accords with the internal
• Considered the adequacy of risk mitigation measures
                                                                        control guidance for Directors provided in the 2018 UK Corporate
  and contingency plans including a review of the Group’s
                                                                        Governance Code.
  reinsurance provisions
• Dedicated a significant amount of time to the development             The Group Board confirms that it has performed a robust
  of the Admiral internal model, receiving regular updates on the       assessment of the Group’s principal and emerging risks.
  progress of the project and providing challenge to key project        These risks, along with explanations of how they are being
  work streams, in particular the model validation                      managed and mitigated, are included in the Strategic Report
                                                                        on page 114, with key risk drivers impacting Admiral’s principal
• Received regular updates on climate change-related initiatives,
                                                                        risks and uncertainties being further discussed in the Viability
  including continued progress to reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions,
                                                                        Statement on page 122. The Group Board is responsible for
  progress to validating scope 3 emissions, and updates on
                                                                        determining the nature and extent of the principal risks it is
  staff involvement
                                                                        willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives. This assessment
• Received regular risk monitoring reports on performance of Key        supports the Group Board in monitoring the integrity of the
  Risk Indicators within the overall risk management framework.         Group’s reported Financial Statements.
• Received updates on the impact of notable risk events
                                                                        The Group Board meets at least seven times a year to discuss the
  throughout 2022
                                                                        direction of the Group and to provide oversight of the Group’s risk
• Received regular updates in relation to key programmes of             management and internal control systems.
  work including IFRS 17, Neo, Guidewire Upgrade and PCI
  Agentless Payments, as part of the Group’s enhanced project           The Group Board has delegated the development, implementation
  governance framework                                                  and maintenance of the Group’s overall risk management
                                                                        framework to the Group Risk Committee (GRC). The GRC reports
• Considered the annual renewal of the Group’s corporate
                                                                        on its activities to the Group Board and the GAC, supporting the
  insurance coverage




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
182   Corporate Governance




      Group Risk Committee Report
      continued

      overall assurance provided by the GAC that the Group’s internal         The Subsidiary Boards, GRC, and entity Risk Committees receive
      control, risk management and compliance systems continue to             reports setting out key performance and risk indicators and
      operate effectively.                                                    consider possible control issues brought to their attention
                                                                              by early warning mechanisms that are embedded within the
      The Group Board has delegated to the GAC the review of the
                                                                              operational units. They, together with the GAC, also receive
      adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s internal financial
                                                                              regular reports from the Internal Audit function, which
      controls, and internal control and risk management systems.
                                                                              include recommendations for improvement of the control and
      The Group operates a “three lines of defence” approach to Risk          operational environments.
      and Internal Control.
                                                                              The Chair of the GRC provides a written report to the Group Board
      1st Line of Defence: The Group Board recognises that the day-to-        of the activities carried out by the Committee on an annual basis
      day responsibility for implementing policies for risk identification,   (a summary of GRC duties and responsibilities, as well as key GRC
      assessment and management lies with the senior management,              activities in 2022 is available on pages 178 to 182). In addition, the
      whose operational decisions must take into account risk and how         Group Board receives reports from the Chair of the GAC as to its
      it can be controlled effectively.                                       activities, together with copies of the minutes from Subsidiary
                                                                              Board meetings, the GRC and the GAC.
      2nd Line of Defence: The “second line of defence” is led by the
      Group Chief Risk Officer and comprises the Corporate Governance         The GAC’s ability to provide assurance to the Group Board depends
      functions and Committees that are in place to provide oversight         on the provision of periodic and independent confirmation,
      of the effective operation of the internal control framework.           primarily by Group Internal Audit, that the controls established
      The Corporate Governance functions facilitate the oversight and         by Management are operating effectively and where necessary
      operation of the Group Policy Framework and Group Minimum               provides a high-level challenge to the steps being taken by the
      Standards, covering risk management and controls for all notable        GRC to implement the risk management strategy.
      risks to the Group. The Corporate Governance functions perform
      second line reviews, including reviews of the capital modelling
      and business planning processes to support the Group Board’s
      assessment of the Group’s on-going viability. Regular reviews of
      all risks are undertaken in conjunction with senior management,
      with the results of these reviews recorded in risk registers and
      reported to the appropriate governance forums and Boards.
      3rd Line of Defence: The “third line of defence” comprises the
      independent assurance provided by the GAC and the Group
      Internal Audit function. Internal Audit undertakes a programme
      of risk-based audits covering all aspects of both the first and
      second lines of defence. The findings from these audits are
      reported to all three lines, i.e. Management, the Executive and
      oversight Committees, and the GAC.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                183




Remuneration Committee Report
                                                                                                                                                                Company Overview



                                                                                        Dear Shareholder,


                                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
                                                                                        On behalf of the Remuneration Committee, I am delighted to
                                                                                        present the Director’s Remuneration Report for the year ended
                                                                                        31 December 2022.
                                                                                        I would like to thank shareholders for supporting Admiral’s Annual
                                                                                        Report on Remuneration at the April 2022 AGM with a vote of
                                                                                        97.31%. I look forward to welcoming you at our AGM in 2023 and




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                        to your continued support for this year’s remuneration resolution.
                                                                                        2022 Business Context
                                                                                        2022 has been another turbulent year where we have needed to
                                                                                        be agile in adapting to fast developing circumstances to arrive at
                                                                                        the right outcomes quickly, but robustly for all our stakeholders.
                                                                                        As Milena has made clear in her statement this year, while we
                                                                                        haven’t been immune to external conditions, we continued to
                                                                                        deliver the right products and service to our customers, and




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                                                        in return we have grown our customer base to 9.28 million,
                                                                                        while delivering profits of £469 million. This is a solid performance
                                                                                        in uncertain times. We have been able to deliver this performance
                                                                                        because we reacted quickly to the changing market conditions.
                                                                                        We needed to show agility to support the people who work for
                                                                                        Admiral and whose dedication and hard work make our business
    “For Admiral, like man y                                                            successful. During 2022 we have taken steps to ensure our people

    other companies, 2022 has
                                                                                        are supported through the cost-of-living challenge.




                                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
    been a challenging year
    when it comes to pa y for our
    people affected by the rising
    cost of living. The Committee
    have been focused on how we
    support all the people who
    work for Admiral.”
      Evelyn Bourke
    	Chair of the Remuneration Committee


Committee members
Focus area                                                              Attendance
Evelyn Bourke (Chair)
Jean Park
                                                                                 9/9
                                                                                 4/9                9
Mike Brierley                                                                    8/91           meetings
1 Michael Brierley was unable to attend one ad hoc meeting of the Remuneration
  Committee called at short notice on 27 October 2022
                                                                                                 in 2022




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
184   Corporate Governance




      Remuneration Committee Report
      continued

      Pay across the Group – Supporting our people                          2022 DFSS Award
      We recognised the extra squeeze many of our people felt.              On 26th September 2022, Milena Mondini de Focatiis was granted
      The increases in energy prices, rising inflation, and general cost    an award of 90,000 shares and Geraint Jones was granted an award
      of living pressures have been on everyone’s minds during 2022.        of 52,500 shares under the DFSS. Using the share price on the date
      Our colleagues have always been at the heart of our business,         of the grant of £21.21, this is the equivalent to £1,908,900 or 267%
      so we automatically sought to support them through this difficult     of Milena’s base salary and £1,113,525 or 267% of Geraint’s base
      time. Our response was tailored by population and to the situation    salary respectively.
      in countries where we have operations to ensure we delivered the
                                                                            The awards will vest based on:
      right solutions.
                                                                            • EPS – 26.67% weighting
      During 2022 we provided cost-of-living support payments to
      help with rising costs, particularly over the winter months.          • TSR vs. FTSE 350 (excluding investment companies) –
      These payments are on top of additional salary increases awarded        26.67% weighting
      to a significant number of colleagues as part of our ongoing review   • RoE – 26.67% weighting, and
      of how we reward colleagues at Admiral. We also provided support      • the average outcomes of the scorecards of Non-Financial
      to colleagues in a less direct way though free car parking and          Metrics used to assess DFSS bonus adjustments over the
      discounts in the office restaurants. Finally, we have reminded our      performance period – 20% weighting
      people of the support that is always available to them, but which
      may be even more relevant at the moment such as discounts on          There will also be the potential for downwards adjustment subject
      the weekly supermarket shop, mortgage review services as well         to an assessment which will take account of risk events which are
      as free debt advice and life event loans.                             considered to have a material customer, regulatory or financial
                                                                            impact over the course of the performance period. Further details
      Remuneration for 2022                                                 can be found on page 201.
      Taking into account the approved remuneration structure and
      Admiral’s business performance, the Committee made the                2022 DFSS Financial Measures review
      following decisions during 2022:                                      One of the key changes to the way we have implemented
                                                                            remuneration during 2022 is a review of the performance range
      2020–22 Discretionary Free Shares Scheme (DFSS)                       for the financial measures that apply to the 2022 DFSS which
      Based on our performance for the period 2020–2022, 59.24% and         covers the performance period from 2022 to 2024.
      59.21% of the DFSS award granted in 2020 will vest to Milena
      Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones, respectively.                  The financial performance ranges for the financial performance
                                                                            measures are set at the point of each grant of the awards.
      The 2020 DFSS awards were granted during the pandemic,                The grants are usually made in the autumn. Over several years
      a period when the shares price were lower in many companies.          the measures and the performance ranges have been largely
      The awards granted under the DFSS are a fixed number of shares.       unchanged from one year to the next. However, in 2022 the
      As such the awards granted to Milena Mondini de Focatiis and          Remuneration Committee has reviewed the performance ranges
      Geraint Jones in 2020 were not impacted by the change in the          that apply to awards granted on 26th September 2022 and
      share price. However, as always, the Committee have given             approved a change. This impacts approximately 4,000 people
      thorough consideration to the outcomes to satisfy themselves          in the Group, including Milena and Geraint as Group CEO and
      that it is reflective of the overall performance of the Group.        Group CFO.
      The full details of the vesting outcomes are on page 199.             The Remuneration Committee believe it is appropriate to make
                                                                            the changes to the performance ranges in 2022 to reflect both
      2022 DFSS Bonus
                                                                            the unique operating environment experienced during the
      Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones will receive a DFSS
                                                                            pandemic and to ensure they reflect the growth strategy of
      bonus of £399,085 and £260,516 respectively. This bonus is
                                                                            the Group. Without this change it is extremely likely that the
      equivalent to dividends which would have been paid during the
                                                                            vesting outcome would be nil which would undermine the reward
      year on all outstanding DFSS and salary shares awarded, but not
                                                                            and retention elements of the scheme for both the company
      yet vested, plus a 6.48% adjustment for performance against a
                                                                            and participants.
      scorecard of Non-Financial Metrics. In addition, the DFSS bonus
      was subject to a potential downward adjustment to take into           In summary, the Earnings Per Share (EPS) performance range has
      account any risk events which were considered to have a material      been set on an absolute EPS outcome rather than growth because
      customer, regulatory or financial impact. For this year there were    the pandemic resulted in exceptional EPS outcomes in 2020 and
      no such risk adjustments. The full details of the DFSS bonus          2021 that make an EPS growth measure unachievable, 2021 would
      calculations are on page 200.                                         be the basis year for any growth. The Return On Equity (ROE)
                                                                            performance range has been set to reflect the current growth and
                                                                            diversification strategy and business mix. The Total Shareholder
                                                                            Return (TSR) target remains unchanged from previous schemes.




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              185




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



Admiral has always focused on building a long-term sustainable         Composition of the Remuneration Committee


                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
business and has adopted a flexible approach to optimise               As mentioned elsewhere in the Annual Report, Jean Park retired
outcomes in the medium term so as to maintain a focus on               from the Board and all her committee memberships in January
creating long term value. We believe this approach is a key factor     2023. I would like to thank her for her invaluable contribution to
in our success. In making these adjustments the Remuneration           the Committee and wish her all the very best for the future.
Committee continue to support this approach, while seeking to
                                                                       I would like to extend my thanks to JP Rangaswami for his insightful
ensure that the DFSS will continue to act as an incentive for all
                                                                       contribution as Interim Member of the Remuneration Committee
the participants and align them to delivering strong results for




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                       over the course of 2022.
all our stakeholders.
                                                                       As Justine Roberts has recently joined the Remuneration Committee,
We engaged with our major shareholders, who were generally very
                                                                       I would like to extend a warm welcome to her, and I am sure her
supportive of the changes.
                                                                       people and remuneration expertise will be highly valuable to
Full detail of the change to the 2022 DFSS financial targets can be    the Committee.
found in the Annual Report on Remuneration on page 200.
                                                                       Looking ahead
2023 remuneration arrangements                                         Our Directors’ Remuneration Policy, approved by shareholders
Executive Director remuneration arrangements for 2023 will             at the 2021 AGM for a period of three years, is nearing its end




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
continue to be in line with the 2021 Remuneration Policy.              and is scheduled for renewal and shareholder vote at the 2024
                                                                       AGM. The Committee will consider how the policy and its
Milena Mondini de Focatiis’ salary was increased by 3.00% to
                                                                       implementation will need to evolve to ensure the continued
£737,326 and Geraint Jones’s salary was increased by 4.00% to
                                                                       alignment to our strategy and purpose. Simplicity and
£433,472, effective from 1 January 2023. These increases are below
                                                                       transparency will be key areas of focus for the review.
the proposed base pay changes across the wider Group for 2023.
We anticipate the average increase to be in the order of 5% as we      We will complete this review during 2023 and will undertake
continue to support our people through the impact of the highly        a consultation with our regulators and largest shareholders to
inflationary environment.                                              understand their perspectives on any changes and will take careful




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
                                                                       consideration of feedback received before finalising the proposals.
It is anticipated that Milena Mondini de Focatiis will be granted an
award of 90,000 shares and Geraint Jones will be granted an award      The Annual Report on Remuneration (subject to an advisory vote)
of 52,500 shares under the DFSS for 2023. The Committee will           will be put to our shareholders at the AGM in 2023. We hope
review these awards prior to the September grant date to ensure        that you vote in favour of the report. I am available to discuss
the quantum remains appropriate.                                       our Remuneration Policy and Annual Report on Remuneration
                                                                       with shareholders.
The Committee reviewed the metrics that will apply to DFSS
and DFSS bonus awards for 2023. Further details are shown on
page 200. In particular, the Committee considered the use of           Evelyn Bourke
Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) measures. For 2023,       Chair of the Remuneration Committee
DFSS and DFSS bonus awards will be subject to performance
ranges based on diversity in senior management and across the          7 March 2023
Group. We plan to include targets for climate impact when we
have completed the validation of our scope 3 emissions, and once
Science-Based Targets have been set. The Committee will keep
this under close review during 2023.
In addition to the Executive Director arrangements for 2023 the
Committee has agreed the package for the incoming Group Chair,
details of which can be found on page 205.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
186   Corporate Governance




      Remuneration at a Glance


      How did we perform during 2022?


                                                                                                                    “I would like to thank
                                                                                                                      shareholders for
             Earnings per share (pence)                                 Return on equity (%)
                                                                                                                      supporting Annual
                124.3p                                                         35%                                    Report on Remuneration
                                                                                                                      at the April 2022 AGM
                       (2021: 212.2p)                                          (2021: 56%)



                                                                                                                      with a vote of 97.31%.”
                                                                                                                    Evelyn Bourke
                   Full year dividend                                           1 year TSR                          Chair of the Remuneration Committee
                   per share (pence)


                       112p                                               -26%
                       (2021: 187p)



      10-year TSR performance: Admiral vs. FTSE100                                                                 What did our Executive Directors earn in 2022?
      and FTSE350 indices                                                                                          • Pension, benefits and SIP includes 2022 pension contribution of
      Growth in the value of a hypothetical £100 holding over ten years                                              £15,000, and £15,000 for the CEO and CFO, respectively
      to 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                   • DFSS bonus of £399,085 and £260,516 for the CEO and CFO,
                                                                                                                     including an adjustment for performance against scorecards of
      £500                                                                                                           non-financial measures
                                                                                                                   • DFSS value for the CEO and CFO relates to 59.24% and 59.21%
                                                                                                                     of their 2020 DFSS awards vesting, respectively

      £400




                                                                                                                                              £1,016,647
      £300




      £200

                                                                                                                                              £399,085                      £537,942


                                                                                                                                              £19,069

      £100                                                                                                                                                                  £260,516

                                                                                                                                                                            £19,069
                                                                                                                                              £715,850

                                                                                                                                                                            £416,800


      £0
              Dec 12   Dec 13   Dec 14     Dec 15   Dec 16   Dec 17   Dec 18   Dec 19   Dec 20   Dec 21   Dec 22                    CEO                              CFO

             Admiral            FTSE 100             FTSE 350                                                            Salary    Pension, benefits & SIP   DFSS Bonus    DFSS Shares


                                                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             187




Director’s Remuneration Policy
                                                                                                                                             Company Overview



Compliance Statement


                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
This Remuneration Report has been prepared according to the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act), Regulation 11
and Schedule 8 of the Large and Medium-Sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) (Amendment) Regulations 2018,
the Companies (Directors’ Remuneration Policy and Directors’ Remuneration Report) Regulations 2019 and other relevant requirements
of the FCA Listing Rules. In addition, the Board has adopted the principles of good corporate governance set out in the UK Corporate
Governance Code (the Code) and the guidelines issued by its leading shareholders and bodies such as ISS, the Investment Association,
and the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Unless otherwise stated, information contained within this Remuneration Report is unaudited.
The following Remuneration Policy (the “2021 Policy”) was approved by a 98.6% shareholder vote and therefore came into effect from
the April 2021 AGM. There have been no changes to the Remuneration Policy since the 2021 AGM.


   Compliance with the Code Principles
   UK Code
   Principle       Description                                               References




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                   Remuneration policies and practices should be             • Key Principles on page 187
     Principle     designed to support strategy and promote long-            • Executive Director Remuneration Policy on page 187
         P         term sustainable success. Executive remuneration
                                                                             • Remuneration outcomes for 2022 on page 199
                   should be aligned to company purpose and values
                   and be clearly linked to the successful delivery of the   • Implementation of remuneration policy for 2023 on
                   company’s long-term strategy.                               page 196


                   A formal and transparent procedure for developing         • Executive Director Remuneration Policy on page 187
     Principle     policy on executive remuneration and determining




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
                                                                             • Incentive outcomes on page 199
         Q         director and senior management remuneration
                                                                             • Remuneration Committee overview on page 183
                   should be established. No director should be involved
                   in deciding their own remuneration outcome.

                   Directors should exercise independent judgement           • Remuneration outcomes for 2022 on page 199
     Principle     and discretion when authorising remuneration              • Remuneration Committee overview on page 183
         R         outcomes, taking account of company and individual
                   performance, and wider circumstances.



Key Principles of Admiral Remuneration Arrangements
The Group is committed to the primary objective of maximising shareholder value over time in a way that also promotes effective risk
management and excellent customer outcomes ensuring that there is a strong link between performance and reward. This is reflected
in the Group’s stated Remuneration Policy of paying competitive, performance-linked and shareholder-aligned total remuneration
packages comprising basic salaries coupled with participation in performance-based share schemes to generate competitive total reward
packages for superior performance. The Board is satisfied that this Policy continues to meet the objectives of attracting and retaining
high quality executives across the Group. This policy will be reviewed in 2023 as part of the usual three year review and will be put to a
shareholder vote at the 2024 AGM.
The Committee reviews the remuneration framework and packages of the Executive Directors and senior managers and recognises the
need to ensure that the Remuneration Policy is firmly linked to the Group’s strategy, including its risk management approach. In setting
the Policy and making remuneration decisions, the Committee takes into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Group. The main
principles underlying the Remuneration Policy are:
• Competitive total package – the Group aims to deliver total remuneration packages that are market-competitive, taking into account
  the role, job size, responsibility, and the individual’s performance and effectiveness. Prevailing market and economic conditions and
  developments in governance are also considered, as are general salary levels throughout the organisation
• Significantly share-based – our base salaries are typically targeted towards the lower end of market but are combined with
  meaningful annual share awards that vest on long-term performance to ensure strong alignment with shareholders and the long-
  term interests of the Group. Executives are also encouraged to build up significant shareholdings in the Group to strengthen
  shareholder alignment
• Long-term perspective – a significant part of senior executives’ remuneration is based on the achievement of appropriate but
  stretching performance ranges that support the delivery of the Group’s strategy and shareholder value. The extended performance
  and vesting horizons promote a long-term perspective that is appropriate to the insurance sector
Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
188   Corporate Governance




      Director’s Remuneration Policy
      continued

      • Effective risk management – incentives are designed to ensure they do not encourage excessive risk-taking. They are aligned with
        the delivery of positive customer outcomes and reinforce the Group’s risk policy
      • Open and honest culture – the Group has a strong culture of focussing on collective success, whilst still recognising individual
        contribution to the Group’s performance, and this is reflected in our remuneration structure across the business, and
      • Transparency for stakeholders – the remuneration structure is designed to be easy to understand, and all aspects are clear to
        employees and openly communicated to employees, shareholders, and regulators
      Remuneration Policy table
      This table describes the key components of the remuneration arrangements for Executive Directors.
      Purpose and link to strategy   Operation                                        Opportunity and performance metrics
      Base Salary                    Salaries are reviewed annually or following a    Any salary increases are applied in line with the outcome
      To attract and retain          significant change in responsibilities.          of the review.
      talent by setting
                                     Salary levels/increases take account of:         In respect of existing Executive Directors, it is anticipated
      base salaries at levels
                                                                                      that increases in cash salary will not normally exceed
      appropriate for                • Scope and responsibility of the position
                                                                                      the increase for the general employee population over
      the business.                  • Individual performance and effectiveness,      the term of this Policy. More significant increases may
                                       and experience of the individual in the role   be awarded in certain circumstances including, but not
                                     • Average increase awarded across the Group      limited to: where there has been a significant increase in
                                                                                      role size or complexity, to apply salary progression for a
                                                                                      newly appointed Executive Director, or where the Executive
                                                                                      Director’s salary has fallen significantly behind market.
                                                                                      Where increases are awarded in excess of that for the
                                                                                      general employee population, the Committee will
                                                                                      provide the rationale in the relevant year’s Annual Report
                                                                                      on Remuneration.
      Pension                        The Group operates a Personal Pension Plan,      In the UK, the Group matches employee contributions up
      To provide                     a Defined Contribution Scheme.                   to a maximum of 6% of base salary subject to an overall
      retirement benefits.                                                            maximum employer contribution of £15,000 or provides the
                                                                                      equivalent value in cash. Base salary is the only element of
                                     This is available to all employees following     remuneration that is pensionable.
                                     completion of their probationary period.
                                                                                      The pension provision and rules are the same for Executive
                                                                                      Directors and the main body of staff.
      Other Benefits                 Includes (but not limited to):                   Benefits may vary by role.
      To provide
                                     • Death in service scheme                        None of the existing Executive Directors received total
      competitive benefits.
                                     • Private medical cover                          taxable benefits exceeding 5% of base salary during the
                                                                                      most recent financial year, and it is not anticipated that the
                                     • Permanent health insurance
                                                                                      cost of benefits provided will exceed this level over the term
                                     • Relocation, at the Committee’s discretion      of this Policy.
                                     All benefits are non-pensionable                 The Committee retains the discretion to approve a
                                                                                      higher cost in exceptional circumstances (e.g., relocation),
                                                                                      or in circumstances driven by factors outside the
                                                                                      Company’s control (e.g., material increases in healthcare
                                                                                      insurance premiums).




                                                                                                   Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                    189




                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
Purpose and link to strategy   Operation                                               Opportunity and performance metrics
Discretionary Free             Executive Directors may be granted awards               Maximum opportunity: A maximum face value on award
Share Scheme (DFSS)            annually at the discretion of the Committee.            of 500% of base salary applies. Threshold performance will
To motivate and                                                                        result in vesting of up to 25% of the maximum award.
                               Awards may be in the form of nil or nominal
reward longer term
                               priced options or conditional shares. Awards are        DFSS shares are granted as a fixed number of shares
performance, aid
                               normally granted on an annual basis and vest            (subject to the quantum limits of the plan, as described
long term retention
                               after a minimum of three years subject to Group         above). The number granted is reviewed and may be




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
of key executive
                               performance and continued employment.                   adjusted by the Committee, for example, if there has been
talent, use capital
                                                                                       a significant change in share price.
efficiently, grow              A two-year holding period applies to vested
profits sustainably            awards, during which time Executive Directors           Vesting of DFSS awards is subject to the Group’s
and further                    may not sell the vested awards except to cover          performance over a three-year performance period.
strengthen the                 tax liabilities.                                        The performance measures may include EPS growth,
alignment of                                                                           ROE, relative TSR and a scorecard of Non-Financial metrics
                               Awards are subject to a potential downwards
the interests                                                                          selected by the Committee. Details of the measures,
                               adjustment based on an assessment to take into
of shareholders                                                                        weightings and performance ranges used for specific
                               account of risk events which are considered to




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
and staff.                                                                             DFSS grants are included in the relevant year’s Annual
                               have a material customer, regulatory or financial
                                                                                       Report on Remuneration.
                               impact over the course of the performance period.
                               Awards are subject to malus and clawback
                               provisions, i.e., forfeiture or reduction of
                               unvested awards and recovery of vested awards.
                               Events which may lead to the application of malus
                               and clawback are set out in the Group’s Malus
                               and Clawback Framework and include material




                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
                               financial misstatement, responsibility for conduct
                               which results in significant losses, material failure
                               of risk management, misconduct, reputational
                               damage and corporate failure.
                               The Remuneration Committee has discretion to
                               adjust the formulaic vesting outcome to ensure
                               the final outcome is a fair and true reflection of
                               underlying business performance, both financial
                               and non-financial.
The DFSS bonus                 To incentivise shareholder value creation and           Maximum opportunity: sum equal to the dividends payable
To further align               efficient use of capital, management participates       during the year on awarded but unvested DFSS shares,
incentive structures           in a bonus scheme which directly links their            subject also to a possible 20% upwards or downwards
with shareholder               awards to dividends paid to shareholders. Bonus is      adjustment based on performance against a scorecard of
interests through the          calculated to be equivalent to dividends that           non-financial metrics.
delivery of dividend           would have been payable during the year on all
                                                                                       No bonus is payable unless dividends are payable on
equivalent bonuses.            outstanding DFSS shares awarded but not vested.
                                                                                       Admiral shares.
                               The DFSS bonus is subject to a +/- 20%
                               adjustment based on performance against targets
                               based on a set of strategic, customer and other
                               non-financial metrics. Whilst the bonus may be
                               adjusted upwards or downwards by up to 20%
                               in any given year, it is not anticipated that the
                               adjustment will increase the Executive Directors’
                               remuneration on average over the long term.
                               The DFSS bonus is subject to the Group’s Malus
                               and Clawback Framework.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
190   Corporate Governance




      Director’s Remuneration Policy
      continued

      Purpose and link to strategy   Operation                                              Opportunity and performance metrics
      Approved Free Share            All eligible UK employees participate in the SIP       The SIP is an all-employee scheme and Executive Directors
      Incentive Plan (SIP)           after completing a minimum 12 months’ service.         participate on the same terms as other employees.
      To encourage share             Grants are made twice a year based on the results      The acquisition of shares is therefore not subject to the
      ownership across all           of each half year and vest after three years subject   satisfaction of a performance target.
      employees, using               to continued employment.
                                                                                            Maximum opportunity is in line with HMRC limits.
      HMRC approved
      schemes for eligible
      UK employees.
      In-employment                  Guideline to be met within five years of the later     400% of base salary.
      shareholding                   of the introduction of the guidelines and an
      requirement                    Executive Director’s appointment.
      To align interests of
      Executive Directors
      with shareholders.
      Post-termination               Shareholding required to be maintained at the       400% of base salary (or number of shares held at time of
      shareholding                   in-employment requirement (or number of shares termination, if lower).
      requirement                    held at time of termination, if lower) for a period
      To further align the           of two years post termination.
      interests of Executive
      Directors with
      shareholders and
      encourage a focus on
      long-term sustainable
      performance

      The Committee is satisfied that the above Remuneration Policy is in the best interests of shareholders and does not promote excessive
      risk-taking. The Committee retains discretion to make changes required to satisfy legal or regulatory requirements and other non-
      significant changes to the Remuneration Policy without reverting to shareholders.
      Notes to the Remuneration Policy table
      Payments from Existing Awards
      Executive Directors are eligible to receive payment from any award made prior to the approval and implementation of the 2021
      Remuneration Policy. This includes all outstanding awards under the previous 2015 and 2018 Remuneration Policies, or any awards made
      prior to appointment to the Board. Details of any such payments will be set out in the Annual Report on Remuneration as they arise.
      Selection of Performance Measures
      Vesting under the DFSS is linked to the following financial measures: EPS, ROE, and relative TSR.
      EPS has been selected as a performance measure as the Committee feels it is a strong indicator of both long-term shareholder return
      and the underlying financial performance of the business. It is transparent and highly visible to executives.
      ROE has been selected as the Committee believes that a returns metric reinforces the focus on capital efficiency and delivery of strong
      returns for our shareholders, thereby further strengthening the alignment of incentives with Admiral’s strategy.
      Relative TSR vs. the FTSE 350 (excluding investment companies) has been selected to reflect value creation for Admiral’s shareholders as
      compared to the general market.
      Since the 2019 award, vesting of DFSS awards is also linked to non-financial measures which may include strategic, customer and other
      measures. The Committee believes that the additional emphasis on these measures reinforces Admiral’s focus on our customers and
      on other non-financial Group priorities, whilst also more clearly demonstrating alignment of Group remuneration practices with the
      requirements of Solvency II.
      The specific performance measures and their respective weightings in respect of each DFSS award may vary to reflect the strategic
      priorities at the time of the award.
      Performance ranges are set taking into account the Company’s strategic priorities and the economic environment in which the Company
      operates. The Committee believes that the performance ranges set are stretching and motivational, and that maximum outcomes are
      available only for outstanding performance.




                                                                                                         Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                          191




                                                                                                                                          Company Overview



Remuneration Policy for Other Employees


                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
The Company’s approach to annual salary reviews is consistent across the Group, with consideration given to the role size, complexity,
experience required, individual performance and pay levels in comparable companies.
In general, the Remuneration Policy which applies to other senior executives is consistent with that for Executive Directors.
Remuneration is typically linked to Company and individual performance in a way that reinforces shareholder value creation.
Around 4,000 employees from across the Group, including the Executive Directors, participate in the DFSS. The Committee determines




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
DFSS awards for those executives within its remit and on an aggregate basis for all other participants in the DFSS. For the Executive
Directors, all DFSS share awards are subject to performance conditions. For other senior managers and employees, a proportion of awards
(ranging from half to two-thirds) are subject to performance, with performance conditions either in line with those described above
or set based on key performance drivers of the individual’s relevant business unit, and the remainder has no performance conditions
attached other than the requirement that the recipient remains an employee of the Group at the date of vesting. Award sizes vary by
organisational level and an assessment of both financial and non-financial individual and business unit performance.
All holders of DFSS awards receive the DFSS bonus, with the bonus for a number of senior managers being adjusted for performance
against a scorecard of customer and other non-financial metrics.




                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
The Company operates a personal pension scheme which is available to all employees once they have completed their probationary
period. For all employees, including the Executive Directors, the Company matches the employee contribution up to a maximum of 6%
of salary, subject to an overall maximum of £15,000 or provides the equivalent value in cash.
All UK employees who have served a minimum tenure at Admiral are eligible to participate in the SIP on the same terms. Most overseas
employees receive an equivalent award to the UK SIP awards and these awards have no performance measures attached.
Service Contracts and Leaver/Change of Control Provisions
The Company’s Policy is to limit payments upon termination of employment to pre-established contractual arrangements. In the event
that the employment of an Executive Director is terminated, any compensation payable will be determined in accordance with the terms




                                                                                                                                          Additional Information
of the service contract between the Company and the employee, as well as the rules of any incentive plans. Under normal circumstances,
Executive Directors are entitled to receive termination payments in lieu of notice based on base salary and compensation for loss of
benefits. The Company has the ability to pay such sums in instalments. The notice period for all Executive Directors is one year.
Executive Director                            Date of appointment                           Contract duration
Geraint Jones                                 13 August 2014                                Rolling contract, 12-month notice period
Milena Mondini de Focatiis                    11 August 2020                                Rolling contract, 12-month notice period




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
192   Corporate Governance




      Director’s Remuneration Policy
      continued

      There is no provision in the Executive Directors’ contracts for compensation to be payable on early termination of their contract over and
      above the notice period element. The Executive Directors’ service contracts are available to view at the Company’s registered office.
      When considering termination payments, the Committee reviews all potential incentive outcomes to ensure they are fair to both
      shareholders and participants. The table below summarises how the awards under the DFSS and DFSS bonus scheme are typically treated
      in specific circumstances, with the final treatment remaining subject to the Committee’s discretion:
      Plan                    Scenario                               Treatment of awards                                    Timing of vesting
      DFSS                    Resignation.                           Awards lapse under most circumstances e.g.,            n/a
                                                                     dismissal for cause or resignation.
                              Death, injury or disability,           Any unvested award will be pro-rated for time          Normal vesting date.
                              redundancy, retirement, or any         with reference to the proportion of the vesting
                              other reasons the Committee            period remaining at termination, and performance,
                              may determine.                         unless the Committee determines otherwise.
                              Change of control.                     Unless the Committee determines otherwise,             Immediately.
                                                                     any unvested award will be pro-rated for time
                                                                     with reference to the proportion of the vesting
                                                                     period remaining at change of control, and extent
                                                                     to which the Committee determines that the
                                                                     performance conditions have been met or are likely
                                                                     to be met at the point of change of control.
      DFSS bonus              Resignation                            n/a                                                    n/a
                              Death, injury or disability,           Not payable after the event.                           n/a
                              redundancy, retirement, or any
                              other reasons the Committee
                              may determine.
                              Change of control.                     Not payable after the event.                           n/a
      Salary shares           Resignation.                           Awards lapse under most circumstances e.g.,            n/a
      (CFO only, awards                                              dismissal for cause or resignation.
      under 2018 Policy)      Death, injury or disability,           Any unvested award will be pro-rated for time with     Normal vesting date,
                              redundancy, retirement or any          reference to the proportion of the vesting period      with Committee
                              other reasons the Committee            remaining at termination, unless the Committee         discretion to
                              may determine.                         determines otherwise.                                  accelerate.
                              Change of control.                     Unless the Committee determines otherwise, any         Immediately.
                                                                     unvested award will be pro-rated for time with
                                                                     reference to the proportion of the vesting period
                                                                     remaining at the point of change of control.

      For all leavers (with the exception of in the event of termination for cause), in respect of vested DFSS and vested salary share awards that
      are still subject to a holding period, awards will normally be released in full at the end of the holding period, though the Committee has
      discretion to determine otherwise, taking into account the circumstances at the time.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                            193




                                                                                                                                            Company Overview



Non-Executive Directors


                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
The Company has entered into letters of appointment with its Non-Executive Directors (NEDs). Summary details of terms and notice
periods are included below.
                                                                                  Commencement
NED                                Term             Initial date of appointment   of current contract                   Notice period
Annette Court                      3 years          21 March 2012                 26 April 2020                         Three months
Jean Park                          3 years          17 January 2014               17 January 2020                       One month




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Justine Roberts                    3 years          17 June 2016                  17 June 2019                          One month
Andy Crossley                      3 years          27 February 2018              27 February 2021                      One month
Michael Brierley                   3 years          05 October 2018               05 October 2021                       One month
Karen Green                        3 years          14 December 2018              14 December 2021                      One month
Jayaprakasa Rangaswami             3 years          29 April 2020                 29 April 2020                         One month
Evelyn Bourke                      3 years          30 April 2021                 30 April 2021                         One month
Bill Roberts                       3 years          11 June 2021                  11 June 2021                          One month




                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
The NEDs are not eligible to participate in the SIP, DFSS or DFSS bonus scheme and do not receive any pension contributions.
Details of the 2021 Policy on NED fees are set out in the table below:
Purpose and link to strategy       Operation                                              Opportunity and performance metrics
To attract and retain NEDs of the Fees are reviewed annually.                             Fee levels are set by reference to NED fees at
highest calibre with experience                                                           companies of a similar size and complexity.
                                  The Group Chair fee is determined by the
relevant to the Company
                                  Committee after consultation with the Executive         In the event that there is a material
                                  Directors. The NED fees are determined by the           misalignment with the market or a change in the




                                                                                                                                            Additional Information
                                  Group Chair together with the Executive Directors.      complexity, responsibility or time commitment
                                                                                          required to fulfil a NED role, the Board has
                                   Additional fees are payable for acting as Senior
                                                                                          discretion to make an appropriate adjustment
                                   Independent Director or as Chair or member
                                                                                          to the fee level.
                                   of a Board Committee and may be payable
                                   as appropriate in relation to other additional        The maximum aggregate annual fee for NEDs
                                   responsibilities (e.g., attending meetings overseas). is capped at the limit provided for in the
                                                                                         Company’s Articles of Association.
                                   Fees are paid in a mix of cash and Company shares
                                   for the Company Chair, and in cash for other Non-
                                   Executive Directors. The Board retains discretion
                                   to vary the mix or determine that fees are paid
                                   entirely in cash or Company shares.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
194   Corporate Governance




      Director’s Remuneration Policy
      continued

      Pay-for-Performance: Scenario Analysis
      The following charts provide an estimate of the potential future reward opportunities for the Executive Directors, and the potential split
      between the different elements of pay under four different performance scenarios: ‘Minimum’, ‘On-target’, ‘Maximum’ and ‘Maximum
      with share price growth’.
      As described above, Admiral’s DFSS bonus is directly aligned with dividends received by our shareholders, with an adjustment for
      performance on a selection of non-financial measures. Whilst the Executive Directors’ final DFSS bonus outcome may be adjusted
      upwards or downwards for these measures by up to 20% in any given year, it is anticipated that the average adjustment over the long
      term will be close to 0%.
      Pay-for-Performance: Scenario Analysis

      £4,000,000




      £3,000,000



                                                                                70%

      £2,000,000
                                                            61%


                                       28%                                                                                                                    69%
                                                                                                                                              60%
      £1,000,000       35%             25%                  13%                 10%
                                                                                                    37%                27%

                                                                                                                       27%                    15%             11%

                       65%             47%                  25%                 19%                 63%
                                                                                                                       46%                    25%             20%
             £0
                     Minimum         On-target           Maximum          Maximum with          Minimum              On-target               Maximum      Maximum with
                                                                        share price growth                                                              share price growth

                                      Milena Mondini de Focatiis                                                             Geraint Jones
                                       On appointment as CEO                                                                     CFO

                                                           Fixed remuneration          DFSS Bonus         DFSS


      The value of DFSS awards is calculated based on the average share price in the last three months of 2022 £20.19 and the number of DFSS
      shares awarded in 2023 (90,000 and 52,500 shares respectively).
      Component      ‘Minimum’                          ‘On-target’                          ‘Maximum’                                ‘Maximum with share price growth’


      Base salary    Annual cash salary for 2023

      Pension        £15,000 annual contribution for CEO and CFO

      Benefits       Taxable value of annual benefits provided in 2022

      DFSS           • 0% vesting                       • 25% average vesting                • 100% vesting                           • 100% vesting plus 50%
                                                                                                                                        share price appreciation

      DFSS bonus     Based on the DFSS bonus paid in respect of 2022




                                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                               195




                                                                                                                                               Company Overview



Approach to Remuneration Relating to New Executive                      Other Directorships


                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
Director Appointments                                                   Executive Directors are permitted to accept appointments as
External Appointments                                                   Non-Executive Directors of companies with prior approval of the
When appointing a new Executive Director, the Committee may             Group Board. Approval will be given only where the appointment
make use of any of the existing components of remuneration              does not present a conflict of interest with the Group’s activities,
as set out in the Policy Table. The Committee’s policy is to set        and where the wider exposure gained will be beneficial to the
the remuneration package for a new Executive Director in                development of the individual.




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
accordance with the approved Remuneration Policy at the time
                                                                        Considerations of Conditions Elsewhere in the Group
of the appointment.
                                                                        The Committee considers the pay and employment conditions
In determining the appropriate remuneration for a new Executive         elsewhere in the Group when determining remuneration for
Director, the Committee will consider all relevant factors to ensure    Executive Directors.
that arrangements are in the best interests of the Company and
                                                                        Considerations of Shareholder Views
its shareholders. Where an individual is appointed on an initial base
                                                                        When determining remuneration, the Committee takes
salary that is below market, any shortfall may be managed with
                                                                        into account best practice guidelines issued by institutional
phased increases over a period of time, subject to the individual’s
                                                                        shareholder bodies. The Committee is open to feedback from
performance and development in the role. This may result in




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                                                        shareholders on the Remuneration Policy and will continue to
above-average salary increases during this period.
                                                                        monitor trends and developments in corporate governance and
The Committee may also make an award in respect of a                    market practice to ensure the remuneration structure for our
new Executive Director appointment to ‘buy out’ incentive               Executive Directors remains appropriate.
arrangements forfeited on leaving a previous employer. In doing
so, the Committee will consider relevant factors including any          Considerations of Regulatory Requirements
performance conditions attached to the forfeited awards and             The Committee regularly reviews the Remuneration Policy and
the likelihood of those conditions being met to ensure that the         structure in the context of Solvency II remuneration guidance,
value of the buy-out award is no greater than the fair value of         and EBA, PRA, and FCA expectations regarding the supervision




                                                                                                                                               Additional Information
the awards it replaces. The Committee may also avail itself of          of insurance firms. The Chief Risk Officer periodically attends
Listing Rule 9.4.2 R if appropriate in respect of buy-out incentive     Committee meetings as part of this process and provides
arrangements (i.e., if the terms of participation for the prospective   support to the Committee in understanding any risk-related
Executive Director are similar to all, or substantially all employees   implications of remuneration decisions. Whilst the Remuneration
who participate in the plan, then approval by ordinary resolution       Policy includes several features which help ensure compliance
of the shareholders of the listed company in general meeting is         with current regulatory guidance, the Committee reserves
not required).                                                          the discretion to adjust the Remuneration Policy, and its
                                                                        execution, to take into account any developments in such
Internal Appointments                                                   regulatory guidance.
Remuneration for new Executive Directors appointed by way
of internal promotion will similarly be determined in line with
the Policy for external appointees, as detailed above. Where an
individual has contractual commitments made prior to their
promotion to the Board, the Company will continue to honour
these arrangements. Incentive opportunities for below-Board
employees are typically no higher than for Executive Directors,
but measures may vary if necessary.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
196   Corporate Governance




      Annual Report on Remuneration


      This section of the report provides details                            • Reviewed the Committee’s terms of reference
      of how Admiral’s Remuneration Policy                                   • Reviewed the Group’s Malus and Clawback Framework, and
      was implemented in 2022 and how the                                    • Reviewed external remuneration trends and market conditions
      Remuneration Committee intends to implement                            Remuneration topics were discussed with employees at the
      the proposed Remuneration Policy in 2023                               Employee Consultation Group (ECG), which met four times over
                                                                             the year. Key themes discussed at the ECG were: pay in the
      (subject to shareholder approval).                                     context of the cost-of-living crisis; the use of shares in employee
      Remuneration Committee Membership in 2022                              remuneration packages; weekly working hours; and the level of
      The Board sets the Group’s Remuneration Policy and, through the        company-matched pension contributions.
      authority delegated to it by the Board, the Committee is responsible   In February 2023, the Chair of the Remuneration Committee and
      for making recommendations to the Board on the implementation          Group Head of Reward met with the ECG to specifically discuss
      of the Remuneration Policy. Its remit includes recommending            the remuneration of the Executive Directors. The following topics
      the remuneration of the Group Board Chair and the Executive            were discussed: the approach to Reward at Admiral; a summary
      Directors; approving the remuneration of senior management;            of the rules and regulations Admiral is subject to; the current
      and determining the composition of and awards made under the           arrangements for the Executive Directors; and the alignment of
      performance-related incentive schemes.                                 Executive Director remuneration with the rest of the company.
      At the end of 2022 the Committee comprised Evelyn Bourke,              There was time allotted to listen to feedback and to answer any
      Jayaprakasa Rangaswami , Jean Park and Michael Brierley.               questions from the ECG, during which the members of the ECG
      The Committee met 8 times during the year.                             had questions on how the reward package and pay increases for
                                                                             Executive Directors are determined.
      The Group Chair, CEO, CFO and CRO are invited to meetings
      where the Committee considers it appropriate to obtain their           The chair of the remuneration committee wrote to the major
      advice on Group strategy and performance and senior executive          shareholders about the changes to the 2022 DFSS performance
      pay strategy. No director is involved in deciding their own            ranges and had meetings with a number of shareholders.
      remuneration outcome. The members of the Committee do not              Details are provided on page 202.
      have any personal financial interests (other than shareholdings),
                                                                             Committee Effectiveness Review
      or any conflicts, that relate to the business of the Committee.
                                                                             For 2022, the Committee Effectiveness Review was undertaken
      The Committee members do not have any day-to-day involvement
                                                                             externally by Bvalco. The report observed that the Remuneration
      in the running of the Group.
                                                                             Committee is an effective and well run forum, with potentially
      Committee activities                                                   sensitive issues being dealt with efficiently, following considered
      During the year ended 31 December 2022, in addition to its             and constructive exchanges of views. Discussion was active
      regular activities, the Committee also:                                and open. Various potential courses of action were considered
                                                                             resulting in next steps being agreed. Where debate on a question
      • Reviewed the strategic, customer and ESG metrics introduced          was not closed, additional information was requested. There were
        for adjusting of variable pay of Executive Directors                 also constructive suggestions regarding how some matters may
      • Reviewed the implementation of non-financial performance             be dealt with in a more timely manner and that an update to the
        measures for a broader employee population in the UK                 annual timetable is required.
        Insurance Business
                                                                             The Committee discussed the results of the review at its meeting
      • Reviewed the performance ranges for the financial measures           in February 2023 and noted the content of the review.
        for the 2022 DFSS and the associated engagement with
        shareholders, and                                                    Advisors to the Committee
      • Reviewed the design of annual incentives as part of on-going         During the year, in order to enable the Committee to reach
        work on the Group’s reward strategy                                  informed decisions, advice on market data and trends was
                                                                             obtained from independent consultants Willis Towers Watson
      As mentioned in the Governance Report, during the year                 (WTW). WTW reported directly to the Committee Chair
      ended 31 December 2022, the Committee also performed its               and are signatories to and abide by the Code of Conduct
      regular activities:                                                    for Remuneration Consultants (which can be found at
      • Reviewed the DFSS vesting and bonus arrangements for                 www.remunerationconsultantsgroup.com). WTW also provided
        Executive Directors, senior management and relevant staff            advice to the Company in relation to capital modelling and pricing.
        (Material Risk Takers) covered under Solvency II                     The fees paid to Willis Towers Watson in respect of work carried
      • Reviewed workforce remuneration, including alignment of the          out in relation to the Committee in 2022 (based on time and
        Group’s current remuneration structure with the Living Wage          materials) totalled £109,774.
      • Reviewed Admiral’s Gender Pay Gap reporting statistics               The Committee undertakes due diligence periodically to ensure
      • Reviewed risk events and their impact on variable pay;               that advisors remain independent of the Company and that
      • Undertook an evaluation of the Committee’s performance               the advice provided is impartial and objective. The Committee
        during the year                                                      is satisfied that the advice provided by Willis Towers Watson
                                                                             is independent.
                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                          197




                                                                                                                                                          Company Overview



Summary of Shareholder Voting at the 2022 AGM


                                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
The table below shows the results of the advisory vote on the 2021 Annual Report on Remuneration.
                                                                                   For               Against      Total votes cast          Abstentions
                              Total number of votes                    228,106,529                6,306,229       234,412,758                   3,952
Annual Report on Remuneration
                              % of votes cast                              97.31%                    2.69%

Total Single Figure of Remuneration for Executive Directors (audited)




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
The table below sets out the total single figure remuneration received by each Executive Director for the years ended 31 December 2022
and 31 December 2021:
                                  1. Base                                  Total                               6. DFSS            Total           Total
Executive Director                 salary   2. Benefits   3. Pension   fixed pay         4. SIP     5. DFSS     bonus      variable pay    remuneration
Milena Mondini        2022    £715,850          £480 £15,000 £731,330              £3,589 £1,016,647 £399,085            £1,419,321       £2,153,1518
de Focatiis           2021    £695,000          £454 £15,6437 £711,097             £3,601  £713,644 £653,849             £1,371,094        £2,082,191
                      2022    £416,800          £480 £15,000 £432,280              £3,589  £537,942 £260,516              £802,047         £1,234,327
Geraint Jones
                      2021    £404,660          £454 £15,000 £420,114              £3,601  £842,327 £471,763             £1,317,691        £1,737,805




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
The figures have been calculated as follows:
1 Base salary: amount earned for the year.
2 Benefits: the taxable value of annual benefits received in the year.
3 Pension: the value of the Company’s contribution during the year.
4 SIP: the face value at grant.




                                                                                                                                                          Additional Information
5	DFSS: the value at vesting of shares vesting on performance over the three-year periods ending 31 December 2022 and 31 December
   2021. For the 2022 figures, given that vesting occurs after the 2022 Directors’ Remuneration Report is finalised, the figures are based
   on the average share price in the last three months of 2022 of £20.19. The 2021 figures have been trued up based on the actual share
   price on vesting of £20.11. For 2022, unfavourable movements of £145,523 and £191,304 are included in the DFSS value, attributable
   to a decrease in the share price over the vesting period for Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones, respectively. For 2021,
   a decrease of £31,583 and £37,279 of the DFSS value is attributable to share price depreciation over the vesting period, for Milena
   Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones, respectively.
6	DFSS bonus: the bonus is equivalent to dividends that were paid in respect of the performance year on all outstanding DFSS shares
   awarded but not yet vested. The bonus is paid in two tranches annually:
   i) in respect of H1 2022: a bonus of £301,011 was paid to Milena Mondini de Focatiis, based on 265,000 unvested shares, a scorecard
       outcome of 108.18% and the interim dividend of 105p per share; and a bonus of £176,063 was paid to Geraint Jones based on
       155,000 unvested shares and a scorecard outcome of 108.18% and the interim dividend of 105p per share.
   ii) in respect of H2 2022, due for payment in May 2023: a bonus of £98,074 is due to Milena Mondini de Focatiis, based on 180,000
        unvested shares, a scorecard outcome of 104.78% and the final dividend of 52p per share; and a bonus of £84,453 is due to Geraint
        Jones based on 155,000 unvested shares and a scorecard outcome of 104.78% and the final dividend of 52p per share.
   The payments in respect of H2 2022 are subject to completion of internal governance procedures.
7	It is an oddity of the calculation basis that the pension contribution in respect of 2021 appears to exceed the policy. Milena’s pension
   arrangements for April 2020 to March 2021 and April 2021 to March 2022 are £15,000, respectively, which is in line with the policy.
8	Milena Mondini de Focatiis received an Anniversary award of £2,500 during 2022 which is included in the total remuneration number.
   Anniversary payments are made to all colleagues who reach significant milestones in their employment with the Group.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
198   Corporate Governance




      Annual Report on Remuneration
      continued

      Total Single Figure of Remuneration for Non-Executive Directors (audited)
      The table below sets out the total single figure remuneration received by each NED for the years ended 31 December 2021 and
      31 December 2020.
                                                                                                                                               Total fees
                                                                                                                    2022                                                      2021
      Director                                                                                                   Fees       Taxable benefits10,11                          Fees          Taxable benefits10
      Annette Court1                                                                                    £346,084                        £3,281                    £336,004                          £228
      Karen Green2                                                                                      £103,750                        £1,525                     £88,000                          £692
      Jean Park3                                                                                        £153,000                         £220                     £118,000                          £498
      Justine Roberts4                                                                                   £87,875                        £1,326                     £70,000                          £368
      Andy Crossley5,6                                                                                  £170,667                        £3,197                    £130,200                         £1,367
      Michael Brierley5                                                                                 £140,000                        £1,710                    £132,600                            £45
      Jayaprakasa Rangaswami7                                                                            £93,583                         £997                      £71,777                          £206
      Evelyn Bourke8                                                                                     £95,000                        £2,860                     £54,717                          £316
      Bill Roberts9                                                                                      £75,000                       £10,169                     £35,947                             £0
      1 The 2022 fee for Annette Court is £346,084 (a cash fee of £242,259 and a share fee of £103,825)
      2 Karen Green was appointed to the Group Risk Committee effective 1 June 2022
      3 Jean Park’s fees for 2022 include additional fees relating to her position as Chair of the Group Risk Committee and is in recognition of the increased time commitment required of her as a
         consequence of Solvency II regulations and the Admiral Internal
      4 Justine Roberts was appointed as interim Senior Independent Director effective 21 February 2022
      5 The fees for Andy Crossley and Michael Brierley include additional fees in relation to their positions as Chairman of the EUI Limited Board of Directors and Admiral Financial Services Limited Board
         of Directors, respectively
      6 Andy Crossley was appointed interim Chair of the Group Risk Committee effective 21 February 2022. An administrative error has meant that Andy was paid an additional £1,633.70 in fees in
         respect of 2022. This has been corrected and will reflect in his 2023 fees
      7 Jayapraska Rangaswami was appointed to the Group Remuneration Committee effective 21 February 2022
      8 Evelyn Bourke was appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director and member of the Remuneration Committee on 30 April 2021. She was subsequently appointed as Chair of the
         Remuneration Committee on 1 September 2021
      9 Bill Roberts was appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director on 11 June 2021. He was appointed to the Nomination and Governance Committee on 21 January 2022. An administrative
         error has meant that Bill was paid an additional £291.67 in fees in respect of 2022. This has been corrected and will reflect in his 2023 fees
      10 Taxable benefits represent those expense reimbursements relating to travel, accommodation and subsistence in connection with the attendance at Board, Subsidiary and Committee meetings
         during the year, which are deemed by HMRC to be taxable. The amounts in the table are ‘grossed-up’ to include the UK tax paid by the Company on behalf of the Non-Executive Directors.
         Non‑taxable expense reimbursements have not been included in the table
      11 The NED taxable benefits for 2022 have returned to normal pre-pandemic levels

      Incentive Outcomes for Financial Year to 31 December 2022 (audited)
      DFSS Awards Vesting on Performance to 31 December 2022
      On 24 April 2020, Milena Mondini de Focatiis was granted an award under the DFSS of 85,000 shares with a value at the date of award of
      £1,961,800 (based on a grant date share price of £23.08).
      On 24 September 2020, Geraint Jones was granted an award under the DFSS of 45,000 shares with a value at the date of award of
      £1,231,650 (based on a grant date share price of £27.37).
      Vesting of the award was based 80% on the achievement of financial performance measures and 20% on a scorecard of non-
      financial measures.
      Financial performance outcomes
      The performance measures applicable to these awards are, EPS growth vs. LIBOR, TSR vs. FTSE 350 (excluding investment companies),
      and ROE, weighted equally and all measured over the three-year period 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022.
      Over this period, the returns to our shareholders were strong, with TSR just shy of the upper quartile versus FTSE350 companies and with
      ROE of 46.8%. This is in contrast to EPS growth which was below the LIBOR index for the period. The combination of these shareholder
      returns and EPS growth contributed to a vesting level of 56.5 percent for the financial measures. The Committee reviewed this vesting
      outcome and concluded that it was appropriate.




                                                                                                                                      Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                             199




                                                                                                                                                             Company Overview



The table below details the Company’s performance against the performance range.



                                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
                                                    Performance range                                                          Vesting Contribution
Performance measure      Threshold             Maximum                   Vesting schedule            Actual outturn            (% of maximum)
EPS growth vs. LIBOR Growth in line with       Growth of 36 points       10% for achieving           Underperformed            0%
                     LIBOR                     (equivalent to 10%        threshold with              LIBOR by 15.92pts
                                               p.a.) in excess of        straight line
                                               LIBOR                     relationship to




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                         100% for maximum
                                                                         performance
TSR vs. FTSE 350      Median                   Upper quartile            25% for median,             71st percentile           89.9%
(excluding investment                                                    with straight line
companies)                                                               relationship to 100%
                                                                         for upper quartile
Return on Equity         25%                   55%                       25% for achieving           46.8%                     79.6%
(ROE)                                                                    threshold with
                                                                         straight line




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
                                                                         relationship to
                                                                         100% for maximum
                                                                         performance
Vesting                                                                                                                        56.5%

Non-financial performance outcomes
The individual vesting contribution in relation to the non-financial measures for Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones are set
out in the table below. These aggregated to an overall rating across the 3 years of 70.20% and 70.05% respectively and have a weighted




                                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
outcome of 14.04% and 14.01%, respectively.
Further details of the scoring for 2022 can be seen on page 200.
Overall Vesting
The combined vesting outcomes for Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones can be seen in the below table.
                                                      Award Weighting                  Performance outcomes                Vesting (% of maximum)
                                               Milena Mondini                      Milena Mondini                       Milena Mondini
DFSS Vesting Component                             de Focatiis     Geraint Jones       de Focatiis      Geraint Jones       de Focatiis      Geraint Jones
Financial performance measures:
EPS growth vs. LIBOR, TSR vs. FTSE 350
(excluding investment companies) and
Return on Equity (ROE)                                    80.00%                             56.50%                                             45.20%
Non-financial performance measures                        20.00%                        70.20%      70.05%                   14.04%             14.01%
Total                                                    100.00%                                                             59.24%             59.21%

The Committee reviewed the vesting outcomes and concluded that they were appropriate, and that no adjustments were required.
Based on performance and scorecard outcomes the total amount that will vest to Milena Mondini de Focatiis in April 2023 will therefore
be 59.24% (i.e., 50,354 shares), and the total amount that will vest to Geraint Jones in September 2023 will be 59.21% (i.e., 26,644 shares),
subject to their continued employment on the vesting date.
Although the 2020 DFSS awards were granted during the pandemic, a period when the shares price were lower in many companies,
the awards granted under the DFSS are based on a fixed number of shares. The awards granted to Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint
Jones in 2020 were not impacted by the change in the share price. The Committee have given thorough consideration to the outcomes
to satisfy themselves that it is reflective of the overall performance of the Group.
Vested DFSS awards are subject to clawback provisions. Events which may lead to the application of clawback are set out in the Group’s
Malus and Clawback Framework and include material financial misstatement, responsibility for conduct which results in significant losses,
material failure of risk management, misconduct, reputational damage or corporate failure.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
200   Corporate Governance




      Annual Report on Remuneration
      continued

      DFSS bonus in Respect of 2022
      In line with the Remuneration Policy, the Group paid a bonus to all holders of DFSS shares in 2022, which was equivalent to the dividend
      payable on all outstanding DFSS shares awarded but not yet vested. The 2022 Bonus for Executive Directors also includes a potential +/-
      20% adjustment to the DFSS bonus based on performance of a set of non-financial performance metrics, which for 2022 was grouped
      into three categories: Strategy, customer and ESG.
      For the customer and ESG strategic pillars, relevant quantitative data was used to assess performance and an outcome was determined.
      For the strategy, the board members derived a collective view on the progress against the strategic priorities.
      Details of the measures used in the scorecard and outcomes are summarised in the table below:
                                                                                                       Outcomes (% out weighting for each category)
      Category                Metrics                                           Target       Max             H1                          H2
      Strategy                Overall scoring from the board on
                              scorecard of measures around:
                              • Progress towards Admiral 2.0
                              • Diversification – existing non-motor
                                product development (both top line and
                                KPIs), in particular Household and Loans     16.50%       33.00%                        24.75%
                              • Diversification – development of
                                new products
                              • Progress towards defining motor
                                mobility strategy
      Customer                Customer Feedback (NPS)                         8.50%       17.00%          12.48%                      11.42%
                              Customer Outcomes (CRMI)                        8.50%       17.00%          12.78%                      5.33%
      ESG                     People (Trust Index)                            9.00%       18.00%                        9.00%
                              Diversity & Inclusion (Female                   3.75%        7.50%                        6.00%
                              representation at Senior level)
                              Inclusion (Inclusion survey results)            3.75%        7.50%                        5.44%
      Total                                                                  50.00%      100.00%          70.45%                      61.94%
      Overall scorecard                                                     100.00%      120.00%         108.18%                     104.78%
      multiplier

      Strategic outcomes have been assessed by the Board as 75% of maximum on the basis of strong progress towards Admiral 2.0 and
      Diversification, with positive performance in UK Household and Admiral Money in particular. Progress towards defining motor mobility
      strategy continues apace.
      Customer outcomes are taken as a weighted average across the Group on the basis of customer headcount. CRMI data measuring
      customer outcomes trailed off in H2, with complaints data reflecting pressure in the claims area for the UK Insurance business, which
      had a significant downwards impact on the overall outcome for the half as it is weighted at c.75%. Customer Feedback outcomes
      were generally strong over the year, with outcomes for each entity ranging from 50–100% of maximum, with outcomes concentrated
      between 60 and 70% of maximum.
      The Trust Index outcome of 84% was 2% lower than the benchmark of 86%, resulting in achievement of 50% of maximum.
      Inclusion survey results were generally at the benchmark, with one question exceeding, resulting in an outcome of 72.50% of maximum.
      The year-end figures for females in senior leadership roles was 37.20% across the Group, which resulted in an outcome of 80.00%
      of maximum.
      The overall outcome of the scorecard was assessed to be a 108.18% multiplier to the DFSS bonus paid for H1 2022 and a 104.78%
      multiplier to the DFSS bonus for H2 2022 (to be paid in 2023) for Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones.
      In addition, the Executive Directors’ DFSS bonus is subject to a further risk adjustment (downwards only) to take into account of risk
      events which are considered to have a material customer, regulatory or financial impact.
      During the year, and in addition to the above, the Committee took into account relevant trigger events as part of the established risk
      adjustment process, and determined it was not appropriate to apply a downwards adjustment on that basis.
      DFSS bonus payments are subject to malus and clawback provisions.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                          201




                                                                                                                                          Company Overview



Scheme Interests Granted in 2022 (audited)


                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
DFSS
On 26th September 2022, Milena Mondini de Focatiis was granted an award of 90,000 shares and Geraint Jones was granted an award of
52,500 shares under the DFSS. This is the equivalent to £1,908,900 or 267% of Milena’s base salary and £1,113,525 or 267% of Geraint’s
cash salary respectively (based on share price of £21.21).
The three-year period over which performance will be measured is 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. The award is eligible to vest on
the third anniversary of the date of grant i.e., September 2025, subject to performance and to continued employment. Vested awards will




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
be subject to an additional two-year post-vest holding period.
The award will vest on EPS, TSR vs. FTSE 350 (excluding investment companies), ROE and a scorecard of strategic, customer and other
non-financial measures, inclusive of customer outcomes, customer feedback, ESG, strategic measures and people metrics. There will
also be the potential for downwards adjustment subject to an assessment to take into account of risk events which are considered to
have a material customer, regulatory or financial impact over the course of the performance period. The performance conditions are
summarised in the table below.
                                                                                    Performance range
Performance measure                                 Weighting              Threshold                Maximum              Vesting




                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
EPS                                                  26.67%                  120p                       150p        25% for reaching
                                                                                                                   threshold, rising to
                                                                                                                   100% at maximum
                                                                                                                       performance
TSR vs. FTSE 350 (excluding investment               26.67%                Median               Top Quartile         25% for median,
companies)                                                                                                           with straight line
                                                                                                                  relationship to 100%
                                                                                                                    for upper quartile




                                                                                                                                          Additional Information
Return on Equity (ROE)                               26.67%                 20%                    40%              25% for reaching
                                                                                                                   threshold, rising to
                                                                                                                    75% for reaching
                                                                                                                      stretch at 30%
                                                                                                                       ROE, rising to
                                                                                                                   100% at maximum
                                                                                                                       performance
Scorecard non-financial measures                      20%            Vesting of between 0% and 100% of this element is based on the
                                                                      aggregate outcomes of the scorecards used to determine the
                                                                      DFSS bonus adjustments over the 3-year performance period.
                                                                       Further details of the aggregation of these scorecards will be
                                                                                           provided upon vesting

DFSS awards are subject to malus and clawback provisions, which are set out in the Group’s Malus and Clawback Framework, as outlined in
page 189.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
202   Corporate Governance




      Annual Report on Remuneration
      continued

      Setting the 2022 DFSS Financial Measures
      The financial measures, including the performance ranges which informs the scheme vesting are usually set prior to the granting of
      awards in the autumn each year. While not a documented policy, in the past we have often rolled the financial measures, including the
      performance ranges, from one year to the next. This approach has worked historically, but the unusual operating environment of the
      pandemic, coupled with the current business phase and our plans for growth, has led the Remuneration Committee to review the
      performance ranges for 2022 to 2024.
      Earnings Per Share
      The assessment of performance against our previous EPS measure compares one fixed point at the start of the performance period with
      another fixed point at the end of the performance period, with a threshold to maximum range based on growth in EPS over the period of
      the plan. In the 2022 DFSS this would mean comparing the end of 2021 with the end of 2024.
      Due to exceptional profitability in the 2021 financial year, the previous approach would result in performance range which would be very
      difficult to achieve. As such we have changed from a performance range based on growth against the 2021 profit to a range based on
      absolute EPS over the performance period.
      In setting the new performance range, the Committee have considered the extent to which our people, including the directors,
      have benefited from the exceptional levels of financial performance in prior years. It is evident that they have not benefited from the full
      outperformance due to outcomes being in excess of the maximum vesting level. For example, EPS in the 2018 scheme which vested in
      2021 was 51.3% against a maximum of 36%, meaning 15.3% was not rewarded. In the most recent scheme, which vested earlier this year,
      EPS was 45.8% against the 36% maximum, resulting in 9.8% not counting towards the reward.
      Return On Equity
      The impact of exceptional performance during the pandemic also impacts the ROE, resulting in a comparatively more challenging target
      to achieve. In addition, the Group’s strategic approach to pursue growth through, amongst other things diversification into new products
      and markets, may impact future ROE. Hence, the performance range for ROE has been set by reference to our strategic intent and the
      operating environment.
      Total Shareholder Return
      TSR is assessed on relative performance and so is not so obviously impacted by historic over-performance or the operating environment,
      and as such we do not intend to make changes to either the measure or the performance range at this point.
      Shareholder Engagement
      Changing the performance ranges is not a step that the Committee took lightly. In doing so the committee ensured there was
      good engagement with shareholders. UBS Brokers were engaged throughout the process of setting the new performance ranges,
      attending a Remuneration Committee meeting and advising the Committee and management through the target setting process.
      Following internal approval, letters were sent to our largest shareholders explaining the case for change and offering them the opportunity
      to speak with us regarding the change. Four meetings with external shareholders were undertaken. The feedback which was provided was
      generally positive and supportive of the changes, however, for the purpose of balance, it must be noted that in one meeting there was
      negative feedback for the proposal.
      SIP
      In March 2022, Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones were granted awards under the SIP of 72 shares with a face value of
      £1,786.32, which will mature on 11 March 2025, subject to continued employment.
      In August 2022 Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones were granted awards under the SIP of 81 shares with a face value of
      £1,802.25, which will mature on 24 August 2025, subject to continued employment.
      Exit Payments (audited)
      No exit payments were made to an Executive Director during the year.
      Payments to Past Directors (audited)
      Following stepping down from the role of CEO on 31 December 2020, David Stevens has continued as an adviser to the Group in a part-
      time capacity, with a salary of £70,033 per annum.
      He also sits as a Non-Executive Director on the Board of Admiral Financial Services Limited for which he receives no fee.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                203




                                                                                                                                                Company Overview



Implementation of Remuneration Policy for 2023


                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
Executive Directors
Salary, Pension and Benefits
Salaries for the Executive Directors in 2023 have been determined in line with the Remuneration Policy. Milena Mondini de Focatiis’ salary
was increased by 3.00% to £737,326 effective 1 January 2023 and Geraint Jones’ salary was increased by 4.00% to £433,472 effective
1 January 2023.
Due consideration was given to ensure these increases are below the proposed increases for employees across the Group for 2023.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
The average pay review in 2023 is expected to be 5% as we continue to support our people through the impact of the cost of
living challenges.
The Executive Directors will continue to participate in the Group Personal Pension Plan on a consistent basis with other employees,
where employee contributions are matched up to a maximum 6% of base salary with a cap on the maximum employer contribution of
£15,000 per annum. The Company will offer individuals a choice between pension contributions and cash in lieu. Both Executive Directors
will continue to receive benefits in line with the Policy.
DFSS




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
The Committee intends to make awards under the DFSS to Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones in September 2023 of 90,000
and 52,500 shares, respectively. The Committee will confirm the size for each of the 2023 DFSS awards closer to the award date.
In determining whether the award size should differ from the above number of shares, the Committee will consider any large share price
change over the prior year, and in particular whether this is due to external factors out of management control. The actual 2023 DFSS
awards will be disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report on Remuneration.
It is currently anticipated that the vesting of 2023 DFSS awards for Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones will continue to be
assessed across the three-year performance period using an 80% performance weighting on EPS, TSR vs. FTSE 350 (excluding investment
companies) and ROE, and a 20% weighting on a scorecard of strategic, customer and other non-financial metrics. The committee will
confirm the conditions and performance ranges for the 2023 DFSS award in quarter one of 2023 and will disclose them in the 2023




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
Annual Report on Remuneration.
It has been an aim of the Committee to include carbon emissions targets as part of the NFM scorecard to support the delivery of
the Group’s net zero targets. Good progress has been made in 2022 on verifying the Group’s scope 3 emissions. This process is nearly
complete after which targets will be decided on.
The Committee is mindful of the potential impact of the forthcoming change to the IFRS 17 accounting standard on the Group’s
reported financial results. At this stage the nature and degree of any such impact has not been confirmed. For DFSS awards which will
straddle the change in accounting standard, the Committee intends to set targets on the current basis. However, it will keep these under
review and apply its discretion to ensure that the performance ranges remain no more or less stretching than originally anticipated as a
result of the accounting change.
There will be the potential for downwards adjustment subject to an assessment to take account of risk events which are considered to
have a material customer, regulatory or financial impact over the course of the performance period.
DFSS bonus
As in prior years, Milena Mondini de Focatiis and Geraint Jones will be eligible to receive DFSS bonus in 2023. The bonus is calculated to be
equivalent to dividends that would have been payable during the year on all outstanding DFSS shares and any salary shares awarded but
not vested. The DFSS bonus will include a +/- 20% adjustment based on performance against a set of non-financial performance metrics.
The details of the metrics and any adjustment applied will be provided in the 2023 Annual Report on Remuneration.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
204   Corporate Governance




      Annual Report on Remuneration
      continued

      The table below summarises the strategic, customer, ESG and other non-financial metrics which will apply to 2023 DFSS bonus. There will
      also be the potential for downwards adjustment subject to an assessment to take into account of risk events which are considered to
      have a material customer, regulatory or financial impact over the course of the performance period.
      Strategic Pillar                Measures                                                                                                                                             Weighting %
      Customer – 34%                  Customer outcomes (CRMI)                                                                                                                                     17%
                                      Customer feedback (NPS)                                                                                                                                      17%
      Strategy – 33%                  Overall scoring from the board on scorecard of measures around:                                                                                              33%
                                      • Progress towards Admiral 2.0 (data and analytics goal)
                                      • Diversification – existing non-motor product development (both top line and KPIs), in particular
                                        Household and Loans
                                      • Diversification – development of new products
                                      • Progress towards defining motor mobility strategy
      ESG – 33%                       Great Place to Work Trust Index                                                                                                                              18%
                                      Diversity                                                                                                                                                    15%

      Chair and Non-Executive Directors
      Fees for the Board Chair and other Non-Executive Directors were reviewed in January 2023 having previously been last reviewed in 2022.
      Increases were made, effective 1 January 2023, to reflect the increased time commitment of these roles.
      Measures                                                                                                                                                     2022 fee (p.a.)       2021 fee (p.a.)
      Chair1                                                                                                                                                         £356,467               £346,084
      NED base fee                                                                                                                                                     £70,000               £70,000
      Additional fee for chairing:
      • Audit Committee                                                                                                                                                £25,000               £25,000
      • Group Risk Committee2                                                                                                                                          £43,000               £43,000
      • Remuneration Committee                                                                                                                                         £25,000               £25,000
      • Nomination and Governance Committee                                                                                                                            £10,000               £10,000
      Additional fee for membership of:
      • Audit Committee                                                                                                                                                £15,000               £15,000
      • Group Risk Committee                                                                                                                                           £15,000               £15,000
      • Remuneration Committee                                                                                                                                         £12,000               £10,000
      • Nomination and Governance Committee3                                                                                                                            £8,000                £5,000
      Additional fee for being Senior Independent Director                                                                                                             £17,000               £15,000
      1 The 2023 fee for the incumbent Board Chair increased by 3% from £346,084 to £356,467 and comprises a cash fee of £249,527 and a share fee of £106,940 with which the Chair is required under
        a Share Agreement entered into with the Group to use the net proceeds in two equal instalments to purchase Group shares after the Group’s Full Year Results and Half Year Results are announced
        each year. Annette Court will step down from her duties as Chair after the AGM on 27 April 2023. These arrangements are to be pro-rated in line with time served. The Board Chair does not receive
        any additional fees (e.g., for committee membership) as these are included in the overall Chair fee, for example as shown in footnote 3 below
      2 The fee payable for 2023 for Chairing the Group Risk Committee continues to include an additional fee of in recognition of the increased time commitment required because of the Admiral
        Internal Model process. It comprises a base fee of £25,000 and an additional fee of £18,000
      3 To the extent that the Group Board Chair continues to chair the Nomination and Governance Committee, no extra fee will be paid over and above the overall Group Board Chair fee




                                                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                        205




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Company Overview



New Group Chair


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
It was announced on 31st January 2023 that Mike Rogers is to be appointed as Admiral Group Chair subject to regulatory approval and his
appointment’s approval at the Admiral AGM. His fee will be £375,000, and upon appointment Mike is required to purchase shares, which
he is to retain for his tenure. As part of his remuneration arrangements, Mike is expected to reach a shareholding of 150% of his annual
fee within three years of appointment.
CEO pay ratio
The table below sets out the pay ratios for the CEO for the periods ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                Year                                  Method                              Lower quartile                             Median                              Upper quartile
                2022                                                                           80:1                                    69:1                                    45:1
                                                    Option A
                2021                                                                           95:1                                    81:1                                    50:1

The lower quartile, median and upper quartile employees were determined using calculation methodology A which involved calculating
the actual full-time equivalent remuneration for all UK employees for 2022. From this analysis, three employees were then identified
as representing the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile of the UK employee population. Admiral chose this method as it is the preferred
approach of the government and that of investor bodies and Admiral had the systems in place to undertake this method. It is also




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
consistent with the approach used to calculate the ratios for 2018 to 2021.
The Committee has considered the pay data for the three employees identified and believes that it fairly reflects pay at the relevant
quartiles amongst our UK workforce. The three individuals identified were full time employees during the year. None received an
exceptional incentive award which would otherwise inflate their pay figures. No adjustments or assumptions were made by the
Committee with the total remuneration of these employees calculated in accordance with the methodology used to calculate the single
figure of the CEO. It should be noted that the lower quartile employees were in receipt of DFSS bonus and/or DFSS vesting in the year.
The employee pay levels for 2022 are detailed below:




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional Information
                                                                                                                                        P25                     P50                  P75
                                                                                                                   CEO             (lower quartile)           (median)          (upper quartile)
Salary                                                                                                         £715,850                £21,451               £26,500                £38,000
Total Remuneration1                                                                                           £2,153,151               £26,775               £31,144                £47,648
1 The single figure of remuneration for the CEO includes actual salary and pension costs paid during 2022, in line with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) regulations 2018. For other
  employees, salary and pension costs are included on an FTE basis, in line with the legislation. While the basis of calculation differs between CEO and other employees, management considers this a
  fair comparison of remuneration

The pay ratio has fallen over the course of 2022. This is largely due to the fall in share price between reporting periods, which has
impacted the CEO numbers more proportionately due to the higher percentage of share-based variable pay in the CEO pay mix
compared to the wider workforce.
A significant proportion of the Milena Mondini de Focatiis’ remuneration is dependent on the company’s performance and therefore it
may vary more materially, resulting in movements in the CEO pay ratio from year to year moving forwards. However, the reward policies
and structures applying to the CEO are broadly aligned with those of the wider workforce and therefore consistent performance is likely
to lead to a broadly consistent CEO pay ratio.
Relative Importance of Spend on Pay
The table below shows the percentage change in dividends and total employee remuneration spend from the financial year ended
31 December 2021 to the financial year ended 31 December 2022.
                                                                                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                                                                                                                  £m                     £m              % change
Distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                     465                    816                 -43%
Employee remuneration                                                                                                                            532                    500                   6%

The Directors are proposing a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 of 52 pence per share bringing the total dividend for
2022 to 157 pence per share (2021: 279 pence per share).




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
206   Corporate Governance




      Annual Report on Remuneration
      continued

      Pay for Performance
      The following graph sets out a comparison of Total Shareholder Return (TSR) for Admiral Group plc shares with that of the FTSE 100 and
      FTSE 350 indices, of which the Company is a constituent, over the ten-year period to 31 December 2022. The Directors consider these
      to be the most appropriate indices against which the Company should be compared. TSR is defined as the percentage change over the
      period, assuming reinvestment of income.
      10 year TSR performance: Admiral vs. FTSE100 and FTSE350 indices
      Growth in the value of a hypothetical £100 holding over the 10 years to 31 December 2022
      £500




      £400




      £300




      £200




      £100




      £0
                   Dec 12           Dec 13            Dec 14             Dec 15              Dec 16              Dec 17          Dec 18         Dec 19            Dec 20            Dec 21            Dec 22

             Admiral          FTSE 100          FTSE 350


      CEO                         2013            2014            2015                       2016                         2017       2018         2019             2020            2021            2022
                                                                                                                                                                                 Milena         Milena
                                 Henry           Henry            Henry             Henry              David          David         David         David           David
      Incumbent                                                                                                                                                                Mondini de      Mondini de
                               Engelhardt      Engelhardt       Engelhardt        Engelhardt1         Stevens2       Stevens       Stevens       Stevens         Stevens
                                                                                                                                                                                Focatiis5       Focatiis
      CEO single figure
                                £387,546        £393,260        £397,688          £148,776        £246,023          £395,019      £403,662      £413,724        £421,285       £2,082,1914     £2,153,151
      of remuneration
      DFSS vesting
      outcome (% of                n/a             n/a             n/a               n/a                n/a               n/a         n/a          n/a              n/a          98.57%          59.24%6
      maximum)



      CFO                         2013                     2014                     2015               2016               2017       2018         2019             2020            2021            2022
                                 Kevin           Kevin                             Geraint            Geraint         Geraint       Geraint      Geraint         Geraint         Geraint         Geraint
      Incumbent                                                Geraint Jones 3
                                Chidwick        Chidwick                            Jones              Jones           Jones         Jones        Jones           Jones           Jones           Jones
      CFO single figure
                               £1,444,443      £1,204,164       £363,551          £539,704        £599,139         £1,184,445    £1,461,813    £1,773,303      £2,329,513      £1,737,8054     £1,234,327
      of remuneration
      DFSS vesting
      outcome (% of               100%            70%              85%              69%          50% and 0%          74.20%        87.60%         88.8%           98.5%          93.08%          59.21%6
      maximum)

      1 Henry Engelhardt stepped down from the Board on 13 May 2016. His 2016 remuneration includes salary and benefits in respect of his service as CEO
      2 David Stevens was appointed as the CEO on 13 May 2016. His 2016 remuneration includes salary, pension and benefits in respect of his service as CEO
      3 Geraint Jones was appointed to the Board as CFO on 13 August 2014. His 2014 remuneration includes salary, pension and benefits in respect of his service as CFO, his full year DFSS and his full year
        DFSS bonus
      4 This figure has been trued up since the 2021 report for the value of the 2019 DFSS based on the actual share price on vest of £20.11
      5 Milena Mondini De Focatiis was appointed as the CEO on 1 January 2021. Her 2021 remuneration includes salary, pension and benefits in respect of her service as CEO
      6 59.24% of Milena Mondini De Focatiis’ and 59.21% Geraint Jones’ 2020 DFSS award will vest in April 2023 and September 2023, respectively, subject to their continued employment on the
        vesting date

      There are no annual bonus outcomes to report in the table as the Admiral DFSS bonus is not structured as a traditional annual bonus
      scheme and consequently a vesting outcome (as a percentage of max) is meaningless.




                                                                                                                                          Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                   207




                                                                                                                                                   Company Overview



Annual change of each director’s pay compared to the annual change in average employee pay


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
The following table summarises the annual percentage change of each director’s remuneration compared to the annual percentage
change of the average remuneration of the company’s employees, calculated on a full-time equivalent basis.
Financial year-ended 31 December 2022                                                                             2022 (% change)
Percentage change in director’s remuneration                                                  Base salary/ fees    Taxable benefits   DFSS bonus
Executive Directors
Milena Mondini de Focatiis*                                                                           3.00%                5.73%      -38.96%




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Geraint Jones                                                                                         3.00%                5.73%      -44.78%
Non-Executive Directors
Annette Court                                                                                        3.00%           1,399.04%             N/A
Evelyn Bourke                                                                                       73.62%             805.06%             N/A
Karen Green                                                                                         17.90%           120.387%              N/A
Jean Park                                                                                           29.66%             -55.82%             N/A
Jayaprakasa Rangaswami                                                                              30.38%             383.98%             N/A
Justine Roberts                                                                                     25.54%             260.33%             N/A




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
Andy Crossley                                                                                       31.08%             133.87%             N/A
Michael Brierley                                                                                     5.58%           3,700.00%             N/A
Bill Roberts                                                                                       108.64%                  n/a            N/A
Percentage change in employees’ remuneration                                                         9.32%               8.52%             N/A

The percentage increases for the Non-Executive Director taxable benefits relate to expenses for travel, accommodation and subsistence
in relation to business needs, which compare 2021 which travel to meetings was minimal, and 2022 where more normal in-person activity
has been undertaken in a return to pre-pandemic levels. Generally, NED fees have increased in line with additional responsibilities and




                                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
time commitments undertaken over the course of the year, and in the case of Evelyn Bourke and Bill Roberts are reflective of part-year
fees for 2021 vs. full year fees for 2022.
The percentage change in employee base pay is a view across the whole group, but it should be noted that a large percentage value of
these increases has generally been concentrated in colleagues at the lower end of the pay spectrum.
Dilution
The Company currently uses newly issued shares to fund the DFSS, SIP and salary shares. The Company has controls in place to ensure
that shares awarded under the incentive schemes operated by the Company within any rolling ten-year period do not exceed 10% of the
number of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company in issue at the time of each award. It is currently anticipated that a combination
of attrition and actual vesting will result in dilution of less than 10%. As required by the rules of our share schemes, the Company will in
any event ensure that the actual dilution level does not exceed 10% in any rolling ten-year period by funding of any vested (and future)
share scheme awards as appropriate with market-purchased shares.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
208   Corporate Governance




      Annual Report on Remuneration
      continued

      Interests held by Directors (audited)
      The Company has adopted Executive Director shareholding guidelines whereby all Executive Directors are required to acquire and retain
      a beneficial shareholding in the Company equal to at least 400% of base salary (excluding salary shares, where applicable), which can
      be built up over a period of five years from the later of the introduction of the guidelines and the individual’s date of appointment.
      Both Executive Directors meet the shareholding requirement.
      As at 31 December 2022, the Directors held the following interests:
      Director                                                                                Shares held                              Shareholding            Current                    Requirement
                                                                          Beneficially           Subject to              Subject to     requirement       shareholding                           met?4
                                                                      owned outright6            continued             performance (% of 2022 salary) (% of 2022 salary)
                                                                                           employment only               conditions
      Milena Mondini de Focatiis5                                            97,0621                50,3543               180,000                  400%                 >400%                       Yes
      Geraint Jones                                                         127,5661                31,6442               105,000                  400%                 >400%                       Yes
      Annette Court                                                           14,760
      Evelyn Bourke                                                            7,459
      Jean Park                                                                4,000
      Jayaprakasa Rangaswami                                                       0
      Justine Roberts                                                              0
      Andy Crossley                                                            4,984
      Michael Brierley                                                         4,104
      Karen Green                                                                  0
      Bill Roberts                                                             8,860
      1   Total includes SIP shares both matured and awarded.
      2   Total reflects shares from the 2020 DFSS award (performance test has been applied, and award is due to vest in September 2023) and salary shares awarded in 2020
      3   Total reflects shares from the 2020 DFSS award (performance test has been applied, and award is due to vest in April 2023)
      4   The final column in the above table relates to meeting the current Remuneration Policy requirement of 400% of salary, based on a share price of £21.37 at closing on 31st December 2022
      5   Milena Mondini de Focatiis has 5 years from her appointment as Executive Director (11 August 2020) to meet the guideline
      6   There have been no changes in the Directors’ holdings in the share capital of the Company, as set out in the table above, between 31 December 2022 and the date of this Report

      There have been no changes to Directors’ shareholdings since 31 December 2022.
      None of the Directors had an interest in the shares of any subsidiary undertaking of the Company or in any significant contracts of
      the Group.




                                                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                               209




                                                                                                                                                                                               Company Overview



Executive Directors’ Interests in Shares under the DFSS and SIP and salary share awards (audited)


                                                                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                                 Value at
                                                                                  Vested/                         Price          Value at    31 Dec 2022
                                                   At start      Awarded         matured          At end      at award         award date     or maturity                     Final vesting/
Type                                               of year     during year     during year        of year           (£)                (£)            (£)    Date of Award    maturity date
Milena Mondini de Focatiis
DFSS                                             36,000                –          35,487      – £21.00  £756,000   £713,644 26/09/2019 26/09/2022
DFSS                                             85,000                –               – 85,000 £23.08 £1,961,800 £1,816,450 24/04/2020 24/04/2023




                                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
DFSS                                             90,000                –               – 90,000 £34.52 £3,106,800 £1,923,300 23/09/2021 23/09/2024
DFSS                                                              90,000               – 90,000 £21.21 £1,908,900 £1,923,300 22/09/2022 22/09/2025

SIP                                                     84               –              84             –      £21.46            £1,803          £2,181      18/03/2019       18/03/2022
SIP                                                     83               –              83             –      £21.45            £1,780          £1,792      30/08/2019       30/08/2022
SIP                                                     88               –               –            88      £20.58            £1,811          £1,881      13/03/2020       13/03/2023
SIP                                                     68               –               –            68      £26.40            £1,795          £1,453      02/09/2020       02/09/2023
SIP                                                     61               –               –            61      £29.44            £1,796          £1,304      12/03/2021       12/03/2024




                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
SIP                                                     50               –               –            50      £36.11            £1,806          £1,069      01/09/2021       01/09/2024
SIP                                                      –              72               –            72      £24.81         £1,786.32          £1,539      11/03/2022       11/03/2025
SIP                                                      –              81               –            81      £22.25         £1,802.25          £1,731      24/08/2022       24/08/2025
Geraint Jones
DFSS                                             45,000                –          41,886      – £21.00  £945,000   £842,327 26/09/2019                                       26/09/2022
DFSS                                             45,000                –               – 45,000 £27.37 £1,231,650  £961,650 24/09/2020                                       24/09/2023
DFSS                                             52,500                –               – 52,500 £34.52 £1,812,300 £1,121,925 23/09/2021                                      23/09/2024




                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional Information
DFSS                                                  –           52,500               – 52,500 £21.21 £1,113,525 £1,121,925 22/09/2022                                      22/09/2025

Salary Shares                                      2,500                  –         2,500             –       £21.46           £53,650        £64,925       18/03/2019       18/03/2022
Salary Shares                                      2,500                  –         2,500             –       £21.45           £53,625        £53,975       30/08/2019       30/08/2022
Salary Shares                                      2,500                  –             –         2,500       £20.58           £51,450        £53,425       13/03/2020       13/03/2023
Salary Shares                                      2,500                  –             –         2,500       £26.40           £66,000        £53,425       02/09/2020       02/09/2023

SIP                                                     84               –              84             –      £21.46             £1,803         £2,181      18/03/2019       18/03/2022
SIP                                                     83               –              83             –      £21.45             £1,780         £1,792      30/08/2019       30/08/2022
SIP                                                     88               –               –            88      £20.58             £1,811         £1,881      13/03/2020       13/03/2023
SIP                                                     68               –               –            68      £26.40             £1,795         £1,453      02/09/2020       02/09/2023
SIP                                                     61               –               –            61      £29.44             £1,796         £1,304      12/03/2021       12/03/2024
SIP                                                     50               –               –            50      £36.11             £1,806         £1,069      01/09/2021       01/09/2024
SIP                                                      –              72               –            72      £24.81             £1,786         £1,539      11/03/2022       11/03/2025
SIP                                                      –              81               –            81      £22.25             £1,802         £1,731      24/08/2022       24/08/2025
1 The value at maturity relates only to shares vested.
2 For SIP and Salary Shares, the price at award reflects the average closing share price over the five days prior to the award date

The closing price of Admiral shares on 31 December 2022 was £21.37 per share.
By order of the Board,


Evelyn Bourke
Chair of the Remuneration Committee
7 March 2023




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
210   Corporate Governance




      Directors’ Report


      The Directors present their Annual Report and                          Significant contracts of material interest to shareholders
                                                                             The Group considers its co-insurance and reinsurance contracts to
      the audited Financial Statements for the year                          be significant and of material interest to shareholders. A number
      ended 31 December 2022.                                                of the Group’s contractual arrangements with reinsurers include
                                                                             features that, in certain scenarios, allow for reinsurers to recover
      Information included in the Strategic Report
                                                                             losses incurred to date. The overall impact of such scenarios
      As permitted by legislation, some of the matters required to be
                                                                             would not lead to an overall net economic outflow from the
      included in the Directors’ Report have instead been included in the
                                                                             Group. No other contractual arrangements are considered to be
      Strategic Report as the Board considers them to be of strategic
                                                                             significant to the running of the Group’s business.
      importance. Specifically, these are:
      Disclosure                                           Page reference    Financial instruments
      Future business developments                    Pages 28 to 37         The objectives and policies for managing risks in relation to
      Greenhouse gas emissions, energy consumption Pages 92                  financial instruments held by the Group are set out in note 6 to
      and energy efficiency action                    and 96                 the Financial Statements.
      Employment of disabled persons (as defined by   Page 80                Directors and their interests
      the Disability Discrimination Act 1995)                                The present Directors of the Company are shown on pages
      Engagement with colleagues                      Pages 77 to 81         130 to 135 of this Report, whilst Directors’ interests in the share
      Engagement with suppliers, customers and others Pages 74 to 76         capital of the Company are set out in the Remuneration Report on
      in a business relationship with the Company     and 82 to 84           page 208. A list of Directors in the financial period to 31 December
                                                                             2022 is shown on page 130.
      Disclosure of information under Listing Rule 9.8.4
                                                                             Going concern
      Sub-section                                                            Under Provision 30 of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code,
      of Listing
      Rule 9.8.4  Detail                                   Page reference    the Board confirms that it considers the Going Concern basis
      1            Interest capitalised by the Group       –                 of accounting appropriate. In considering this requirement,
                                                                             the Directors have taken into account the factors below.
      7            Allotment of shares for cash pursuant   Page 285
                   to Group employee share schemes                           In particular, as part of this assessment the Board considered
      12, 13       Shareholder waiver of dividend          Page 211          updated projections of performance and profitability a number
                                                                             of times throughout the year, with some key highlights including:
      Group results and dividends
                                                                             • The Group’s profit projections, including:
      The profit for the year, after tax but before dividends, amounted
      to £371.8 million (2021: £996.7 million). The Directors declared and     – Changes in premium rates and projected policy volumes
      paid dividends of £658.3 million during 2022 (2021: £720.9 million).       across the Group’s insurance businesses, including the impact
      Refer to note 12b for further details.                                     of the UK FCA general insurance pricing reform which came
                                                                                 into effect at the start of 2022
      The Directors have proposed a final dividend of £155 million (52.0
                                                                               – The impacts of the current elevated inflationary environment
      pence per share). Subject to shareholders’ approval at the 2023
                                                                                 on the cost of settling claims across all of the Group’s
      Annual General Meeting (AGM), the final dividend will be paid on
                                                                                 insurance businesses
      2 June 2023 to shareholders on the register at the close of business
      on 5 May 2023.                                                           – The return of motor claims frequency towards pre-
                                                                                 pandemic levels
      Further information on the Groups’ dividend policy is located in
                                                                               – Projected trends in other revenue generated by the
      note 12e and on page 26 of the Strategic Report.
                                                                                 Group’s insurance businesses from fees and the sale of
      Research and development                                                   ancillary products
      Details of costs incurred in respect of research and development         – Projected contributions to profit from businesses other than
      can be found in note 9 on page 271.                                        the UK Car insurance business
      Political donations                                                      – Expected trends in unemployment and inflation in the
      No political donations were made during the year.                          context of credit risks and the growth of the Group’s
                                                                                 Loans business
      Interest capitalised
                                                                               – Assessment of wider market risk and investment performance
      No interest was capitalised by the Group during the year.
                                                                                 given the market volatility in H2 2022




                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                  211




                                                                                                                                                                                  Company Overview



• The Group’s solvency position, which has been closely monitored



                                                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                                                  % of shares
  through periods of market volatility. The Group continues to                                                                             Number of shares as at as at date of
                                                                                                  Shareholder       Date of notification   date of notification   notification
  maintain a strong solvency position above target levels
                                                                                                  BlackRock Inc.    31 January 2023        15,617,104             5.14%
• The adequacy of the Group’s liquidity position after considering
  all of the factors noted above                                                                  BlackRock Inc.    2 February 2023        15,624,439             5.14%

• The results of business plan scenarios and stress tests on the                                  There are no people who hold shares carrying special rights with
  projected profitability, solvency and liquidity positions including                             regard to control of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
  the impact of severe downside scenarios that assume severe
  adverse economic, credit and trading stresses                                                   Further information on the rights attaching to shares
                                                                                                  under the employee share schemes are provided in the
• The regulatory environment, focusing on regulatory guidance
                                                                                                  Remuneration Report.
  issued by the FCA and the PRA in the UK and ongoing
  communications between management and regulators                                                Directors’ interests
• A review of the Company’s principal risks and uncertainties                                     The interests of Directors and Officers and their connected
  and≈the assessment of emerging risks                                                            persons in the issued share capital of the Company are given in
                                                                                                  the Remuneration Committee Report on page 183.
Following consideration of the above, the Directors have




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources                                      Shares held in Employee Benefit Trust (EBT)
to continue in operation for the foreseeable future, a period of                                  The EBT does not use its voting rights in respect of the shares it
not less than 12 months from the date of this Report, and that                                    holds in the EBT at general meetings, however, it may choose to
it is therefore appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in                                   do so if recommended by the Company via a letter of wishes. If any
preparing the Financial Statements. Further information is shown                                  offer is made to shareholders to acquire their shares, the trustee
in the viability statement on page 122.                                                           will not be obliged to accept or reject the offer in respect of any
                                                                                                  shares which are at that time subject to subsisting awards but
Share Capital, AGM and related matters                                                            will have regard to the interests of the award holders and will
Major Shareholders                                                                                have power to consult them to obtain their views on the offer.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional Information
Other than as stated below, as far as the Company is aware,                                       Subject to the above, the trustee may take action with respect to
there are no persons with significant direct or indirect holdings in                              any offer it thinks fair. The trustee has waived its right to dividends
the Company. Information provided to the Company pursuant to                                      on the shares held in the trust.
the FCA’s Disclosure and Transparency Rules (DTRs) is published on
a Regulatory Information Service and on the Company’s website.                                    Additional information for shareholders
                                                                                                  The following provides the additional information required for
The Company received notifications in accordance with the FCA’s                                   shareholders in accordance with the Takeovers Directive and the
DTRs of the following notifiable interests in the voting rights in the                            respective UK law.
Company’s issued share capital:
                                                                                                  At 31 December 2022, the Company’s issued share capital
                                                           As at 31 December 2022
                                                                                                  comprised a single class of shares referred to as ordinary shares.
                                                    Number of Shares                        %
                                                                                                  Details of the share capital and shares issued during the year
Henry Engelhardt & Diane Briere                                                                   can be found in note 12d. The rights and obligations attached
de I’Isle                                               24,605,472                     8.1%       to the Company’s ordinary shares are set out in the Articles of
Mawer Investment                                                                                  Association of the Company, copies of which can be obtained
Management Ltd.                                         21,727,558                     7.2%       from Companies House.
BlackRock Inc.                                          17,243,242                     5.7%
                                                                                                  If a poll is called at a general meeting, every member present in
Moondance Foundation                                    14,400,000                     4.8%
                                                                                                  person or by proxy and entitled to vote shall have one vote for
Vanguard Group Holdings                                 12,560,052                     4.1%       every ordinary share held. The notice of the general meeting
FMR LLC                                                 11,711,392                     3.9%       specifies deadlines for exercising voting rights either by proxy
N.M. Rothschild & Sons Ltd.                              9,147,150                     3.0%       notice or present in person or by proxy in relation to resolutions to
David & Heather Stevens                                  8,422,950                     2.8%       be passed at general meeting. All proxy votes are counted and the
Münchener Rückversicherungs-                                                                      numbers for, against or withheld in relation to each resolution are
Gesellschaft AG                                           5,297,781                    1.7%       announced at the Annual General Meeting and published on the
                                                                                                  Company’s website after the meeting.
Notes:
1 % as at date of notification. The DTRs require notification when the % voting rights (through   There are no restrictions on the transfer of ordinary shares in the
   shares and financial instruments) held by a person reaches, exceeds of falls below an
   applicable threshold specified in the DTRs                                                     Company other than:
2 Notifications received by the Company in accordance with the FCA’s DTRs in the period from
   31 December 2022 to 3 March 2023 were as follows:                                              • Certain restrictions may from time to time be imposed by laws
                                                                                                    and regulations (for example, insider trading laws)
                                                                                                  • Pursuant to the Listing Rules of the FCA whereby certain
                                                                                                    employees and Directors of the Company require the approval
                                                                                                    of the Company to deal in the Company’s securities


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
212   Corporate Governance




      Directors’ Report
      continued

      The Company has not purchased any of its own shares during              current practice. Therefore, with the exception of Annette Court,
      the period.                                                             all Directors will be submitting themselves for either election or
                                                                              re-election by shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.
      There are no agreements between the Company and its Directors
      or employees providing for compensation for loss of office or           Articles of Association
      employment (whether through resignation, purported redundancy           The Articles may only be amended by special resolution of
      or otherwise) that occur because of a takeover bid.                     the shareholders.
      There are a number of agreements that alter or terminate upon           Directors’ indemnities and insurance
      a change of control of the Company following a takeover bid,            Directors and Officers insurance cover is in place for all Directors
      such as commercial contracts (entered into in the normal course         to provide cover against certain acts or omissions on behalf of the
      of business). None are considered to be significant in terms of their   Company. A Deed Poll of Indemnity was executed in October 2015,
      impact on the business of the Group as a whole.                         indemnifying each of the Directors and the Company Secretary,
                                                                              in relation to certain losses and liabilities that they might incur in
      Powers of the Company Directors
                                                                              the course of acting as Directors of the Company. The Deed Poll
      The Directors are responsible for managing the business of the
                                                                              of Indemnity is categorised as qualifying third party provisions as
      Company and may exercise all powers of the Company subject
                                                                              defined by Section 234 of the Companies Act 2006 and remains in
      to the provisions of relevant statutes, to any directions given
                                                                              force for all past and present Directors of the Company.
      by special resolution and to the Company’s Memorandum and
      Articles. The Articles, for example, contain specific provisions and    The Board is of the view that it is in the best interests of the Group
      restrictions concerning the Company’s power to borrow money.            to attract and retain the services of the most able and experienced
      Powers relating to the issuing of new shares and buyback of shares      Directors by offering competitive terms of engagement, including
      are also included in the Articles and such authorities are renewed      the granting of such indemnities. Neither the Deed Poll of
      by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting each year.                Indemnity nor insurance cover would provide any coverage in
                                                                              the event that a Director is proved to have acted fraudulently
      Power to issue shares
                                                                              or dishonestly.
      At the last Annual General Meeting, held on 28 April 2022,
      authority was given to the Directors to allot unissued relevant         Annual General Meeting (AGM)
      securities in the Company up to a maximum of £199,929,                  It is proposed that the next AGM be held at Tŷ Admiral,
      representing the Investment Association’s Guidelines limit of           David Street, Cardiff, CF10 2EH on Thursday 27 April 2023 at
      approximately two thirds of the issued share capital as at 18 March     2.00pm, notice of which will be sent to shareholders with the
      2022. This authority expires on the date of the Annual General          Annual Report.
      Meeting to be held on 27 April 2023 and the Directors will seek to
      renew this authority for the following year.                            Reporting, accountability and audit
                                                                              UK Corporate Governance Code
      A further special resolution passed at that meeting granted             Admiral is subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code (the
      authority to the Directors to allot equity securities in the Company    Code), published by the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) in July
      (up to a maximum of 5% of the issued share capital of the               2018 and available on its website, www.frc.org.uk. The Company’s
      Company) for cash, without regard to the pre-emption provisions         Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a whole, addresses the
      of the Companies Act 2006. This authority also expires on the date      requirements of the 2018 Code.
      of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 April 2023 and the
      Directors will seek to renew this authority for the following year.     The Code 2018 (the Code) was applicable for the Group during
                                                                              the year under review, and the Group has applied the principles
      The Board is aware of the principles published by the Pre-Emption       and complied with the provisions of the Code except with regard
      Group in November 2022, and their template resolutions                  to non-compliance with provision 19 as set out in the Governance
      published on 4 November 2022, allowing a company the ability            Report on page 136.
      to seek authority over a further 10% of the issued ordinary share
      capital on a non-pre-emptive basis subject to certain conditions.       The Directors confirm that the Annual Report and Accounts,
      The Board does not wish to increase the disapplication threshold        taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and
      at this time but will keep this matter under review.                    provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess
                                                                              the Company’s position and performance, business model
      Appointments of Directors                                               and strategy.
      The Company’s Articles of Association (the Articles) give the
      Directors power to appoint and replace Directors. Under the             The Board is ultimately responsible for the Group’s system of
      Terms of Reference of the Group Nomination and Governance               risk management and internal control and, through the Group
      Committee, any appointment must be recommended by the                   Audit Committee, has reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s
      Group Nomination and Governance Committee for approval by               internal control and risk management arrangements relating
      the Board of Directors. At the Group’s Annual General Meeting           to the financial reporting process and the principal risks facing
      on 26 April 2022, new “Articles” were approved by shareholders          the business. The Board is satisfied that the Group’s internal
      which provide that all Directors will retire and offer themselves       control and risk management framework is prudent and effective
      for re-election at each Annual General Meeting, in accordance           and that, through the Group Audit Committee and Group Risk
      with the UK Corporate Governance Code and the Company’s                 Committee, risk can be assessed, managed and assurance given
                                                                              that all material controls are reviewed and monitored.

                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                     213




                                                                                                                                                     Company Overview



Information on the composition and operation of the Board and           the assets of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and



                                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
its Committees is located in the following sections:                    other irregularities.
• Governance Report on page 136 in respect of the Board                 Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also
• Nomination and Governance Committee Report on page 158                responsible for preparing a Strategic Report, Directors’ Report,
                                                                        Directors’ Remuneration Report and Corporate Governance
• Audit Committee Report on page 171
                                                                        Statement that complies with that law and those regulations.
• Group Risk Committee Report on page 178
                                                                        The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
• Remuneration Committee Report on page 183
                                                                        of the corporate and financial information included on the
The Group’s gender diversity information for the financial year,        Company’s website.
together with an explanation of the policies related to diversity,
                                                                        Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination
are set out in the Strategic Report on pages 77 to 81 and in the
                                                                        of Financial Statements may differ from legislation in
Nomination and Governance Committee Report on page 158.
                                                                        other jurisdictions.
Branches
                                                                        Responsibility statement
The Group has several branches located in Canada, India, France
                                                                        The Directors confirm that to the best of their knowledge:
and Italy, through its subsidiary structure. Further details of the




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
Company’s subsidiaries, associated undertakings and branches are        • The financial statements, prepared in accordance with the
contained in note 12f.                                                    applicable set of accounting standards, give a true and fair view
                                                                          of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the
Directors’ responsibilities                                               Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and         taken as a whole, and
the Group and Parent Company financial statements in accordance
with applicable law and regulations.                                    • The Directors’ Report and the Strategic Report include a fair
                                                                          review of the development and performance of the business and
Company law requires the Directors to prepare Group and Parent            the position of the Company, and the undertakings included in




                                                                                                                                                     Additional Information
Company financial statements for each financial year. Under that          the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description
law they are required to prepare the Group Financial Statements           of the principal risks and uncertainties
in accordance with United Kingdom adopted international
accounting standards and applicable law and have elected to             Disclosure of information to auditor
prepare the Parent Company financial statements in accordance           The Directors who held office at the date of approval of this
with UK Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 Reduced                 Directors’ Report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there
Disclosure Framework.                                                   is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s auditor is
                                                                        unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought
Under company law, the Directors must not approve the Financial         to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any
Statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and          relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s
fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and Parent Company       auditor is aware of that information.
and of their profit or loss for that period. In preparing each of the
Group and Parent Company financial statements, the Directors are        Auditor
required to:                                                            Following completion of the tender for the Group’s audit
                                                                        services and the Board’s approval of the Audit Committee’s
• Select suitable accounting policies and then apply                    recommendation to re-appoint the Company’s auditor,
  them consistently                                                     Deloitte LLP has indicated willingness to continue in office and
• Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable                     resolutions to reappoint it and to authorise the Directors to fix
  and prudent                                                           its remuneration will be proposed at the AGM.
• For the Group financial statements, state whether they have           The Directors’ Report has been approved by the Board,
  been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the UK
                                                                        For and on behalf of the Board,
• For the Parent Company financial statements, state whether
  applicable UK Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 Reduced
  Disclosure Framework, have been followed, subject to any
  material departures disclosed and explained in the Parent                                		
  Company financial statements
                                                                        Dan Caunt		                      Geraint Jones
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting           Company Secretary		              Chief Financial Officer
records that are sufficient to show and explain the Parent              7 March 2023		                   7 March 2023
Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy
at any time the financial position of the Parent Company and
enable them to ensure that its Financial Statements comply with
the Companies Act 2006. They have general responsibility for
taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
214   Financial Statements




      Financial                                          Adding value.
                                                         Delivering
      Statements                                         difference.
      Contents                                           For our people
      215 Independent Auditor’s Report
      226 Consolidated Income Statement
      227	Consolidated Statement of
           Comprehensive Income
      228 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      229 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      230 Consolidated Statement of changes in Equity
      231 Notes to the Financial Statements
      293 Parent Company Financial Statements
      296	Notes to the Parent Company
           Financial Statements
      304 Consolidated Financial Summary (unaudited)




                                                             Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                215




Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                                                                                                                Company Overview
to the members of Admiral Group plc




Report on the audit of the financial statements


                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
1. Opinion

   In our opinion:
   • the financial statements of Admiral Group plc (the ‘Parent Company’) and its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’) give a true and fair view
     of the state of the Group’s and of the Parent Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2022 and of the Group’s profit for the year
     then ended;




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
   • the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom adopted international
     accounting standards;
   • the Parent Company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
     Accounting Practice, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”; and
   • the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
   We have audited the financial statements which comprise:
   • the Consolidated and Parent Company Income Statements;




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
   • the Consolidated and Parent Company Statements of Comprehensive Income;
   • the Consolidated and Parent Company Statements of Financial Position;
   • the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement;
   • the Consolidated and Parent Company Statements of Changes in Equity;
   • the related notes 1 to 14 to the Group financial statements, excluding the capital adequacy disclosures in note 12e calculated in
     accordance with the Solvency II regime which are marked as unaudited; and
   • the related notes 1 to 15 to the Parent Company financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the Group financial statements is applicable law and
United Kingdom adopted international accounting standards. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation
of the Parent Company financial statements is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 “Reduced
Disclosure Framework” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).
2. Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of
our report.
We are independent of the Group and the Parent Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit
of the financial statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council’s (the ‘FRC’s’) Ethical Standard as applied to listed public
interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. The non-audit services
provided to the Group for the year are disclosed in note 9c to the financial statements. We confirm that we have not provided any non-
audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard to the Group or the Parent Company.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
3. Summary of our audit approach
Key audit matters                  The key audit matters that we identified in the current year were:
                                   • Valuation of gross insurance claims reserves;
                                   • Inflation assumptions applied to UK motor bodily injury claims reserves; and
                                   • Disclosure of the impact of the adoption of IFRS 17.

                                   Within this report, key audit matters are identified as follows:
                                        Newly identified
                                        Increased level of risk
                                        Similar level of risk
                                        Decreased level of risk




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
216   Financial Statements




      Independent Auditor’s Report
      continued
      to the members of Admiral Group plc


      Materiality                        The materiality that we used for the Group financial statements was £23.4 million which was
                                         determined on the basis of 5% of profit before tax (‘PBT’).
      Scoping                            We identified five reporting components which we determined should be subjected to full scope
                                         audits this year.
                                         Specific audit procedures were completed in respect of eight further components which, although not
                                         financially significant, did present some specific audit risks which needed to be addressed.
                                         The components within the scope of our audit procedures account for 98% of the Group’s profit
                                         before tax, 99% of the Group’s revenue and 99% of the Group’s net assets.
      Significant changes in             2022 has seen a rise in inflation which has been particularly significant in impacting the general
      our approach                       insurance industry as a whole. Given these changes in the macroeconomic environment in which
                                         the Group operates, as well as the fact that the UK motor reserves are one of the largest and most
                                         judgmental balances in the Group financial statements, we have identified an additional key audit
                                         matter related to the inflation assumptions applied to the bodily injury claims reserves. The inflationary
                                         impacts on bodily injury claims require the application of significant judgment as they are less closely
                                         linked to the consumer price index (‘CPI’) and due to the longer-term nature of the Group’s exposure
                                         (compared to property damage claims).
                                         We have also identified the disclosure of the impact of the Group’s adoption of IFRS 17 as an additional
                                         key audit matter, as this is a new and complex accounting standard which has required considerable
                                         judgment and interpretation in its implementation.

      4. Conclusions relating to going concern
      In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
      preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.
      Our evaluation of the directors’ assessment of the Group’s and Parent Company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of
      accounting included:
      • We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls relating to management‘s going concern assessment process;
      • We inspected the Group ORSA (‘Own Risk and Solvency Assessment’) to support our understanding of the key risks faced by the Group,
        its ability to continue as a going concern, and the longer-term viability of the Group;
      • We evaluated management’s going concern assessment in light of the current macroeconomic uncertainties;
      • We considered the available cash and cash equivalents balance at year-end of £297 million and assessed how this is forecast to
        fluctuate over the coming 12 months in line with management’s forecasted performance. This analysis included assessing the amount
        of headroom in the forecasts considering cash and regulatory liquidity requirements;
      • We assessed management’s reverse stress testing over the projected profitability, solvency and liquidity positions and the likelihood of
        the various scenarios that could adversely impact upon the Group’s liquidity and solvency headroom; and
      • We obtained and inspected correspondence between the Group and its regulators, as well as reviewed the Group Risk Committee
        meeting minutes, to identify any items of interest which could potentially indicate either non-compliance with legislation or potential
        litigation or regulatory action held against the Group.
      Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
      individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a
      period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.
      In relation to the reporting on how the Group has applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to add or draw
      attention to in relation to the directors’ statement in the financial statements about whether the directors considered it appropriate to
      adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
      Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of
      this report.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                217




                                                                                                                                                Company Overview



5. Key audit matters


                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements
of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we
identified. These matters included those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the
audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
5.1. Valuation of gross insurance claims reserves
Key audit matter description      The Group’s gross insurance claims reserves total £3,456 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021
                                  year-end: £3,045 million). Judgments made in determining the valuation of claims reserves are by far
                                  the most significant in terms of their impact on the Group’s financial position. Setting these claims
                                  reserves is an inherently subjective exercise and small changes in underlying assumptions may have a
                                  material impact on the overall year-end result reported.
                                  Specifically, our significant areas of focus are the Group’s selection of the frequency and severity




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                  assumptions for large bodily injury claims arising in the UK Car Insurance business. These particular
                                  claims result in higher individual claims reserves and are more judgmental, in terms of the development
                                  of the ultimate losses, due to the longer-term nature of the Group’s exposure (compared to property
                                  damage claims).
                                  In line with the Group’s accounting policy, management adds a margin to the actuarial best estimate to
                                  arrive at the booked gross claims reserves. This margin reflects the inherent uncertainty in estimating the
                                  ultimate losses on claims, over and above that which can be projected actuarially based on the underlying
                                  claims development data. This is a significant area of judgment and, therefore, a focus of our audit.




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
                                  Specifically, the consistency of the level of prudence within the margin for the UK Car Insurance
                                  reserves, related to large bodily injury claims, is our key area of focus.
                                  Refer to page 172 in the Audit Committee report where this is included as a significant issue and note
                                  3 and note 5d in the financial statements which refer to this matter.
How the scope of our audit        We obtained an understanding of and tested the operating effectiveness of relevant controls relating
responded to the key              to the key actuarial assumptions identified and the setting of the management margin applied as an
audit matter                      uplift on the projected actuarial best estimate.
                                  We obtained and inspected the reports from both management, and management’s external expert
                                  actuary, and have involved our actuarial specialists to challenge key assumptions. We also assessed the
                                  objectivity, competence and capability of management’s expert.
                                  We benchmarked the frequency assumptions against available industry data and considered the
                                  comparison in the context of the risk profile of the Group’s portfolio and the year-on-year changes in
                                  these assumptions.
                                  We undertook a graphical analysis of incurred development patterns to assess and challenge the
                                  severity assumptions. We benchmarked the average cost per claim assumptions against available
                                  third-party industry data in the context of this incurred development analysis.
                                  We inspected management’s accounting judgment papers and tested the relevant controls governing
                                  the claims distribution model in order to assess the qualitative and quantitative support for the
                                  margin held over the actuarial best estimate reserves. We analysed the consistency of prudence within
                                  the booked reserves against previous reporting periods in the context of the underlying uncertainty in
                                  incurred claims development and challenged management’s support for the booked position.
Key observations                  Based on the procedures described above, we consider that the valuation of the gross insurance claims
                                  reserves remain appropriate and in line with the Group’s accounting policy.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
218   Financial Statements




      Independent Auditor’s Report
      continued
      to the members of Admiral Group plc


      5.2. Inflation assumptions applied to UK motor bodily injury claims reserves
      Key audit matter description    Given the ongoing uncertainty associated with the UK’s current and future inflationary environment,
                                      the impact of future inflation assumptions requires the application of significant judgment which
                                      has a material impact on the best estimate reserves. In the current macroeconomic environment,
                                      there is a greater level of uncertainty associated with projecting future assumptions than in previous
                                      periods owing to the uncertainty in forecast future inflation and the extent to which this will impact
                                      claims inflation.
                                      The most significant impact of such inflation assumptions relates to bodily injury claims, given the
                                      relatively low implicit inflation in historical data trends and the time it takes for such claims to develop
                                      and settle; therefore, the effect of such inflationary pressures will not be observable in the claims data
                                      for some time. This is unlike for damage claims where the impact of inflation is already rising due to
                                      inflationary trends in historical data, their faster development, and the fact that they are more closely
                                      linked to the Consumer Price Index (‘CPI’).
                                      Our audit work to respond to the specific risks associated with inflationary assumptions in the UK
                                      motor bodily injury claims reserves required significant input from our actuarial specialists and was
                                      the focus of a significant amount of audit effort; therefore, we considered this a key audit matter.
                                      Refer to page 172 in the Audit Committee report where this is included as a significant issue and note
                                      3 and note 5d in the financial statements which refer to this matter.
      How the scope of our audit      We obtained an understanding of and tested the operating effectiveness of relevant controls relating
      responded to the key            to the key inflation assumptions identified.
      audit matter
                                      We obtained and inspected the reports from both management, and management’s external expert
                                      actuary, and have involved our actuarial specialists to challenge the key assumptions. We also assessed
                                      the objectivity, competence and capability of management’s expert.
                                      We benchmarked management’s inflation assumptions against available industry data and considered
                                      the results of this comparison.
                                      We inspected and challenged the methodology applied in determining the impact of excess inflation
                                      on the year-end reserves, including challenging the future inflation assumptions with reference to
                                      current and future expectations of market wage inflation.
      Key observations                Based on the procedures described above, we consider that the inflation assumptions applied to UK
                                      motor bodily injury claims reserves remain appropriate and in line with the Group’s accounting policy.




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                           219




                                                                                                                                           Company Overview



5.3. Disclosure of the impact of the adoption of IFRS 17


                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
Key audit matter description      With effect from 1 January 2023, the Group transitioned to IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts which replaced
                                  the existing standard for insurance contracts, IFRS 4.
                                  The estimated transitional impact is disclosed in Note 2 to the financial statements for the
                                  year-ended 31 December 2022 in accordance with the requirements of IAS 8: Accounting Policies,
                                  Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors. The disclosures in 2022 are intended to provide users with




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                  an understanding of the estimated impact of the new standard and, as a result, are more limited than
                                  the disclosures to be included in the first year of adoption, being 2023.
                                  We have deemed the disclosure of the impact of the adoption of IFRS 17 a key audit matter as this is a
                                  new and complex accounting standard which has required considerable judgment and interpretation
                                  in its implementation. Furthermore, the new standard has introduced a number of significant changes,
                                  including new requirements regarding the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts and
                                  related account balances and classes of transactions. In order to meet the requirements of the new
                                  standard, significant changes have also been made to the systems, processes and controls with effect
                                  from 1 January 2023.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
How the scope of our audit        While further testing of the financial impact will be performed as part of our 2023 year-end audit,
responded to the key              we have performed sufficient audit procedures for the purposes of assessing the disclosures made
audit matter                      in accordance with IAS 8.
                                  We have obtained an understanding of and tested the operating effectiveness of the relevant controls
                                  governing management’s estimate of the transitional adjustment.
                                  We challenged the appropriateness of key technical accounting decisions, judgments, assumptions
                                  and elections made in determining the estimate to assess compliance with the requirements of




                                                                                                                                           Additional Information
                                  the standard.
                                  We involved our actuarial specialists in performing procedures to challenge the Group’s IFRS 17
                                  calculation models, including those related to the estimate of the fulfilment cashflows and risk
                                  adjustment which form the Liability for Incurred Claims.
                                  We tested the journal entries resulting from the IFRS 17 model outputs which derive the Group’s IFRS
                                  17 position as at 1 January 2022 from the underlying IFRS 4 Balance Sheet through reconciling to the
                                  audited transition adjustments.
                                  We evaluated the disclosures related to the transition impact against the requirements of IAS 8 and
                                  reconciled the disclosed impact to underlying accounting records.
Key observations                  Based on the procedures described above, we consider the assumptions, methodologies and models
                                  applied in preparing the IFRS 17 transition disclosure to be reasonable.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
220   Financial Statements




      Independent Auditor’s Report
      continued
      to the members of Admiral Group plc


      6. Our application of materiality
      6.1. Materiality
      We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable that the economic decisions
      of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced. We use materiality both in planning the scope of our audit work
      and in evaluating the results of our work.
      Based on our professional judgment, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
                                          Group financial statements                         Parent company financial statements

      Materiality                         £23.4 million (2021: £36.2 million)                £4.2 million (2021: £2.9 million)
      Basis for determining               5% of profit before tax (2021: 5% of profit before 3% of two-year average of net assets (2021: 3%
      materiality                         tax from continuing and discontinued operations of two-year average of net assets).
                                          excluding ‘profit on sale’).
      Rationale for the benchmark         We consider profit before tax to be the critical   The Parent Company primarily exists as the
      applied                             benchmark of the performance of the Group and      holding company which carries investments
                                          consider this benchmark to be suitable having      in Group subsidiaries and is the issuer of listed
                                          compared to other benchmarks. Our materiality      securities. We consider that net assets is the
                                          equates to 1% of gross earned premium and 2%       critical benchmark for the Company. The measure
                                          of equity (2021: 1% of gross earned premium and    uses a two-year average of net assets which we
                                          3% of equity).                                     consider appropriate given the inherent volatility
                                                                                             associated with the timing of dividend payments.


                                                                       Group materiality
                                                                       £23.4m


                                                                       Component
      PBT                                                              materiality range
      £469m                                                            £2.9m to £22.2m


                                                                       Audit Committee
                                                                       reporting threshold
                                                                       £1.1m

                      PBT
                      Group materiality




      6.2. Performance materiality
      We set performance materiality at a level lower than materiality to reduce the probability that, in aggregate, uncorrected and
      undetected misstatements exceed the materiality for the financial statements as a whole.
                                          Group financial statements                         Parent company financial statements

      Performance materiality             70% (2021: 70%) of Group materiality               70% (2021: 70%) of Parent Company materiality
      Basis and rationale for             In determining performance materiality, we considered the following factors:
      determining performance
                                          • our risk assessment, including our assessment of the Group’s overall control environment and that
      materiality
                                            we consider it appropriate to rely on controls over a number of business processes; and
                                          • our past experience of the audit, which has indicated a low number of uncorrected misstatements
                                            identified in prior periods.

      6.3. Error reporting threshold
      We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to the Committee all audit differences in excess of £1.1 million
      (2021: £1.8 million), as well as differences below that threshold that, in our view, warranted reporting on qualitative grounds.
      We also report to the Audit Committee on disclosure matters that we identified when assessing the overall presentation of the
      financial statements.




                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             221




                                                                                                                                             Company Overview



7. An overview of the scope of our audit


                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
7.1. Identification and scoping of components
The five (2021: five) significant components of the Group which were identified in our audit planning are Admiral Insurance (Gibraltar)
Limited, Admiral Insurance Company Limited, EUI Limited, Admiral Europe Compañía de Seguros, and the Parent Company, Admiral Group plc.
Each of these significant components was subjected to a full-scope audit, completed to individual component materiality levels
which ranged from £2.9 million to £22.2 million (2021: £2.9 million to £31.4 million) dependent upon the relative significance of each
individual component.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Additionally, we have completed specific audit procedures, designed to address specific audit risks, for eight (2021: seven)
further components.
The components within the scope of our audit procedures account for 98% (2021: 99%) of the Group’s profit before tax,
99% (2021: 99%) of the Group’s revenue and 99% (2021: 99%) of the Group’s net assets.
For the remaining components, which were not subject to full-scope audits or specified audit procedures, we performed analysis
at an aggregated Group level to re-assess our evaluation that there were no significant risks of material misstatement in any of
these components.




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
             7% 1%                                6%       2%                               9%      1%




                                                   Profit
          Revenue                                                                         Net assets
                                                 before tax




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
                     92%                                     92%                                      90%


       Full audit scope                        Full audit scope                         Full audit scope
       Specified audit procedures              Specified audit procedures               Specified audit procedures
       Review at group level                   Review at group level                    Review at group level


7.2. Our consideration of the control environment
We obtained an understanding of and tested the relevant controls within the Group, including controls over the following business
processes: financial reporting, premiums written, other revenue, claims paid, claims reserves, reinsurance and coinsurance, cash and
investments. We also identified the key IT systems in the UK that were relevant to the audit, including the policy administration system,
claims administration systems and the data warehouse. Our audit approach was reliant upon the effectiveness of the controls over all
these business processes.
7.3. Our consideration of climate-related risks
In planning our audit, we have considered the impact of climate change on the Group’s operations and subsequent impact on its financial
statements. The Group sets out its assessment of the potential impact on pages 121 to 124 of the Emerging Risks section.
In conjunction with our Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) specialists, we have held discussions with the Group to
understand management’s:
• process for identifying affected operations, including the governance and controls over this process, and the subsequent effect on the
  financial reporting of the Group; and
• long-term strategy to respond to climate-related risks as they emerge including the effect on the Group’s forecasts.
In addition, our audit work also involved:
• challenging the completeness of the physical and transition risks identified and considered in the Group’s climate risk assessment and
  the conclusion that there is no material impact of climate change risk on the current year financial reporting;
• assessing the Group’s qualitative analysis which supports the Group’s conclusion that there is no material financial statement impact of
  climate risk on expected credit losses; and
• assessing disclosures in the Annual Report against the requirements of the TCFD framework, paragraph 8(a) of Listing Rule 9.8.6R.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
222   Financial Statements




      Independent Auditor’s Report
      continued
      to the members of Admiral Group plc


      We have not been engaged to provide assurance over the accuracy of TCFD disclosures set out on pages 97 to 111 of the Annual Report.
      As part of our procedures, we are required to read these disclosures and to consider whether they are materially inconsistent with the
      financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit. We did not identify any material inconsistencies as a
      result of these procedures.
      7.4. Working with other auditors
      We engaged local component auditors, being Deloitte member firms in the US and Spain, to perform the audit work in these respective
      territories on our behalf. We directed and supervised the work of Deloitte Spain, including through visits to the operations in Madrid,
      and remote communication and review of their work.
      Due to the relative significance of the Group’s operations in the US, while we did not undertake visits to the operations in the US,
      we directed and supervised the work of the component auditor by having frequent phone calls with the component audit team,
      participating in video conferences and reviewing certain key audit documentation remotely.
      8. Other information
      The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and our auditor’s
      report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the Annual Report.
      Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our
      report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
      Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
      If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to
      a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a
      material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.


         We have nothing to report in this regard.


      9. Responsibilities of directors
      As explained more fully in the Directors’ Responsibilities Statement, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial
      statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary
      to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
      In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to
      continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
      unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
      but to do so.
      10. Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
      misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a
      high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material
      misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
      they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
      A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at: www.frc.org.uk/
      auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
      11. Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud
      Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
      responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our
      procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             223




                                                                                                                                             Company Overview



11.1. Identifying and assessing potential risks related to irregularities


                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
In identifying and assessing risks of material misstatement in respect of irregularities, including fraud and non-compliance with laws
and regulations, we considered the following:
• the nature of the industry and sector, control environment and business performance including the design of the Group’s
  remuneration policies, key drivers for directors’ remuneration, bonus levels and performance targets;
• the Group’s own assessment of the risks that irregularities may occur either as a result of fraud or error;




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
• results of our enquiries of management, internal audit, the directors and the Audit Committee about their own identification and
  assessment of the risks of irregularities, including those that are specific to the Group’s sector;
• any matters we identified having obtained and reviewed the Group’s documentation of their policies and procedures relating to:
  – identifying, evaluating and complying with laws and regulations and whether they were aware of any instances of non-compliance;
  – detecting and responding to the risks of fraud and whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud;
  – the internal controls established to mitigate risks of fraud or non-compliance with laws and regulations; and
• the matters discussed among the audit engagement team including significant component audit teams and relevant internal
  specialists, including tax, actuarial, financial instruments, IT, climate, and industry specialists regarding how and where fraud might




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
  occur in the financial statements and any potential indicators of fraud.
As a result of these procedures, we considered the opportunities and incentives that may exist within the organisation for fraud and
identified the greatest potential for fraud in the following areas: valuation of gross insurance claims reserves and inflation assumptions
applied to UK motor bodily injury claims reserves. In common with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also required to perform specific
procedures to respond to the risk of management override.
We also obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that the Group operates in, focusing on provisions of those
laws and regulations that had a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
The key laws and regulations we considered in this context included the UK Companies Act, Listing Rules, Solvency II regulation and
relevant tax legislation.
In addition, we considered provisions of other laws and regulations that do not have a direct effect on the financial statements but
compliance with which may be fundamental to the Group’s ability to operate or to avoid a material penalty. These included the Group’s
operating licence, and the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority regulations.
11.2. Audit response to risks identified
As a result of performing the above, we identified the valuation of gross insurance claims reserves and the inflation assumptions applied
to UK motor bodily injury claims reserves as key audit matters related to the potential risk of fraud. The key audit matters section
of our report explains the matters in more detail and also describes the specific procedures we performed in response to those key
audit matters.
In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to the risks identified included the following:
• reviewing the financial statement disclosures and testing to supporting documentation to assess compliance with provisions of
  relevant laws and regulations described as having a direct effect on the financial statements;
• enquiring of management, the Audit Committee and in-house legal counsel concerning actual and potential litigation and claims;
• performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships that may indicate risks of material misstatement
  due to fraud;
• reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance, reviewing internal audit reports and reviewing correspondence with
  HMRC, the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority; and
• in addressing the risk of fraud through management override of controls, testing the appropriateness of journal entries and other
  adjustments; assessing whether the judgments made in making accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias; and evaluating
  the business rationale of any significant transactions that are unusual or outside the normal course of business.
We also communicated relevant identified laws and regulations and potential fraud risks to all engagement team members including
internal specialists and significant component audit teams, and remained alert to any indications of fraud or non-compliance with laws
and regulations throughout the audit.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
224   Financial Statements




      Independent Auditor’s Report
      continued
      to the members of Admiral Group plc


      Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
      12. Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

         In our opinion the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
         Companies Act 2006.
         In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
         • the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for which the financial statements
           are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
         • the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
         In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the Parent Company and their environment obtained in the
         course of the audit, we have not identified any material misstatements in the Strategic Report or the Directors’ Report.

      13. Corporate Governance Statement
      The Listing Rules require us to review the directors’ statement in relation to going concern, longer-term viability and that part of the
      Corporate Governance Statement relating to the Group’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code specified
      for our review.


         Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the Corporate
         Governance Statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit:
         • the directors’ statement with regards to the appropriateness of adopting the going concern basis of accounting and any
           material uncertainties identified set out on page 210;
         • the directors’ explanation as to its assessment of the Group’s prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the period is
           appropriate set out on page 122 to 124;
         • the directors’ statement on fair, balanced and understandable set out on page 212;
         • the Board’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks set out on page 114;
         • the section of the Annual Report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems
           set out on pages 114 to 120; and
         • the section describing the work of the Audit Committee set out on page 171.

      14. Matters on which we are required to report by exception
      14.1. Adequacy of explanations received and accounting records
      Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
      • we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
      • adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
        from branches not visited by us; or
      • the Parent Company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.


         We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

      14.2. Directors’ remuneration
      Under the Companies Act 2006 we are also required to report if in our opinion certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration have not
      been made or the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited is not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.


         We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                          225




                                                                                                                                          Company Overview



15. Other matters which we are required to address


                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
15.1. Auditor tenure
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were appointed by shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting on
28 April 2022 to audit the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022 and subsequent financial periods. The period of
total uninterrupted engagement including previous renewals and reappointments of the firm is seven years, covering the years ending
31 December 2016 to 31 December 2022.
15.2. Consistency of the audit report with the additional report to the Audit Committee




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Our audit opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee we are required to provide in accordance with
ISAs (UK).
16. Use of our report
This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006.
Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members those matters we are required to state to
them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility
to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
have formed.




                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
As required by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule (DTR) 4.1.14R, these financial
statements form part of the European Single Electronic Format (‘ESEF’) prepared Annual Financial Report filed on the National Storage
Mechanism of the UK FCA in accordance with the ESEF Regulatory Technical Standard (‘ESEF RTS’). This auditor’s report provides no
assurance over whether the annual financial report has been prepared using the single electronic format specified in the ESEF RTS.




                                                                                                                                          Additional Information
David Rush
(Senior statutory auditor)
For and on behalf of Deloitte LLP
Statutory Auditor
London, United Kingdom
7 March 2023




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
226   Financial Statements




      Consolidated Income Statement
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                                    Year ended
                                                                                                             31 December         31 December
                                                                                                                    2022                2021
      Continuing operations                                                                          Note             £m                 £m
      Insurance premium revenue                                                                                 2,705.4             2,492.3
      Insurance premium ceded to reinsurers                                                                    (1,794.4)           (1,637.3)
      Net insurance premium revenue                                                                    5          911.0               855.0
      Other revenue                                                                                    8          318.8               314.8
      Profit commission                                                                                5          170.9               304.5
      Interest income                                                                                  7           58.7                36.6
      Interest expense                                                                                 7          (12.6)               (6.1)
      Net interest income from loans                                                                               46.1                30.5
      Investment return – interest income at effective interest rate                                   6           52.3                40.6
      Investment return – other                                                                        6           12.3                 6.2
      Investment return recoverable from co- and reinsurers                                            6          (20.0)               (1.6)
      Net revenue                                                                                               1,491.4             1,550.0
      Insurance claims and claims handling expenses                                                    5       (2,081.4)           (1,506.8)
      Insurance claims and claims handling expenses recoverable from reinsurers                                 1,575.3             1,174.5
      Net insurance claims                                                                              5        (506.1)             (332.3)
      Operating expenses and share scheme charges                                                       9        (924.8)             (970.1)
      Operating expenses and share scheme charges recoverable from co- and reinsurers                   9         439.3               491.1
      Expected credit losses                                                                         6, 9         (18.9)              (13.3)
      Net operating expenses and share scheme charges                                                            (504.4)             (492.3)
      Total expenses                                                                                           (1,010.5)             (824.6)
      Operating profit                                                                                            480.9               725.4
      Finance costs                                                                                    6          (13.4)              (13.7)
      Finance costs recoverable from co- and reinsurers                                                6            1.5                 1.8
      Net finance costs                                                                                           (11.9)              (11.9)
      Profit before tax from continuing operations                                                                469.0               713.5
      Taxation expense                                                                                10          (97.2)             (130.2)
      Profit after tax from continuing operations                                                                 371.8               583.3
      Profit before tax from discontinued operations                                                                  –                11.3
      Gain on disposal                                                                                                –               404.4
      Taxation expense                                                                                                –                (2.3)
      Profit after tax from discontinued operations                                                   13              –               413.4
      Profit after tax from continuing and discontinued operations                                                371.8               996.7
      Profit after tax attributable to:
      Equity holders of the parent                                                                                373.0               997.9
      Non-controlling interests (NCI)                                                                              (1.2)               (1.2)
                                                                                                                  371.8               996.7
      Earnings per share – from continuing operations
      Basic                                                                                           12         124.3p             196.7p
      Diluted                                                                                         12         123.7p             196.1p
      Earnings per share – from continuing and discontinued operations
      Basic                                                                                           12         124.3p             335.5p
      Diluted                                                                                         12         123.7p             334.5p
         Dividends declared and paid (total)                                                          12          658.3              720.9
         Dividends declared and paid (per share)                                                      12         223.0p             247.0p




                                                                                        Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                              227




Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                              Company Overview
For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                              Strategic Report
                                                                                   Year ended
                                                                             31 December        31 December
                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                      Note            £m                £m
Profit for the period – from continuing and discontinued operations              371.8               996.7
Other comprehensive income
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss




                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Movements in fair value reserve                                                 (255.6)              (50.1)
Deferred tax charge in relation to movement in fair value reserve      10         13.0                 1.4
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                          6.9               (10.4)
Movement in hedging reserve                                                       25.1                 6.6
Deferred tax charge in relation to movement in hedging reserve                    (7.0)                  –
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of income tax                    (217.6)              (52.5)
Total comprehensive income for the period                                        154.2               944.2
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:




                                                                                                              Financial Statements
Equity holders of the parent                                                     155.3               945.7
Non-controlling interests                                                         (1.1)               (1.5)
                                                                                 154.2               944.2




                                                                                                              Additional Information




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
228   Financial Statements




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2022




                                                                                                                             As at
                                                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                         Note             £m                 £m
      ASSETS
      Property and equipment                                                                              11           89.8               103.2
      Intangible assets                                                                                   11          248.3               179.9
      Deferred income tax                                                                                 10           18.5                 9.3
      Corporation tax asset                                                                               10              –                10.6
      Reinsurance assets                                                                                   5        2,714.0             2,176.1
      Loans and advances to customers                                                                      7          823.9               556.8
      Insurance and other receivables                                                                      6        1,335.8             1,208.5
      Financial investments                                                                                6        3,411.2             3,742.6
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            6          297.0               372.7
      Total assets                                                                                                  8,938.5             8,359.7
      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                                       12            0.3                 0.3
      Share premium account                                                                                            13.1                13.1
      Other reserves                                                                                      12         (173.7)               44.0
      Retained earnings                                                                                             1,114.5             1,348.8
      Total equity attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                       954.2             1,406.2
      Non-controlling interests                                                                                         1.2                 2.3
      Total equity                                                                                                    955.4             1,408.5
      LIABILITIES
      Insurance contract liabilities                                                                        5       4,792.5             4,215.0
      Subordinated and other financial liabilities                                                          6         939.1               670.9
      Trade and other payables                                                                          6, 11       2,158.0             1,960.0
      Lease liabilities                                                                                     6          88.5               105.3
      Corporation tax liability                                                                            10           5.0                   –
      Total liabilities                                                                                             7,983.1             6,951.2
      Total equity and total liabilities                                                                            8,938.5             8,359.7

      The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.
      These financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 7 March 2023 and were signed on its behalf by:




      Geraint Jones
      Chief Financial Officer
      Admiral Group plc
      Company Number: 03849958




                                                                                            Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                          229




Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                                                          Company Overview
For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
                                                                                               Year ended
                                                                                         31 December        31 December
                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                 Note             £m                £m
Profit after tax – from continuing and discontinued operations                               371.8               996.7
Adjustments for non-cash items:
– Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets            11         18.2                23.6




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
– Impairment/Disposal of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets     11         (1.2)               23.8
– Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets                                 11         23.7                44.7
– Gain on disposal of Comparison entities held for sale                            13            –              (404.4)
– Movement in expected credit loss provision                                        6         11.7                13.3
– Share scheme charges                                                              9         57.3                65.2
– Accrued interest income from loans and advances to customers                                   –                (0.8)
– Interest expense on funding for loans and advances to customers                             12.6                 6.1
– Investment return                                                                 6        (64.6)              (45.2)




                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
– Finance costs, including unwinding of discounts on lease liabilities                        13.4                12.0
– Taxation expense                                                                  10        97.2               132.5
Change in gross insurance contract liabilities                                       5       577.5               133.7
Change in reinsurance assets                                                         5      (537.9)              (92.9)
Change in insurance and other receivables                                        6, 11      (129.8)               (9.2)
Change in loans and advances to customers                                            7      (280.6)             (205.2)
Change in trade and other payables, including tax and social security               11       198.0               (56.1)




                                                                                                                          Additional Information
Cash flows from operating activities, before movements in investments                        367.3               637.8
Purchases of financial instruments                                                        (3,198.0)           (3,710.2)
Proceeds on disposal/maturity of financial instruments                                     3,328.3             3,397.1
Interest and investment income received                                             6         58.7                46.6
Cash flows from operating activities, net of movements in investments                        556.3               371.3
Taxation payments                                                                            (91.2)             (126.7)
Net cash flow from operating activities                                                      465.1               244.6
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of property, equipment and software                                      11        (98.6)              (69.2)
Investment in associates                                                                      (2.4)                  –
Proceeds from sale of Comparison entities                                                        –               471.8
Net costs paid on sale of Comparison entities                                                    –               (14.8)
Net cash used in investing activities                                                       (101.0)              387.8
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds on issue of loan backed securities                                          6       267.8               185.9
Finance costs paid, including interest expense paid on funding for loans          6, 7       (25.3)              (20.2)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                       6        (9.2)               (9.6)
Equity dividends paid                                                              12       (658.3)             (720.9)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                       (425.0)             (564.8)
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       (60.9)               67.6
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                       372.7               351.7
Cash and cash equivalents included in disposal of comparison entities                            –               (41.3)
Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                 (14.8)               (5.3)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                            6        297.0               372.7




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
230   Financial Statements




      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                     Attributable to the owners of the Company
                                                                Share                             Foreign   Retained                    Non-
                                                    Share    premium    Fair value   Hedging    exchange       profit             controlling     Total
                                                   capital    account     reserve     reserve     reserve    and loss       Total   interests    equity
                                            Note      £m          £m           £m         £m          £m          £m          £m          £m        £m
      Balance at 1 January 2021                      0.3        13.1        85.4        (3.6)      13.1     1,004.4 1,112.7            10.7 1,123.4
      Profit/(loss) for the period
      – from continuing and
      discontinued operations                           –          –            –          –           –      997.9       997.9         (1.2)   996.7
      Other comprehensive income
      Movements in fair value reserve                   –          –       (50.1)          –           –           –      (50.1)           –     (50.1)
      Deferred tax credit in relation to
      movement in fair value reserve         10         –          –         1.4           –          –            –        1.4            –       1.4
      Movement in hedging reserve                       –          –           –         6.6          –            –        6.6            –       6.6
      Currency translation differences                  –          –           –           –      (10.1)           –      (10.1)        (0.3)    (10.4)
      Total comprehensive income for
      the period                                        –          –       (48.7)        6.6      (10.1)      997.9       945.7         (1.5)   944.2
      Transactions with equity holders
      Dividends                              12         –          –            –          –           –     (720.9) (720.9)               –    (720.9)
      Share scheme credit                     9         –          –            –          –           –       63.1    63.1                –      63.1
      Deferred tax credit on share
      schemes credit                         10         –          –            –          –           –         6.0         6.0           –       6.0
      Transfer to gain on disposal of
      assets held for sale                              –          –            –          –         1.3        (2.0)       (0.7)        0.1      (0.6)
      Change in ownership interests on
      sale of comparison                                –          –            –          –           –           –             –      (6.7)    (6.7)
      Change in ownership interests
      without a change in control                       –          –            –          –           –         0.3         0.3        (0.3)        –
      Total transactions with
      equity holders                                   –           –          –            –         1.3     (653.5) (652.2)            (6.9) (659.1)
      As at 31 December 2021                         0.3        13.1       36.7          3.0         4.3    1,348.8 1,406.2              2.3 1,408.5
      Balance at 1 January 2022                      0.3        13.1       36.7          3.0         4.3    1,348.8 1,406.2              2.3 1,408.5
      Profit/(loss) for the period
      – from continuing and
      discontinued operations                           –          –            –          –           –      373.0       373.0         (1.2)   371.8
      Other comprehensive income
      Movements in fair value reserve                   –          –     (255.6)           –           –           –     (255.6)           –    (255.6)
      Deferred tax credit in relation to
      movement in fair value reserve         10         –          –       13.0           –            –           –       13.0            –      13.0
      Movement in hedging reserve                       –          –          –        25.1            –           –       25.1            –      25.1
      Deferred tax on charge in relation
      to movement in hedging reserve                    –          –            –       (7.0)          –           –        (7.0)          –      (7.0)
      Currency translation differences                  –          –            –          –         6.8           –         6.8         0.1       6.9
      Total comprehensive income for
      the period                                        –          –     (242.6)       18.1          6.8      373.0       155.3         (1.1)   154.2
      Transactions with equity holders
      Dividends                              12         –          –            –          –           –     (658.3) (658.3)               –    (658.3)
      Share scheme credit                     9         –          –            –          –           –       57.3    57.3                –      57.3
      Deferred tax charge on share
      schemes credit                         10         –          –            –          –           –        (6.3)       (6.3)          –      (6.3)
      Change in ownership interests
      without a change in control                       –          –            –          –           –           –             –         –         –
      Total transactions with
      equity holders                                   –          –          –            –           –   (607.3) (607.3)                 –     (607.3)
      As at December 2022                            0.3       13.1     (205.9)        21.1        11.1 1,114.5    954.2                1.2      955.4

                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 231




Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview
For the year ended 31 December 2022




1. General information


                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
Admiral Group plc is a public limited company incorporated in England and Wales. Its registered office is at Tŷ Admiral, David Street,
Cardiff CF10 2EH and its shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange. The nature of Admiral Group operations and its principal
activities is set out in the Business model section on page 6.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared and approved by the Directors in accordance with United Kingdom adopted
international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. The Company has elected to
prepare its parent company financial statements in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
(FRS 101).
2. Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a Going Concern basis. In making this assessment, the Directors’ have
considered in detail the impact of the pandemic on the Group’s financial position and performance, including the projection of the
Group’s profits, regulatory capital surpluses and sources of liquidity for the next 12 months and beyond.
The following areas were focused on as part of this review:
• The Group’s profit projections, including:




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
  – Changes in premium rates and projected policy volumes across the Group’s insurance businesses, including early indications of the
    impact of the FCA general insurance pricing reform which came into effect at the start of 2022
  – Potential impacts on the cost of settling claims across all insurance businesses, including the impact of inflationary pressures
  – Projected trends in other revenue generated by the Group’s insurance business from fees and the sale of ancillary products
  – Projected contributions to profit from businesses other than the UK Car insurance business
  – Expected trends in unemployment in the context of credit risks and the growth of the Group’s Loans business
• The Group’s solvency position, which has been closely monitored through periods of market volatility. The Group continues to maintain




                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
  a strong solvency position above target levels
• The adequacy of the Group’s liquidity position after considering all of the factors noted above
• The results of business plan scenarios and stress tests on the projected profitability, solvency and liquidity positions including the
  impact of severe downside scenarios that assume severe adverse economic, credit and trading stresses
• The regulatory environment, in particular focusing on regulatory guidance issued by the Group’s regulators and ongoing
  communications between management and regulators
• A review of the Company’s principal risks and uncertainties and the assessment of emerging risks
Following consideration of the above, the Directors have reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in
operation for the foreseeable future, a period of not less than 12 months from the date of this report, and that it is therefore appropriate
to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.
Further information regarding the Company’s business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development,
performance and position, is set out in the Strategic Report. Further information regarding the financial position of the Company,
its cash flows, liquidity position and borrowing facilities are also described in the Strategic Report. In addition, notes 6 and 12 to the
financial statements include the Company’s objectives, policies and processes for managing its capital; its financial risk management
objectives; details of its financial instruments; and its exposures to credit risk and liquidity risk. The accounting policies set out in the
notes to the financial statements have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these Group
financial statements.
The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the revaluation of financial assets classified as fair value
through profit or loss or as fair value through other comprehensive income. The Group and Company financial statements are presented
in pounds sterling, rounded to the nearest £0.1 million.
Cash flows from operating activities before movements in investments comprise all cash flows arising from the Group’s insurance and
reinsurance activities, and from loans and advances issued to customers. Cash flows from financing activities include the cash flows on
issues of loan backed securities, lease liabilities and other financial liabilities.
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from
its involvement with the entity and can affect those returns through its power over the entity.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
232   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      In assessing control, the Group takes into consideration potential voting rights that are currently exercisable. The acquisition date is the
      date on which control is transferred to the acquirer. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial
      statements from the date that control commences until the date control ceases. Losses applicable to the non-controlling interests in a
      subsidiary are allocated to the non-controlling interests even if doing so causes the non-controlling interests to have a deficit balance.
      The Group has securitised certain loans and advances to customers by the transfer of the loans to special purpose entities (“SPEs”)
      controlled by the Group. Securitisation enables a subsequent issuance of debt by the SPEs to investors who gain the security of the
      underlying assets as collateral. These SPEs are fully consolidated into the Group financial statements under IFRS 10, as the Group controls
      the entity in line with the above definition.
      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with adopted IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and
      assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates
      and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
      circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
      readily apparent from other sources.
      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in
      the year in which the estimate is reviewed. To the extent that a change in an accounting estimate gives rise to changes in assets and
      liabilities, the movement is recognised by adjusting the carrying amount of the related asset or liability in the period in which the
      change occurs.
      Adoption of new and revised standards
      The Group has adopted the following IFRSs and interpretations during the year, which have been issued and endorsed:
      • Amendments to IFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual Framework (effective 1 January 2022)
      • Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment–Proceeds before Intended Use (effective 1 January 2022)
      • Amendments to IAS 37 Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (effective 1 January 2022)
      • Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020 Cycle: Amendments to IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial
        Reporting Standards, IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, and IFRS 16 Leases (effective 1 January 2022)
      New and revised IFRS Standards in issue but not yet effective
      At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRS Standards that
      have been issued but are not yet effective:
      • IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (effective 1 January 2023)
      • Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice
        Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting Policies (effective 1 January 2023)
      • Amendments to IAS 8 Accounting policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors: Definition of Accounting Estimates
        (effective 1 January 2023)
      • Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes: Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a single transaction
        (effective 1 January 2023)
      The Directors do not expect that the adoption of the Standards listed above will have a material impact on the financial statements of
      the Group in future periods, except as noted below:




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                233




                                                                                                                                                Company Overview



IFRS 17: Accounting for Insurance contracts


                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, as issued by the IASB and endorsed by the UK Endorsement Board on 16 May 2022, is a replacement for
IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with a transition balance sheet date of
1 January 2022.
The adoption of IFRS 17 does not change the classification of the Group’s insurance contracts. However, IFRS 17 establishes specific
principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held by
the Group.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Applying IFRS 17 to the Group’s contracts, the scope of the standard is aligned to IFRS 4, with insurance liabilities comprised of the
Liability for Remaining Coverage (‘LRC’), and the Liability for Incurred Claims (‘LIC’). Reinsurance assets are comprised of the Asset for
Remaining Coverage (‘ARC’) and Asset for Incurred Claims (‘AIC’).
IFRS 17 outlines a general model, which is simplified if certain criteria are met by measuring the liability for remaining coverage using the
premium allocation approach (‘PAA’).
Under IFRS 17, the Group’s insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held are all eligible to be measured by applying the PAA,
given that:




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
• The Group’s insurance contracts issued have coverage periods of 6 to 12 months in duration and therefore automatically qualify for the
  PAA under IFRS 17.53(b); and
• Whilst the Group’s reinsurance contracts have coverage periods which extend beyond 12 months, modelling of these contracts shows
  that using the PAA produces a measurement of the LRC which is not materially different from the LRC produced using the general
  model. These contracts are therefore eligible to be measured applying the PAA under IFRS 17.53(a).
The Group therefore intends to apply the PAA across all of its insurance contracts issued and reinsurance contracts held.
Differences in measurement principles




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
The measurement principles of the PAA differ from the approach used by the Group under IFRS 4 in the following key areas:
• The measurement of insurance liabilities and reinsurance assets is performed at a more granular level than IFRS 4, taking into account:
  – the type of risk and how it is managed (a “portfolio” of insurance contracts);
  – the projected level of profitability; and
  – disaggregating the contracts into annual cohorts (i.e. each “group” of contracts is considered by underwriting year for the Group.
• The measurement of the liability for incurred claims (claims outstanding under IFRS 4, comprised of the best estimate of claims
  outstanding plus a margin held above actuarial best estimates for adverse development) is determined on a discounted probability-
  weighted expected value basis plus an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk, which is separately reported
• The measurement of the liability for remaining coverage reflects premiums received less any deferred insurance acquisition cash flows
  (unless these are expensed as incurred) and less amounts recognised in revenue for insurance services provided. This corresponds to
  items reported under IFRS 4 as the unearned premium reserve, less deferred acquisition costs and insurance receivables
• Where facts and circumstances exist indicating that a group of contracts may be onerous, the Group must assess whether an onerous
  loss component should be recognised. The calculation of the onerous loss component compares the fulfilment cashflows relating to
  the liability for remaining coverage measured using the general model (including the risk adjustment for non-financial risk) to the
  recognised liability for remaining coverage, with any deficiency recognised as an onerous loss component
• The asset for remaining coverage reflects reinsurance premiums paid for reinsurance held, less ceded earned reinsurance premiums.
  Ceded reinsurance premiums under IFRS 17 are presented and earned net of any ceded reinsurance expense recoveries, which were
  presented separately under IFRS 4 and recognised in line with the timing of the gross expenses incurred. In addition, the asset for
  remaining coverage is adjusted to include a loss-recovery component to reflect the expected recovery of onerous contract losses
  (on the underlying insurance contracts issued) where such contracts reinsure onerous direct contracts
• The asset for incurred claims reflects the expected reinsurance recoveries of claims related cashflows on a discounted, probability
  weighted expected value basis, inclusive of the risk adjustment
• Under IFRS 17, income that is currently recognised immediately as commission income on underwritten ancillary products is required
  to be recognised over the life of the policy as insurance revenue. This is because the commission income is not considered a separable
  component under IFRS 17. As a result, part of the income that was recognised under IFRS 4 at year end 2021 is deferred under IFRS 17




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
234   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      Key accounting policy decisions
      • As set out above, both the Group’s insurance and reinsurance contracts have been deemed eligible for the PAA, and the Group is
        intending to apply the PAA across all of its insurance and reinsurance contracts
      • The application of the disaggregation requirements of IFRS 17 have resulted in the Group determining its portfolios of insurance
        contracts as being by country of issue and line of business
      • The Group intends to take the option to expense its insurance acquisition cashflows immediately (with all contracts eligible for this
        treatment, given the coverage period of < 12 months), having previously deferred these expenses under IFRS 4
      • The Group will compute its discount yield curves using a risk-free rate, plus an illiquidity premium reflective of the illiquidity of the
        underlying claims. The illiquidity premium will be set by reference to several illiquidity data points, principally using illiquidity on
        internal asset information supplemented by quantitative analysis when required
      • The Group intends to implement the option to take the difference arising from changes in the discount yield curve through Other
        Comprehensive Income rather than the Income Statement, with insurance finance expenses thereby only comprising the unwinding of
        discounting based on the locked-in rate at the time the claims are incurred
      • Although IFRS 17 requires a risk adjustment to be included in the measurement of the liability for incurred claims, there is no
        prescribed methodology or range. The Group has made an accounting policy decision to base its risk adjustment on a confidence level
        approach, setting the risk adjustment between the 85th and 95th percentile at an entity level basis, based on Group risk appetite. At the
        date of transition, the Group expects the risk adjustment to be at the upper end of the corridor
      Estimated impact of transition
      The Group is in the advanced stages of implementing the standard. The Group will be applying the standard using a fully retrospective
      approach, and with its first reporting in 2023 will restate the 2022 comparatives, including the opening Balance Sheet under IFRS 17 as
      at 1 January 2022. The estimated impact on the opening Balance Sheet is expected to be a reduction in the Group’s equity of between
      £100 million and £130 million. The final impact within the range presented is dependent on the final outcome of a small number of
      outstanding technical judgements in respect of the calculation of the risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
      The key changes driving the estimated adverse impact on transition are:
      • An adverse impact arising from the Group’s accounting policy choice to expense acquisition costs, which results in a write off of the
        Group’s gross deferred acquisition cost asset
      • A reduction in quota share reinsurance assets as a result of the change in timing in recognition of ceded quota share expense recoveries
      • An adverse impact due to the deferral of revenue in relation to underwritten ancillary products, which was previously recognised
        immediately as commission income
      • An offsetting favourable impact due to changes in the Group’s claims liabilities, net of reinsurance, as a result of the requirements for
        the liability and asset for incurred claims to be calculated using a probability weighted, discounted best estimate plus risk adjustment
        for non-financial risk.
      • The tax treatment of the transition impact follows the accounting treatment, with no transitional relief available. The tax impact on
        transition has been calculated at an entity level, based on the tax rates that are expected to be in place in 2023, when the transition
        impacts will be realised. Deferred tax assets in relation to carried forward losses are recognised only to the extent that it is probable
        future taxable profit will be available against which the assets can be utilised, in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy
        for taxation
      These estimates are based on accounting policies, assumptions, judgements and estimation techniques that remain subject to change
      until the Group finalises and reports its interim results in August 2023.
      In addition to the impact on equity at transition, there are a number of presentational changes that will result in a reduction in insurance
      contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets, primarily as a result of these balances being offset by the related insurance receivables
      and reinsurance receivables and payables.
      The cash flows and underlying capital generation of our businesses are not materially affected by IFRS 17, and we do not expect the
      standard to have an impact on the Group’s Solvency II performance metrics.




                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                               235




                                                                                                                                               Company Overview



3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty


                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
In applying the Group’s accounting policies as described in the notes to the financial statements, the Directors are required to make
judgements (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts recognised and to make estimates
and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the
revision affects both current and future periods.
Critical accounting judgements
The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (which are presented separately below), that the
Directors have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts
recognised in the financial statements.
Classification of the Group’s contracts with reinsurers as reinsurance contracts
A contract is required to transfer significant insurance risk in order to be classified as such. Management reviews all terms and conditions




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
of each such insurance and reinsurance contract in order to be able to make this judgement. In particular, all reinsurance contracts (both
excess of loss and quota share contracts) held by the Group have been assessed and it has been concluded that all contracts transfer
significant insurance risk and have therefore been classified and accounted for as reinsurance contracts within these financial statements.
Consolidation of the Group’s special purpose entities (‘SPEs’)
The Group has set up SPEs in relation to the Admiral Loans business, whereby the Group securitises certain loans by the transfer of the
loans to the respective SPEs. The securitisation enables a subsequent issue of debt by the SPEs to investors who gain the security of the
underlying assets as collateral.




                                                                                                                                               Additional Information
The accounting treatment of SPEs has been assessed and it has been concluded that the entities should be fully consolidated into the
Group’s financial statements under IFRS 10. This is due to the fact that despite not having legal ownership, the Group has control of the
SPEs, being exposed to the returns and having the ability to affect those returns through its power over the SPEs.
The SPEs have been fully consolidated into the Group’s financial statements.
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting period that may have
a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are
discussed below.
Calculation of insurance claims provisions and reinsurance assets
The Group’s reserving policy requires management to set provisions for outstanding claims for the purpose of the financial statements,
above the projected best estimate outcome to allow for unforeseen adverse claims development. In the application of this policy,
management applies judgement in:
• Calculating the best estimate of the gross ultimate total cost of settling claims that have been incurred prior to the balance
  sheet date;
• Calculating the best estimate of the non-proportional excess of loss reinsurance recoveries relating to outstanding claims; and
• Determining where, above the projected best estimate outcomes of gross outstanding claims and reinsurance recoveries,
  the insurance claims provisions should sit in line with the Group’s reserving methodology
Estimation techniques are used in the calculation of the provisions for claims outstanding, which represent a projection of the ultimate
estimated total cost of settling claims that have been incurred prior to the balance sheet date and remain unsettled at the balance sheet
date, along with a margin to allow for unforeseen adverse claims development.
The primary areas of estimation uncertainty are as follows:
1) Calculation of gross best estimate claims provisions
The key area where estimation techniques are used is in the ultimate projected cost of reported claims, which includes the emergence of
claims that occurred prior to the balance sheet date, but had not been reported at that date.
The Group, utilising internal actuarial teams, projects the best estimate claims reserves using a variety of different recognised actuarial
projection techniques (for example incurred and paid chain ladders, and initial expected assumptions) to allow an actuarial assessment
of their potential outcome. This includes an allowance for unreported claims. The projection techniques are subject to review by an
independent external actuarial specialist to provide an impartial assessment.



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
236   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      Claims are segmented into groups with similar characteristics and which are expected to develop and behave similarly, for example bodily
      injury (attritional and large) and damage claims, with specific projection methods selected for each head of damage. Key sources of
      estimation uncertainty arise from both the selection of the projection methods and the assumptions made in setting claims provisions
      through the review of historical development of underlying case reserve estimates, overlaid with emerging market trends.
      Allowance is made for changes arising from the internal and external environment which may cause future claim cost inflation to deviate
      from that seen in historic data. Examples of these factors include:
      • Changes in the reporting patterns of claims impacting the frequency of bodily injury claims;
      • Emerging inflationary trends on the average cost of bodily injury and damage claims;
      • The likelihood of bodily injury claims settling as Periodic Payment Orders;
      • Changes in the regulatory or legal environment that lead to changes in awards for bodily injury claims and associated legal costs;
      • Changes to the underlying process and methodologies employed in setting and reviewing case reserve estimates
      Implicit assumptions in the actuarial projections include average cost per claim and average claim numbers by accident year, future rates of
      claims inflation and loss ratios by accident year and underwriting year. These metrics are reviewed and challenged as part of the process for
      making allowance for the uncertainties noted.
      2) Calculation of excess of loss reinsurance recoveries
      The Group uses excess of loss reinsurance in order to mitigate the impact of large claims. The reinsurance is non-proportional and
      recoveries are made on individual claims above the relevant thresholds.
      As for the underlying gross claims, actuarial teams project the best estimate excess of loss reinsurance recoveries using a variety of
      actuarial projection techniques that focus on both the ultimate frequency of reported recoveries and the average size of the recovery.
      Key sources of estimation uncertainty arise from both the selection of the projection methods and the assumptions made in calculating
      the recoveries through the review of historical development of underlying case reserve estimates, overlaid with emerging market trends.
      The most significant element of the estimation relates to large bodily injury claims. The key assumption in the calculation of excess
      of loss recoveries relates to the numbers of large claims in the Group’s UK Motor insurance business that will attract recoveries, where
      the high retention means that a small number of additional large claims would potentially result in a material increase in the excess of
      loss recoveries.
      3) Calculation of the margin held for adverse development
      A wide range of factors inform management’s recommendation in setting the margin held above actuarial best estimates, which is
      subject to approval from the Group’s Reserving and Audit Committees, including:
      • Reserve KPIs such as the level of margin as a percentage of the ultimate reserve;
      • Results of stress testing of key assumptions underpinning key actuarial assumptions within best estimate reserves;
      • A review of a number of individual and aggregated reserve scenarios which may result in future adverse variance to the ultimate best
        estimate reserve;
      • Qualitative assessment of the level of uncertainty and volatility within the reserves and the change in that assessment compared to
        previous periods
      In addition, for the Group’s UK Car insurance business, the Group’s internal reserve risk distribution is used to determine the approximate
      confidence level of the recommended booked reserve position which enables comparison of the reserve strength to previous periods and
      of it’s compliance with IFRS 4.
      For sensitivities in respect of the claims reserves, refer to note 5d(ii) of the financial statements. These sensitivities are provided based
      on booked loss ratios, as it is impractical to disaggregate the assumptions further, but for the disaggregated assumptions it is reasonably
      possible, on the basis of existing knowledge, that outcomes within the next financial year that are different from the assumption could
      require a material adjustment to the carrying amount. For further detail on objectives, policies and procedures for managing insurance
      risk, refer to note 5 of the financial statements.
      Future changes in claims reserves also impact profit commission income, as the measurement of this income is dependent on the loss
      ratio booked in the financial statements, and cash receivable is dependent on actuarial projections of ultimate loss ratios.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                             237




                                                                                                                                             Company Overview



Calculation of expected credit loss provision


                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
The Group is required to calculate an expected credit loss (‘ECL’) allowance in respect of the carrying value of the Admiral loans book in
line with the requirements of IFRS 9. Due to the size of the loan book, the calculation of the ECL is deemed to be a critical accounting
judgement and includes key sources of estimation uncertainty. Management applies judgement in:
• Determining the appropriate modelling solution for measuring the ECL;
• Calibrating and selecting appropriate assumptions;




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
• Setting the criteria for what constitutes a significant increase in credit risk;
• Identification of key scenarios to include and determining the credit loss in these instances
The key areas of estimation uncertainty are in the calculation of the probability of default (PD) in the base scenario for stage 1 and 2
assets, and the determination, impact assessment and weighting of the forward-looking scenarios.
Refer to the analysis in note 7 to the financial statements for further detail on the Group’s ECL methodology applied in the period.
4. Operating segments
4a. Accounting policies




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
(i) Group consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the results and balances of the Company and all entities controlled by the Company,
being its subsidiaries and SPEs (together referred to as the Group), for the year ended 31 December 2022 and comparative figures for
the year ended 31 December 2021. The financial statements of the Company’s subsidiaries and its SPEs are consolidated in the Group
financial statements.
The Company controls 100% of the voting share capital of all its principal subsidiaries, except Admiral Law Limited, Inspop USA LLC,
comparenow.com Insurance Agency LLC (indirect holding).
An SPE is fully consolidated into the Group financial statements under IFRS 10, where the Group has control over the SPE.




                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
The parent company financial statements present information about the Company as a separate entity and not about its Group.
In accordance with IAS 24, transactions or balances between Group companies that have been eliminated on consolidation are not
reported as related party transactions in the consolidated financial statements.
(ii) Foreign currency translation
Items included in the financial records of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated financial statements are presented in pounds
sterling, the Group’s presentational currency, rounded to the nearest £0.1 million.
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year end
exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the income statement.
Non-monetary items measured at cost are translated at their historic rate and non-monetary items held at fair value are translated using
the foreign exchange rate on the date that the fair value was established.
The financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currency is not pounds sterling are translated into the Group
presentation currency (pound sterling) as follows:
• Assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that balance sheet
• Income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average monthly exchange rates (unless this average is not a
  reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses
  are translated at the date of the transaction)
• All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and in a separate component of equity except to the
  extent that the translation differences are attributable to non-controlling interests
On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount recognised in equity relating to that particular operation is recognised in the
income statement.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
238   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      4. Operating segments continued
      4b. Segment reporting
      The Group has four (five for financial year 2021 including discontinued operations) reportable segments, as described below.
      These segments represent the principal split of business that is regularly reported to the Group’s Board of Directors, which is considered
      to be the Group’s chief operating decision maker in line with IFRS 8 Operating Segments.
      UK Insurance
      The segment consists of the underwriting of Motor, Household, Pet and Travel insurance and other products that supplement these
      insurance policies within the UK. It also includes the generation of revenue from additional products and fees from underwriting
      insurance in the UK. The Directors consider the results of these activities to be reportable as one segment as the activities carried out
      in generating the revenue are not independent of each other and are performed as one business. This mirrors the approach taken in
      management reporting.
      International Insurance
      The segment consists of the underwriting of car and home insurance and the generation of revenue from additional products and fees
      from underwriting car insurance outside of the UK. It specifically covers the Group operations Admiral Seguros in Spain, ConTe in Italy,
      L’olivier Assurance in France and Elephant Auto in the US. None of these operations are reportable on an individual basis, based on the
      threshold requirements in IFRS 8.
      Admiral Money
      The segment relates to the Admiral Money business launched in 2017, which provides unsecured personal loans and car finance products
      in the UK, primarily through the comparison channel.
      Other
      The ‘Other’ segment is designed to be comprised of all other operating segments that are not separately reported to the Group’s Board
      of Directors and do not meet the threshold requirements for individual reporting. It includes compare.com and Admiral Pioneer.
      Discontinued operations – 2021 Financial Year
      As set out in note 13 to the financial statements, on 29 December 2020 the Group announced its planned sale of the majority of its
      comparison businesses. The sale was completed on 30 April 2021. The comparison operations are presented as discontinued operations
      in 2021. The results for 2021 are reflective of the profit on disposal and four months of trading prior to disposal.
      The segment relates to the comparison businesses disposed of including: Confused.com in the UK, Rastreator in Spain, LeLynx in France,
      and Preminen entities.
      Taxes are not allocated across the segments and, as with the corporate activities, are included in the reconciliation to the consolidated
      income statement and consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 239




                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



An analysis of the Group’s revenue and results for the year ended 31 December 2022, by reportable segment, is shown below.



                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
The accounting policies of the reportable segments are materially consistent with those presented in the notes to the financial
statements for the Group.
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                       UK International         Admiral
                                                                 Insurance    Insurance          Money         Other Eliminations*4      Total
                                                                       £m           £m             £m            £m            £m          £m
Turnover*1                                                       2,784.3        795.9            59.0          41.7          (0.3)    3,680.6




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Net insurance premium revenue                                       628.8        251.7               –          30.5             –      911.0
Other Revenue and profit commission                                 440.8         40.1             0.3            8.8         (0.3)     489.7
Net interest income                                                     –            –            44.6              –          1.5       46.1
Investment return*2                                                  35.0          2.3               –          (0.1)         (2.2)      35.0
Net revenue                                                       1,104.6        294.1            44.9          39.2          (1.0)   1,481.8
Net insurance claims                                               (260.4)      (227.3)              –         (18.4)            –     (506.1)
Expenses                                                           (228.3)      (120.6)          (42.8)        (40.0)          0.3     (431.4)




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
Segment profit/(loss) before tax                                   615.9         (53.8)            2.1        (19.2)         (0.7)      544.3
Other central revenue and expenses, including share scheme
charges                                                                                                                                (75.3)
Investment and interest income                                                                                                          11.4
Finance costs*3                                                                                                                        (11.4)
Consolidated profit before tax                                                                                                         469.0
Taxation expense                                                                                                                       (97.2)
Consolidated profit after tax                                                                                                          371.8




                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
Other segment items:
– Intangible and tangible asset additions                           122.2         44.7             2.3         13.6              –     182.8
– Depreciation and amortisation                                      63.9         50.4             1.0          7.6              –     122.9




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
240   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      4. Operating segments continued
      Revenue and results for the corresponding reportable segments for the year ended 31 December 2021 are shown below.
                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                        UK      International           Admiral                        Discontinued                                Total
                                                                  Insurance         Insurance            Money               Other      operations*6 Eliminations*4         (continuing)               Total
                                                                        £m                £m               £m                  £m               £m             £m                    £m                 £m
      Turnover*1                                                  2,751.7              690.3               37.6              27.9              67.2                (7.8)        3,507.3           3,566.9
      Net insurance premium revenue                                 612.6              230.0                  –              12.4                 –                   –           855.0             855.0
      Other Revenue and profit
      commission                                                    577.8              34.6                 1.0               6.1              67.2                (7.8)          619.3             678.9
      Net interest income                                               –                 –                27.8                 –                 –                 2.7            30.5              30.5
      Investment return*2                                            40.8               0.5                   –                 –                 –                (2.7)           38.6              38.6
      Net revenue                                                 1,231.2             265.1                28.8              18.5              67.2                (7.8)        1,543.4           1,603.0
      Net insurance claims                                         (144.5)           (176.2)                  –             (11.6)                –                   –          (332.3)           (332.3)
      Expenses                                                     (246.7)           (100.5)              (34.3)            (20.6)            (55.5)                7.8          (401.9)           (449.8)
      Gain on disposal                                                  –                 –                   –                 –             404.4                   –               –             404.4
      Segment profit/(loss) before tax                              840.0             (11.6)               (5.5)            (13.7)            416.1                   –           809.2           1,225.3
      Other central revenue and expenses,
      including share scheme charges                                                                                                                                              (88.3)            (88.7)
      Investment and interest income                                                                                                                                                4.0               4.0
      Finance costs*3                                                                                                                                                             (11.4)            (11.4)
      Consolidated profit before tax *5                                                                                                                                           713.5           1,129.2
      Taxation expense                                                                                                                                                           (130.2)           (132.5)
      Consolidated profit after tax                                                                                                                                               583.3             996.7
      Other segment items:
      – Intangible and tangible asset
      additions                                                       94.8              47.6                 0.6               1.2                  –                 –           144.2              144.2
      – Depreciation and amortisation                                 65.5              44.5                 0.7               0.2                  –                 –           110.9              110.9
      *1 Turnover is an Alternative Performance Measure presented before intra-group eliminations and consists of total premiums written (including co-insurers’ share) and Other revenue. Refer to the
         glossary and note 14 for further information
      *2 Investment return is reported net of impairment on financial assets, in line with management reporting
      *3 £0.5 million (2021: £0.6 million) of IFRS 16 interest expense (being the Group’s net share of IFRS 16 interest expense) included within Finance Costs in the income statement has been reallocated
         to individual segments within expenses, in line with management segmental reporting
      *4 Eliminations are in respect of the intra-group trading between the Group’s comparison and UK and International insurance entities and intra-group interest. Of the £0.3 million (2021: £7.8 million)
         elimination of other revenue and profit commission, £nil (2021: £7.6 million) relates to discontinued operations, with the remaining £0.3 million (2021: £0.2 million) relating to compare.com.
         £1.5 million (2021: £2.7 million) of intra-group interest charges related to the UK Insurance and Admiral Money segment and £0.7 million (2021: £nil) related to UK Insurance and central finance
         costs have also been eliminated on consolidation
      *5 Profit before tax for the year ended 31 December 2021 above of £1,129.2 million includes profit before tax from continuing operations (£713.5 million) and discontinued operations
         (£415.7 million, including £0.4 million of central expenses)
      *6 See note 13 for further detail on discontinued operations



      Segment revenues
      The UK and International insurance reportable segments derive all insurance premium income from external policyholders.
      Revenue within these segments is not derived from an individual policyholder that represents 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.
      Revenues from external customers for products and services are consistent with the split of reportable segment revenues.
      Information about geographical locations
      All material revenues from external customers, and net assets attributed to a foreign country, are shown within the International
      insurance reportable segment shown on the previous pages.




                                                                                                                                      Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                      241




                                                                                                                                                      Company Overview



Segment assets and liabilities


                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
The identifiable segment assets and liabilities at 31 December 2022 are as follows:
                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2022
                                                                           UK International         Admiral
                                                                     Insurance    Insurance          Money          Other   Elimination       Total
                                                                           £m           £m             £m             £m            £m          £m
Reportable segment assets                                            6,908.0        1,313.8          929.2        285.3         (693.4)    8,742.9




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Reportable segment liabilities                                       5,884.7        1,150.3          902.1        500.1         (683.5)    7,753.7
Reportable segment net assets                                       1,023.3          163.5            27.1       (214.8)          (9.9)      989.2
Unallocated assets and liabilities                                                                                                           (33.8)
Consolidated net assets                                                                                                                      955.4
Unallocated assets and liabilities consist of other central assets and liabilities, plus deferred and current corporation tax balances.
These assets and liabilities are not regularly reviewed by the Board of Directors in the reportable segment format.
Eliminations represent inter-segment funding, balances included in insurance and other receivables and deemed loan receivables in
respect of securitised loan receivables.




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
The segment assets and liabilities at 31 December 2021 are as follows:
                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2021
                                                                           UK    International      Admiral
                                                                     Insurance       Insurance       Money          Other   Eliminations      Total
                                                                           £m              £m          £m             £m             £m        £m
Reportable segment assets                                            6,428.8        1,059.0          762.2         150.8        (635.0)    7,765.8
Reportable segment liabilities                                       5,342.8          934.8          629.4         429.3        (589.5)    6,746.8
Reportable segment net assets                                        1,086.0          124.2          132.8        (278.5)        (45.5)    1,019.0




                                                                                                                                                      Additional Information
Unallocated assets and liabilities                                                                                                           389.5
Consolidated net assets                                                                                                                    1,408.5


5. Premium, claims and profit commissions
5a. Accounting policies
(i) Revenue – premiums
Premiums relating to insurance contracts are recognised as revenue, net of expected cancellations and insurance premium tax,
proportionally over the period of cover. Premiums with an inception date after the end of the period are held in the statement of
financial position as deferred revenue. Outstanding collections from policyholders related to unexpired risk are recognised within
policyholder receivables. A corresponding unearned premium provision is recognised (see note 5a(iii)).
(ii) Revenue – profit commission
Some of the co-insurance and reinsurance contracts under which motor premiums are shared or ceded, profit commission may be earned
on a particular year of account, which is usually subject to performance criteria such as loss ratios and expense ratios. The commission is
dependent on the ultimate outcome of any year, with revenue being recognised when loss and expense ratios used in the preparation of
the financial statements move below a contractual threshold.
Profit commission receivable from reinsurance contracts is accounted for in line with IFRS 4, whereas profit commission receivable from
co-insurance contracts with third parties is in line with IFRS 15. Further detail of the policy under IFRS 15 is set out in note 8.
(iii) Insurance contracts and reinsurance assets
Premiums
The proportion of premium receivable on in-force policies relating to unexpired risks is reported in insurance contract liabilities and
reinsurance assets as the unearned premium provision – gross and reinsurers’ share respectively.
Claims
Claims and claims handling expenses are charged as incurred, based on the estimated direct and indirect costs of settling all liabilities
arising on events occurring up to the balance sheet date.
The provision for claims outstanding comprises provisions for the estimated cost of settling all claims incurred but unpaid at the balance
sheet date, whether reported or not. Anticipated reinsurance recoveries are disclosed separately as assets.
Whilst the Directors consider that the gross provisions for claims and the related reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the basis
of the information currently available to them, the ultimate liability will vary as a result of subsequent information and events and may
result in significant adjustments to the amounts provided.


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
242   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      5. Premium, claims and profit commissions continued
      Adjustments to the amounts of claims provisions established in prior years are reflected in the income statement for the period in which
      the adjustments are made and disclosed separately if material. The methods used, and the estimates made, are reviewed regularly.
      A provision for unexpired risk is made where necessary for the estimated amount required over and above unearned premiums (net of
      deferred acquisition costs) to meet future claims and related expenses.
      Co-insurance
      The Group has entered into certain co-insurance contracts with external parties under which insurance risks are shared on a proportional
      basis, with the co-insurer taking a specific percentage of premium written and being responsible for the same proportion of each claim.
      The co-insurer therefore takes direct insurance risk from the policyholder and is directly responsible to the claimant for its proportion of
      the claim. As the contractual liability is several and not joint, neither the premiums nor claims relating to the co-insurance agreements
      with external parties are included in the income statement. Under the terms of these agreements, the co-insurers reimburse the Group
      for the same proportionate share of the costs of acquiring and administering the business.
      Reinsurance assets
      Contracts entered into by the Group with reinsurers under which the Group is compensated for losses on the insurance contracts issued
      by the Group are classified as reinsurance contracts. A contract is only accounted for as a reinsurance contract where there is significant
      insurance risk transfer between the insured and the insurer.
      Reinsurance assets are comprised of balances due from reinsurance companies for ceded insurance liabilities. Amounts recoverable from
      reinsurers are estimated in a consistent manner with the outstanding claims provisions or settled claims associated with the reinsured
      policies and in accordance with the relevant reinsurance contract.
      The Group assesses its reinsurance assets for impairment on a regular basis, and in detail every six months. If there is objective evidence
      that the asset is impaired, then the carrying value will be written down to its recoverable amount.
      On commutation of reinsurance contracts, the reinsurer is discharged from all obligations relating to the contract. Reinsurance assets and
      liabilities relating to the commuted contracts are settled in the period in which the commutation agreement is signed.
      5b. Net insurance premium revenue
                                                                                                                                                                    31 December   31 December
                                                                                                                                                                           2022          2021
                                                                                                                                                                             £m           £m
      Total insurance premiums including co-insurers’ share*1                                                                                                          3,243.1       3,098.7
      Group gross premiums written excluding co-insurance                                                                                                              2,849.7       2,513.6
      Outwards reinsurance premiums                                                                                                                                   (1,922.4)     (1,643.0)
      Net insurance premiums written                                                                                                                                     927.3         870.6
      Change in gross unearned premium provision                                                                                                                        (144.3)        (21.3)
      Change in reinsurers’ share of unearned premium provision                                                                                                          128.0           5.7
      Net insurance premium revenue                                                                                                                                      911.0         855.0
      *1 Alternative Performance Measures – refer to the end of the report for definition and explanation, and to note 14a for reconciliation to Group gross premiums written

      The Group’s share of its insurance business was underwritten by Admiral Insurance (Gibraltar) Limited, Admiral Insurance Company
      Limited, Admiral Europe Compania Seguros (‘AECS’) and Elephant Insurance Company. The vast majority of contracts are short term in
      duration, lasting for between 6 and 12 months.




                                                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                    243




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



5c. Profit commission


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                                                                                                      2022                   2021
                                                                                                                                                                        £m                    £m
Underwriting year (UK Motor only)
2017 and prior                                                                                                                                                         54.4                 94.4
2018                                                                                                                                                                   35.8                 18.6




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
2019                                                                                                                                                                   31.5                 27.6
2020                                                                                                                                                                   48.5                150.0
2021                                                                                                                                                                      –                    –
2022                                                                                                                                                                      –                    –
Total UK Motor profit commission*1                                                                                                                                    170.2                290.6
Total UK Household and International profit commission*1                                                                                                                0.7                 13.9
Total profit commission                                                                                                                                               170.9                304.5




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
*1 From the total UK Motor profit commission of £170.2 million (2021: £290.6 million), £130.4 million (2021: £162.9 million) relates to co-insurance arrangements and £39.8 million
   (2021: £127.7 million) to reinsurance arrangements. The UK Household and International profit commission relates solely to reinsurance arrangements

Sensitivities of the recognition of profit commission to movements in the booked loss ratio are shown in note 5d (ii).
5d. Reinsurance assets and insurance contract liabilities
(i) Objectives, policies and procedures for the management of insurance risk
The Group’s primary business is the issuance of insurance contracts that transfer risk from policyholders to the Group and its co-
insurance partners.
Insurance risk involves uncertainty over the occurrence, amount or timing of claims arising on insurance contracts issued. It is primarily




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
comprised of reserve risk; the risk that the value of insurance liabilities established is insufficient to cover the ultimate cost of claims
incurred at the balance sheet date, and premium risk; the risk that the claims experience on business written but not earned is higher
than allowed for in the premiums charged to policyholders.
The Board of Directors is responsible for the management of insurance risk, although as mentioned in note 6, it has delegated the
detailed oversight of risk management to the Group Risk Committee.
The Group also has a Group Reserving Committee as well as local Reserving Committees which are comprised of senior managers within
the finance, claims, pricing and actuarial functions in the respective businesses. The Reserving Committees primarily recommends the
approach for insurance reserving but also reviews the systems and controls in place to support accurate reserving and considers material
reserving issues such as large bodily injury claims frequency and severity.
The Board implements certain policies to mitigate and control the level of insurance risk accepted by the Group. These include pricing
policies and claims management and administration processes, in addition to reserving policies and co- and reinsurance arrangements as
detailed below.
Reserve risk
Reserve risk is mitigated through a series of processes and controls. The key processes are as follows:
• Regular management and internal actuarial review of individual and aggregate case claim reserves, including regular reporting of
  management information and exception reporting of significant movements;
• Regular management and internal actuarial review of large claims, including claims settled or potentially settled by PPOs for which the
  uncertainty is increased by factors such as the lifetime of the claimant and movements in the indexation for the cost of future care of
  the claimant;
• Bi-annual external actuarial review of best estimate claims reserves using a variety of recognised actuarial technique;
• Internal actuarial analysis of reserve uncertainty through qualitative analysis, scenario testing and a range of stochastic
  reserving techniques;
• Ad hoc external reviews of reserving related processes and assumptions;
• Use of a reserving methodology which informs management’s reserving decisions for the purposes of the Group’s financial statements.
  As described in note 3, critical accounting judgements and estimates, the methodology determines that reserves should be set above
  projected best estimate outcomes to allow for unforeseen adverse claims development
As noted above, the Group shares a significant amount of the insurance business generated with external underwriters. As well as these
proportional arrangements, excess of loss reinsurance programmes are also purchased to protect the Group against very large individual
claims and catastrophe losses.


Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
244   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      5. Premium, claims and profit commissions continued
      Claims reserving
      Admiral’s reserving policy (both within the claims function and in the financial statements) is initially to reserve conservatively, above
      internal and independent projections of actuarial best estimates. This is designed to create a margin held in reserves to allow for
      unforeseen adverse development in open claims and typically results in Admiral making above industry average reserve releases.
      Admiral’s booked claims reserves continue to include a significant margin above projected best estimates of ultimate claims costs.
      The margin held above ultimate outcomes in the financial statement reserves remains both significant and prudent. In relative terms, it is
      lower than that held at the end of 2021, reflecting the crystallisation of some of the uncertainty previously held in the margin, in the best
      estimate reserves.
      As profit commission income is recognised in the income statement in line with loss ratios accounted for on Admiral’s own claims
      reserves, the reserving policy also results in profit commission income being deferred and recognised over time due to the application of
      constraint on variable consideration.
      Premium risk
      As noted above, the Group defines premium risk as the risk that claims cost on business written but not yet earned is higher than allowed
      for in the premiums charged to policyholders. This also includes catastrophe risk, the risk of incurring significant losses as a result of the
      occurrence of manmade catastrophe, or natural weather events.
      Key processes and controls operating to mitigate premium risk are as follows:
      • Experienced and focused senior management and teams in relevant business areas including pricing and claims management;
      • A data-driven and analytical approach to regular monitoring of claims and underwriting performance;
      • Observations of weather events trends to understand climate impacts on frequency and severity;
      • Capability to identify and resolve underperformance promptly through changes to key performance drivers, in particular pricing
      In addition, as mentioned above, excess of loss reinsurance programmes are also purchased to protect the Group against very large
      individual claims and catastrophe losses.
      Other elements of insurance risk include reinsurance risk, the risk of placement of ineffective reinsurance arrangements, or the economic
      risk of reduced availability of co-insurance and reinsurance arrangements in future periods.
      The Group mitigates these risks by ensuring that it has a diverse range of financially secure reinsurance partners, including a long-term
      relationship with Munich Re and a number of other large reinsurers.
      Concentration of insurance risk
      The Directors do not believe there are significant concentrations of insurance risk. This is because the risks are spread across a large
      number of policies and a wide regional base. The International Car insurance, UK Household, and UK Travel business further contribute to
      the diversification of the Group’s insurance risk.
      Information regarding reinsurance credit risk is provided in note 6j to the financial statements.
      (ii) Sensitivity of recognised amounts to changes in assumptions
      Underwriting year loss ratios – UK Car insurance
      The following table sets out the impact on equity and post-tax profit or loss at 31 December 2022 that would result from a 1%, 3%
      and 5% increase and decrease in the UK Car insurance loss ratios used for each underwriting year for which material amounts remain
      outstanding. This includes the impact on profit commission of the respective changes in booked loss ratios, which are also shown
      separately below.
                                                                                                            Underwriting year
      Total impact on income statement (including profit commission)                          2019             2020             2021               2022
      Booked loss ratio                                                                        67%             61%               89%          102%
      Impact of 1% deterioration in booked loss ratio (£m)                                    (15.5)          (16.4)              (3.7)         (1.9)
      Impact of 3% deterioration in booked loss ratio (£m)                                    (46.2)          (49.2)            (11.0)          (5.6)
      Impact of 5% deterioration in booked loss ratio (£m)                                    (76.4)          (82.0)            (18.3)          (9.3)
      Impact of 1% improvement in booked loss ratio (£m)                                       15.5            16.4                3.7           1.9
      Impact of 3% improvement in booked loss ratio (£m)                                       46.6            49.2              11.0            5.6
      Impact of 5% improvement in booked loss ratio (£m)                                       77.6            82.0              18.3            9.3

      As above, the impact is stated net of reinsurance and includes the change in net insurance claims along with the associated profit
      commission movements that result from changes in loss ratios. The figures are stated net of tax at the current rate.


                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                      245




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Company Overview



The following table sets out the impact on equity and post-tax profit or loss at 31 December 2022 that would result from a 1%, 3%



                                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
and 5% increase and decrease in the UK Car insurance loss ratios used for each underwriting year for which material amounts remain
outstanding, on profit commission only.
                                                                                                                                           Underwriting year
Impact on profit commission only                                                                                        2019                   2020                  2021                  2022
Booked loss ratio                                                                                                       67%                    61%                   89%                 102%
Impact of 1% deterioration in booked loss ratio (£m)                                                                     (5.6)                  (8.0)                  –                    –




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Impact of 3% deterioration in booked loss ratio (£m)                                                                   (16.5)                 (23.9)                   –                    –
Impact of 5% deterioration in booked loss ratio (£m)                                                                   (26.8)                 (39.8)                   –                    –
Impact of 1% improvement in booked loss ratio (£m)                                                                        5.6                    8.0                   –                    –
Impact of 3% improvement in booked loss ratio (£m)                                                                      16.8                   23.9                    –                    –
Impact of 5% improvement in booked loss ratio (£m)                                                                      28.0                   39.8                    –                    –

Sensitivities to key assumptions in the best estimate reserves have not been presented, given the significant and prudent margin held
above best estimate reserves and the co- and reinsurance arrangements that are also considered when determining the net impact




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
on the income statement. The underwriting year sensitivities presented above are considered to provide relevant and transparent
information on the changes to key inputs to the financial statements. Sensitivities exclude any impact on climate given the assessment
of low short term risk.
(iii) Analysis of recognised amounts
                                                                                                                                                            31 December           31 December
                                                                                                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                                                                                                                     £m                   £m
Gross
Claims outstanding*1                                                                                                                                            3,456.1                3,045.0




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional Information
Unearned premium provision                                                                                                                                      1,336.4                1,170.0
Total gross insurance liabilities                                                                                                                               4,792.5                4,215.0
Recoverable from reinsurers
Claims outstanding                                                                                                                                              1,807.5                1,415.7
Unearned premium provision                                                                                                                                        906.5                  760.4
Total reinsurers’ share of insurance liabilities                                                                                                                2,714.0                2,176.1
Net
Claims outstanding*2                                                                                                                                            1,648.6                1,629.3
Unearned premium provision                                                                                                                                        429.9                  409.6
Total insurance liabilities – net                                                                                                                               2,078.5                2,038.9
*1 Gross claims outstanding at 31 December 2022 is presented before the deduction of salvage and subrogation recoveries totalling £125.9 million (2021: £87.6 million)
*2 Admiral typically commutes quota share reinsurance contracts in its UK Car insurance business 36 months following the start of the underwriting year. After commutation, claims outstanding from
   these contracts are included in Admiral’s net claims outstanding balance. Refer to note (v) below




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
246   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      5. Premium, claims and profit commissions continued
      (iv) Analysis of claims incurred
      The following tables illustrate the development of gross and net UK insurance and International insurance claims incurred for the past
      ten financial periods, including the impact of re-estimation of claims provisions at the end of each financial year. The first table shows
      actual gross claims incurred and the second shows actual net claims incurred. Figures are presented on an underwriting year basis.
                                                                                        Financial year ended 31 December
      Analysis of claims           2013      2014      2015      2016      2017      2018      2019         2020           2021*1     2022        Total
      incurred (gross amounts)      £m        £m        £m        £m        £m        £m        £m           £m               £m        £m          £m
      Underwriting year
      (UK insurance)
      2013 and prior             (680.7)   (196.3)    181.3      56.2     125.3      92.9      33.7        30.0          31.7     15.1          (310.8)
      2014                            –    (438.2)   (347.1)     25.6      17.1      52.0      15.7        22.5          19.0     13.6          (619.8)
      2015                            –         –    (428.4)   (411.2)     21.7      53.3      58.0        34.0          25.8     18.9          (627.9)
      2016                            –         –         –    (529.4)   (463.7)     82.1      54.8        46.1          50.3     41.0          (718.8)
      2017                            –         –         –         –    (691.8)   (615.0)    123.1        79.5          82.5     37.5          (984.2)
      2018                            –         –         –         –         –    (818.8)   (546.9)       52.8          80.3    104.3        (1,128.3)
      2019                            –         –         –         –         –         –    (812.4)     (476.2)         89.8     71.1        (1,127.7)
      2020                            –         –         –         –         –         –         –      (697.4)       (519.5)    95.2        (1,121.7)
      2021                            –         –         –         –         –         –         –           –        (864.5) (749.6)        (1,614.1)
      2022                            –         –         –         –         –         –         –           –             – (1,089.0)       (1,089.0)
      UK insurance gross
      claims incurred            (680.7)   (634.5)   (594.2)   (858.8)   (991.4) (1,153.5) (1,074.0)     (908.7)     (1,004.6) (1,441.9)      (9,342.3)
      Underwriting year
      (International
      insurance)
      2013 and prior             (120.8)    (46.3)     11.2      18.3       7.7      10.6       4.4        (0.2)          0.8          0.2     (114.1)
      2014                            –     (85.2)    (65.5)      4.4       5.8       5.5       2.0        (0.4)          0.5         (0.3)    (133.2)
      2015                            –         –     (92.6)   (101.6)      7.7       3.1       0.1        (0.1)          0.1          0.1     (183.2)
      2016                            –         –         –    (138.9)   (125.3)     11.7       6.9         3.6           1.4          0.9     (239.7)
      2017                            –         –         –         –    (174.1)   (147.3)     16.5         8.6           5.0         (0.4)    (291.7)
      2018                            –         –         –         –         –    (204.9)   (165.7)       20.1           6.2          2.8     (341.5)
      2019                            –         –         –         –         –         –    (293.8)     (141.2)         13.3          9.1     (412.6)
      2020                            –         –         –         –         –         –         –      (233.6)       (160.6)        19.6     (374.6)
      2021                            –         –         –         –         –         –         –           –        (284.5)      (225.5)    (510.0)
      2022                            –         –         –         –         –         –         –           –             –       (353.6)    (353.6)
      International
      insurance gross
      claims incurred            (120.8)   (131.5)   (146.9)   (217.8)   (278.2)   (321.3)   (429.6)     (343.2)      (417.8)       (547.1)   (2,954.2)
      Other gross claims
      incurred                     (2.2)     (7.1)     (5.4)     (0.1)     (3.6)     (1.1)         –           –           (18.4)    (16.6)      (54.5)
      Claims handling
      costs                       (22.9)    (21.4)    (22.6)    (27.1)    (35.5)    (37.9)    (64.5)      (66.7)           (66.0)    (75.8)    (440.4)
      Total gross claims
      incurred                   (826.6)   (794.5)   (769.1) (1,103.8) (1,308.7) (1,513.8) (1,568.1) (1,318.6)      (1,506.8) (2,081.4) (12,791.4)




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                         247




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Company Overview




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
                                                                                                                       Financial year ended 31 December
Analysis of claims incurred               2013           2014          2015            2016          2017           2018           2019           2020          20211            2022            Total
(net amounts)                              £m             £m            £m              £m            £m             £m             £m             £m             £m               £m              £m
Underwriting year
(UK insurance)
2013 and prior                        (242.3)          (5.8)         165.2           91.1          133.1           85.2          26.5           25.3           29.4           14.2           321.9
2014                                       –         (187.0)        (144.1)         (16.4)          25.3           38.4          17.2           18.6           13.6           11.3          (223.1)




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
2015                                       –              –         (182.1)        (162.0)          (2.6)          42.6          48.2           26.1           27.8           15.0          (187.0)
2016                                       –              –              –         (219.4)        (180.7)          48.1          50.7           46.6           41.8           33.5          (179.4)
2017                                       –              –              –              –         (214.3)        (182.9)         77.8           67.1           72.6           35.0          (144.7)
2018                                       –              –              –              –              –         (261.0)       (165.2)          40.6           62.3           98.0          (225.3)
2019                                       –              –              –              –              –              –        (258.1)        (142.5)          56.9           53.5          (290.2)
2020                                       –              –              –              –              –              –             –         (218.5)        (157.8)          52.5          (323.8)
2021                                       –              –              –              –              –              –             –              –         (277.2)        (231.0)         (508.2)
2022                                       –              –              –              –              –              –             –              –              –         (327.9)         (327.9)




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
UK insurance net
claims incurred                       (242.3)        (192.8)        (187.0)        (306.7)        (239.2)       (229.6)        (202.9)        (136.7)        (130.6)        (245.9) (2,087.7)
Underwriting year
(International
insurance)
2013 and prior                          (49.1)         (18.9)           5.1             9.2          3.1            5.3            2.1              –           0.3            0.2           (42.7)
2014                                        –          (31.6)         (23.3)            1.8          1.8            2.2            0.8           (0.1)          0.2           (0.1)          (48.3)
2015                                        –              –          (33.4)          (39.6)         5.1            1.3            1.3              –           0.1              –           (65.2)




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional Information
2016                                        –              –              –           (47.9)       (43.5)           6.3            2.4            1.5           0.6            0.3           (80.3)
2017                                        –              –              –               –        (60.7)         (51.5)           5.5            3.2           2.3            0.1          (101.1)
2018                                        –              –              –               –            –          (71.2)         (58.4)           7.8           2.7            0.9          (118.2)
2019                                        –              –              –               –            –              –          (89.6)         (50.1)          4.9            2.2          (132.6)
2020                                        –              –              –               –            –              –              –          (95.4)        (64.0)           5.3          (154.1)
2021                                        –              –              –               –            –              –              –              –        (114.3)         (88.0)         (202.3)
2022                                        –              –              –               –            –              –              –              –             –         (133.9)         (133.9)
International
insurance net
claims incurred                         (49.1)         (50.5)         (51.6)          (76.5)       (94.2)       (107.6)        (135.9)        (133.1)        (167.2)        (213.0) (1,078.7)
Other net claims
incurred                                  (2.1)          (6.9)         (5.4)           (0.2)        (2.6)          (1.1)             –              –          (11.6)         (18.0)         (47.9)
Claims handling costs                     (9.5)          (8.9)         (9.4)          (11.2)       (11.1)         (11.8)         (20.5)         (23.4)         (22.9)         (29.2)        (157.9)
Total net claims
incurred                              (303.0)        (259.1)        (227.4)        (394.6)       (347.1)        (350.1)        (359.3)        (293.2)        (332.3)        (506.1) (3,372.2)
*1 Financial Year 2021 has been restated to disclose gross claims and net claims incurred in relation to the other segment and net claims in relation to a reclassification between UK insurance and
   International insurance

The table below shows the development of UK Car insurance loss ratios for the past six financial periods, presented on an underwriting
year basis.
                                                                                                               Financial year ended 31 December
UK Car insurance loss ratio development                                        2017                  2018                   2019                   2020                   2021                  2022
Underwriting year (UK Car only)
2017                                                                          87%                   83%                    75%                    70%                    65%                  62%
2018                                                                            –                   92%                    81%                    78%                    73%                  67%
2019                                                                            –                     –                    92%                    76%                    72%                  67%
2020                                                                            –                     –                      –                    72%                    66%                  61%
2021                                                                            –                     –                      –                      –                    90%                  89%
2022                                                                            –                     –                      –                      –                      –                 102%




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
248   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      5. Premium, claims and profit commissions continued
      (v) Analysis of claims reserve releases
      The following table analyses the impact of movements in prior year claims provisions on a gross and net basis. Figures are presented on
      an underwriting year basis.
                                                                                   Financial year ended 31 December
                                                            2017           2018             2019               2020        2021           2022
      Gross                                                  £m             £m               £m                 £m          £m              £m
      Underwriting year (UK Motor insurance)
      2017 and prior                                      214.0           270.5           252.4              186.0        187.5          109.4
      2018                                                    –               –            83.2               57.3         64.1          100.3
      2019                                                    –               –               –               54.8         76.2           70.6
      2020                                                    –               –               –                  –         52.9           87.5
      2021                                                    –               –               –                  –            –           13.8
      Total gross release (UK Motor insurance)            214.0           270.5           335.6              298.1        380.7          381.6
      Total gross release (UK Household insurance)          1.6             4.6             8.3                9.2          6.0            3.6
      Total gross release (UK Travel insurance)               –               –               –                  –          2.2            0.4
      Total gross release (International insurance)        23.2            35.2            39.1               53.2         52.0           46.1
      Total gross release (Other insurance)                   –               –               –                  –            –            5.6
      Total gross release                                 238.8           310.3           383.0              360.5        440.9          437.3
                                                                                  Financial year ended 31 December
                                                            2017           2018             2019               2020        2021           2022
      Net                                                    £m             £m               £m                 £m          £m              £m
      Underwriting year (UK Motor insurance)
      2017 and prior                                      165.9           221.0           217.6              183.9        184.9          108.2
      2018                                                    –               –            25.8               40.7         61.9           97.2
      2019                                                    –               –               –               17.0         54.6           52.7
      2020                                                    –               –               –                  –         15.9           51.4
      2021                                                    –               –               –                  –            –            3.6
      Total net release (UK Motor insurance)              165.9           221.0           243.4              241.6        317.3          313.1
      Total net release (UK Household insurance)            0.5             1.4             2.5                2.8          2.5            1.6
      Total net release (UK Travel insurance)                 –               –               –                  –          2.2            0.4
      Total net release (International insurance)           9.5            13.5            14.4               18.6         16.4           15.8
      Total net release (Other insurance)                     –               –               –                  –            –            3.3
      Total net release                                   175.9           235.9           260.3              263.0        338.4          334.2
      Analysis of net releases on UK
      Motor insurance:
      – Releases on original Admiral net share
         (UK Motor)                                        92.1           111.4           121.7              104.3        128.1          124.0
      – Releases on commuted quota share
         reinsurance contracts (UK Motor)                  73.8           109.6           121.7              137.3        189.2          189.1
      Total UK Motor net release as above                 165.9           221.0           243.4              241.6        317.3          313.1




                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                        249




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Company Overview



Admiral typically commutes quota share reinsurance contracts in its UK Car insurance business 36 months following the start of the



                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
underwriting year. After commutation, any changes in claims costs on the commuted proportion of the business are reflected within
claims costs and are separately analysed here. Releases on the share of business originally reinsured but since commuted are analysed by
underwriting year as follows:
                                                                                                              Financial year ended 31 December
                                                                              2017                   2018                   2019                  2020                   2021                   2022
                                                                               £m                     £m                     £m                    £m                     £m                      £m




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Underwriting year
2017 and prior                                                                73.8                109.6                  121.7                  113.9                  116.4                   66.0
2018                                                                             –                    –                      –                   23.4                   43.5                   66.5
2019                                                                             –                    –                      –                      –                   29.3                   31.4
2020                                                                             –                    –                      –                      –                      –                   25.2
Total releases on commuted quota share
reinsurance contracts (UK Motor)                                              73.8                109.6                  121.7                  137.3                  189.2                 189.1

Profit commission is analysed in note 5c.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
(vi) Reconciliation of movement in claims outstanding
                                                                                                                                                          31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                  Gross          Reinsurance                     Net
                                                                                                                                                    £m                   £m                      £m
Claims outstanding at start of period                                                                                                        3,045.0               (1,415.7)               1,629.3
Claims incurred (excluding claims handling costs and releases)                                                                               2,443.0               (1,631.9)                 811.1
Reserve releases                                                                                                                             (437.3)                  103.1                 (334.2)




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional Information
Movement in claims outstanding due to commutation                                                                                                  –                  194.1                  194.1
Claims paid and other movements*1                                                                                                           (1,594.6)                 942.9                 (651.7)
Claims outstanding at end of period                                                                                                         3,456.1               (1,807.5)               1,648.6
                                                                                                                                                          31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                                  Gross          Reinsurance                      Net
                                                                                                                                                    £m                   £m                       £m
Claims outstanding at start of period                                                                                                        2,919.9               (1,319.3)               1,600.6
Claims incurred (excluding claims handling costs and releases)                                                                               1,881.8               (1,234.0)                 647.8
Reserve releases                                                                                                                              (440.9)                 102.5                 (338.4)
Movement in claims outstanding due to commutation                                                                                                  –                  318.4                  318.4
Claims paid and other movements*1                                                                                                           (1,315.8)                 716.7                 (599.1)
Claims outstanding at end of period                                                                                                          3,045.0               (1,415.7)               1,629.3
*1 Claims and other movements includes foreign exchange impacts of £33.9 million adverse (2021: £3.8 million adverse) on a gross basis, £28.3 million gain (2021: £3.4 million gain) on a reinsurance
   basis resulting in a £5.6 million adverse (2021: £0.4 million) impact on a net basis

(vii) Reconciliation of movement in net unearned premium provision
                                                                                                                                                          31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                  Gross          Reinsurance                     Net
                                                                                                                                                    £m                   £m                      £m
Unearned premium provision at start of period                                                                                                 1,170.0                (760.4)                  409.6
Written in the period                                                                                                                         2,849.7              (1,922.4)                  927.3
Earned in the period                                                                                                                         (2,705.4)              1,794.4                  (911.0)
Translation differences                                                                                                                          22.1                 (18.1)                    4.0
Unearned premium provision at end of period                                                                                                  1,336.4                (906.5)                  429.9
                                                                                                                                                          31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                                  Gross          Reinsurance                      Net
                                                                                                                                                    £m                   £m                       £m
Unearned premium provision at start of period                                                                                                 1,161.4                (763.9)                  397.5
Written in the period                                                                                                                         2,513.6              (1,643.0)                  870.6
Earned in the period                                                                                                                         (2,492.3)              1,637.3                  (855.0)
Translation differences                                                                                                                         (12.7)                  9.2                    (3.5)
Unearned premium provision at end of period                                                                                                   1,170.0                (760.4)                  409.6

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
250   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      6. Investment income and costs
      6a. Accounting policies
      i) Financial assets
      Classification and measurement
      The classification and subsequent measurement of the financial asset under IFRS 9 depends on:
      a. the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets; and
      b. the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.
      Based on these factors, the financial asset is classified into one of the following categories:
      • Amortised cost – assets which are held in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset give
        rise to cash flows which are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (SPPI), where the asset is
        not designated as fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
      For the Group, these include deposits with credit institutions, cash and cash equivalents, insurance receivables, trade and other
      receivables and loans and advances to customers.
      The interest income generated from these assets is included in investment returns, with the exception of loans and advances to
      customers, where the interest receivable is recognised in interest income.
      Impairment is recognised on these assets using the expected credit loss model.
      • Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) – assets which are held both to collect contractual cash flows and to sell the
        asset, where the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise to cash flows which are solely payments of principal and interest on
        the principal amount outstanding (SPPI), where the asset is not designated as FVTPL
      For the Group, these assets include corporate, government and private debt securities.
      In addition, IFRS 9 allows an irrevocable election at initial recognition to designate equity investments at FVOCI that otherwise would be
      held at FVTPL, provided these are not held for trading. The Group has made this election for certain equity investments.
      Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, with the exception of recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest
      revenue and foreign exchange gains or losses which are recognised in profit or loss.
      • Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) – assets which do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI, or which are designated
        as FVTPL
      For the Group these assets include liquidity funds investing in short duration assets, other funds and derivative financial instruments.
      A gain or loss on disposal of an investment measured at FVOCI is presented within investment return in the period in which it arises.
      Impairment
      The expected credit loss model is used to calculate any impairment to be recognised for all assets measured at amortised cost, as well as
      financial investments measured at FVOCI. The general approach, which utilises the three-stage model, is used for Loans and advances to
      customers (see note 7) whilst impairment for the remaining assets is measured using the simplified approach.
      Derecognition
      A financial asset is derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from that asset have expired, or when the Group transfers the
      asset and all the attached substantial risks and rewards relating to the asset to a third party.
      ii) Financial liabilities
      Classification and subsequent measurement
      All financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, except for
      derivatives that are classified at fair value through profit or loss and subsequently measured at fair value.
      Movements in the amortised cost are recognised through the income statement.
      Derecognition
      A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under that liability is discharged, cancelled or expires.




                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                 251




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



iii) Investment return and finance costs


                                                                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
Investment return from financial assets comprises distributions as well as net realised and unrealised gains on financial assets classified as
FVTPL, interest income and net realised gains from financial assets classified as FVOCI, and interest income from financial assets classified
as amortised cost.
Finance costs from financial liabilities comprise interest expense on subordinated notes, loan backed securities, credit facilities and
lease liabilities, calculated using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate method calculates the amortised cost
of a financial asset or liability (or group of financial assets or financial liabilities) and allocates the interest income or expense over the




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
expected life of the asset or liability.
6b. Investment return
                                                                                          31 December 2022                                                    31 December 2021
                                                                                                 £m                                                                  £m
                                                                                At EIR                    Other               Total                  At EIR              Other          Total
Investment return
On assets classified as FVTPL                                                       –                       8.4               8.4                       –                 3.6            3.6
On assets classified as FVOCI*1*3                                                50.3                       2.3              52.6                    40.0                 2.3           42.3




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
On assets classified as amortised costs*1                                         2.0                         –               2.0                     0.6                   –            0.6
Net unrealised losses
Unrealised gains on forward contracts                                                 –                     0.5                0.5                        –                 –              –
Share of associate profit/ loss                                                       –                    (0.1)              (0.1)                       –                 –              –
Accrual for reinsurers’ share of investment
return                                                                                –                   (20.0)            (20.0)                        –               (1.6)          (1.6)
Interest receivable on cash and cash
equivalents*1                                                                      –                       1.2                1.2                       –                 0.3            0.3




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
Total investment and interest income *2                                         52.3                      (7.7)              44.6                    40.6                 4.6           45.2
*1 Interest received during the year was £58.7 million (2021: £46.6 million)
*2 Total investment return excludes £2.2 million of intra-group interest (2021: £2.7 million)
*3 Realised gains on sales of debt securities classified as FVOCI are £2.2 million (2021: £2.3 million)

6c. Finance costs
                                                                                                                                                                   31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                                                                          2022           2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                                                                       £m            £m
Interest payable on subordinated loan notes and other credit facilities*1*2                                                                                              11.4           11.4
Interest payable on lease liabilities                                                                                                                                     2.0            2.3
Interest recoverable from co- and reinsurers                                                                                                                             (1.5)          (1.8)
Total finance costs on continuing operations                                                                                                                             11.9           11.9
*1 Interest paid during the year was £13.4 million (2021: £14.1 million)
*2 See note 7e for details of credit facilities

Finance costs represent interest payable on the £200.0 million (2021: £200.0 million) subordinated notes and other financial liabilities.
Interest payable on lease liabilities represents the unwinding of the discount on lease liabilities under IFRS 16 and does not result in a
cash payment.
6d. Expected credit losses
                                                                                                                                                                   31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                                                                          2022           2021
                                                                                                                                                                            £m            £m
Expected credit losses/(gains) on financial investments                                                                                                 6f               (1.8)           2.6
Expected credit losses on Loans and advances to customers*1                                                                                             7b               20.7           10.7
Total expense for expected credit losses                                                                                                                                 18.9           13.3
*1 Includes £7.2 million (2021: £2.5 million) of write-offs, with total movement in the expected credit loss provision being £20.7 million (2021: £10.7 million)

See note 6f and note 7b for details of the impairment methodology.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
252   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      6. Investment income and costs continued
      6e. Financial assets and liabilities
      The Group’s financial assets and liabilities can be analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                        31 December             31 December
                                                                                                                                                                               2022                    2021
      Continuing operations                                                                                                                                                      £m                     £m
      Financial investments measured at FVTPL
      Money market funds                                                                                                                                                       706.5                   868.0
      Other funds                                                                                                                                                              188.8                   187.6
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                                          33.0                     5.2
      Equity Investments (designated FVTPL)                                                                                                                                      6.4                     2.2
      Investment in Associate                                                                                                                                                    2.4                       –
                                                                                                                                                                               937.1                 1,063.0
      Financial investments classified as FVOCI
      Corporate debt securities                                                                                                                                             1,701.2                  2,101.0
      Government debt securities                                                                                                                                              479.8                    348.5
      Private debt securities                                                                                                                                                 166.6                    125.5
                                                                                                                                                                            2,347.6                  2,575.0
      Equity investments (designated FVOCI)                                                                                                                                    25.1                     19.3
                                                                                                                                                                            2,372.7                  2,594.3
      Financial assets measured at amortised cost
      Deposits with credit institutions                                                                                                                                       101.4                     85.3
      Total financial investments                                                                                                                                           3,411.2                  3,742.6
      Other financial assets
      Insurance receivables                                                                                                                                                 1,009.5                    956.6
      Trade and other receivables (measured at amortised cost)                                                                                                                326.3                    251.9
      Insurance and other receivables                                                                                                                                       1,335.8                  1,208.5
      Loans and advances to customers (note 7)                                                                                                                                823.9                    556.8
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                               297.0                    372.7
      Total financial assets                                                                                                                                                5,867.9                  5,880.6
      Financial liabilities
      Subordinated notes                                                                                                                                                      204.4                    204.4
      Loan backed securities                                                                                                                                                  714.7                    446.5
      Other borrowings                                                                                                                                                         20.0                     20.0
      Subordinated and other financial liabilities                                                                                                                            939.1                    670.9
      Trade and other payables*1                                                                                                                                            2,158.0                  1,960.0
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                                        88.5                    105.3
      Total financial liabilities                                                                                                                                           3,185.6                  2,736.2
      *1 Trade and other payables total balance of £2,158.0 million (2021: £1,960.0 million) above includes £1,807.6 million (2021: £1,528.4 million) in relation to tax and social security, deferred income and
         reinsurer balances that are outside the scope of IFRS 9
      *2 Insurance receivables are treated under IFRS4




                                                                                                                                        Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                               253




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Company Overview



The maturity profile of financial assets and liabilities under the scope of IFRS 4 and 9 at 31 December 2022 is as follows:



                                                                                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                                                         Between
                                                                                                                        On demand                   < 1 year         1 and 2 years                > 2 years
                                                                                                                              £m                         £m                    £m                       £m
Financial investments
Money market funds and derivative financial instruments                                                                          –                  915.2                     8.8                    4.3
Deposits with credit institutions                                                                                                –                  101.4                       –                      –




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Debt securities                                                                                                               33.3                  398.1                   263.1                1,653.1
Total financial investments                                                                                                   33.3                1,414.7                   271.9                1,657.4
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                      –                1,335.8                       –                      –
Loans and advances to customers                                                                                                  –                  235.1                   237.3                  351.5
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    297.0                      –                       –                      –
Total financial assets                                                                                                       330.3                2,985.6                   509.2                2,008.9

Financial liabilities




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
Subordinated notes*2                                                                                                                –                11.0                   211.0                       –
Loan backed securities                                                                                                              –               241.0                   187.8                   285.8
Other borrowings                                                                                                                    –                20.0                       –                       –
Trade and other payables*1                                                                                                          –             1,864.1                       –                       –
Total financial liabilities                                                                                                         –             2,136.1                   398.8                   285.8
*1 Of the £1,864.1 million held within trade and other payables in the maturity table, £1,513.7 million do not meet the definition of a financial liability under IFRS 9 but fall within the scope of IFRS 4
   hence are included in the above maturity profile
*2 Maturity analysis has been performed on a cash-settled basis




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional Information
The maturity profile of financial assets and liabilities under the scope of IFRS 4 and 9 at 31 December 2021 was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                         Between
                                                                                                                        On demand                   < 1 year         1 and 2 years                > 2 years
                                                                                                                              £m                         £m                    £m                       £m
Financial investments
Money market funds and derivative financial instruments                                                                          –                1,057.9                     1.7                    1.1
Deposits with credit institutions                                                                                                –                   75.3                    10.0                      –
Debt securities                                                                                                                  –                  713.2                   362.4                1,499.2
Total financial investments                                                                                                      –                1,846.4                   374.1                1,500.3
Trade and other receivables                                                                                                      –                1,208.5                       –                      –
Loans and advances to customers                                                                                                  –                  171.3                   174.7                  210.8
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    372.7                      –                       –                      –
Total financial assets                                                                                                       372.7                3,226.2                   548.8                1,711.1

Financial liabilities
Subordinated notes*2                                                                                                                –                11.0                    11.0                   211.0
Loan backed securities                                                                                                              –               170.2                   126.7                   172.0
Other borrowings                                                                                                                    –                20.0                       –                       –
Trade and other payables*1                                                                                                          –             1,706.5                       –                       –
Total financial liabilities                                                                                                         –             1,907.7                   137.7                   383.0
*1 Of the £1,706.5 million held within trade and other payables in the maturity table, £1,274.9 million do not meet the definition of a financial liability under IFRS 9 but fall within the scope of IFRS 4
   hence are included in the above maturity profile
*2 Maturity analysis has been performed on a cash-settled basis




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
254   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      6. Investment income and costs continued
      The maturity profile of discounted gross insurance liabilities at the end of 2022 was as follows
                                                                                                                                                  < 1 year            1 –3 years              > 3years
                                                                                                                                                       £m                    £m                    £m
      Claims outstanding                                                                                                                         1,342.0                  886.3              1,227.8
      Unearned premium provision                                                                                                                 1,336.4                      –                    –
      Total gross insurance liabilities                                                                                                          2,678.4                  886.3              1,227.8

      The maturity profile of discounted gross insurance liabilities at the end of 2021 was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                  < 1 year            1 –3 years              > 3years
                                                                                                                                                       £m                    £m                    £m
      Claims outstanding                                                                                                                           909.9                  829.8              1,305.3
      Unearned premium provision                                                                                                                 1,170.0                      –                    –
      Total gross insurance liabilities                                                                                                          2,079.9                  829.8              1,305.3

      6f. Financial investments
                                                                                                                                                    31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                     Amortised
                                                                                                                              FVTPL                 FVOCI               Cost*2                    Total
                                                                                                                                £m                    £m                   £m                       £m
      AAA- AA                                                                                                               410.5                 922.8                   23.5              1,356.8
      A                                                                                                                     328.3                 847.3                  355.4              1,531.0
      BBB                                                                                                                    56.4                 410.2                   19.2                485.8
      Sub BBB                                                                                                                33.4                  43.4                      –                 76.8
      Not rated*1                                                                                                           106.1                 149.0                    0.3                255.4
      Total financial investments                                                                                           934.7               2,372.7                  398.4              3,705.8
      *1 £59.4 million of the unrated exposure stems from money market funds, which are rated AAA, but the underlying securities are not. The remaining unrated exposure is a mixture of private debt
          (£123.9 million) and other holdings (£71.8 million)
      *2 Investments held at amortised cost comprise deposits with credit institutions, and cash

                                                                                                                                                    31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                                                      Amortised
                                                                                                                              FVTPL                 FVOCI                Cost*2                   Total
                                                                                                                                £m                    £m                    £m                     £m
      AAA- AA                                                                                                               500.6                  906.9                   21.2              1,428.7
      A                                                                                                                     401.0                1,007.9                  426.2              1,835.1
      BBB                                                                                                                    42.6                  477.9                   10.6                531.1
      Sub BBB                                                                                                                22.0                   71.7                      –                 93.7
      Not rated*1                                                                                                            96.8                  129.9                      –                226.7
      Total financial investments                                                                                         1,063.0                2,594.3                  458.0              4,115.3
      *1 £72.3 million of the unrated exposure stems from money market funds, which are rated AAA, but the underlying securities are not. The remaining unrated exposure is a mixture of private debt
         (£127.5 million) and other holdings (£26.8 million)
      *2 Investments held at amortised cost comprise deposits with credit institutions, and cash

      Classification and measurement
      At initial recognition, the Group measures financial investments at fair value plus or minus, in the case of financial instruments not
      measured at fair value through profit and loss, directly attributable transaction costs. Transaction costs of financial instruments
      measured at fair value through profit and loss are expensed to the profit and loss when incurred.
      Money market funds and derivative financial instruments are measured at FVTPL. The regulatory capital within the Group is used to
      invest in these instruments in addition to any surplus funds which may be held. Buying and selling activity occurs depending on timing of
      different cash flows.
      Debt securities are measured at FVOCI and as such fall under the scope of the ECL model. These assets are held to match policyholder
      liabilities or interest on debt liabilities. If sold before maturity, gains or losses on these assets impact the P&L.
      Private Equity investments have been designated as being reported through FVOCI due to these being long term, strategic investments.
      Dividends are recognised in the income statement whilst a change in fair values will be reflected in OCI. Other funds are measured
      at FVTPL.



                                                                                                                                   Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                             255




                                                                                                                                                                             Company Overview



Impairment



                                                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
All financial investments held at FVOCI and at amortised cost have been assessed for impairment using the expected credit loss model
under IFRS 9. The assessment has been made based on the credit ratings of the entities and externally available credit loss ratios.
The calculated impairment loss within the fair value is recognised through the income statement whilst fair value movements are
recognised in other comprehensive income. Deposits are held with well rated institutions and are held at book value, with impairment
calculated in a similar manner to debt securities.
All assets which require a calculation of impairment, are considered based on an external credit rating agency or an assessment from




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Admiral’s external asset managers. The credit rating of all assets is regularly monitored. As at the year-end reporting date, the vast
majority of financial assets are of investment grade and considered low risk under IFRS 9. These therefore remain within stage 1 and a
12-month expected loss is used to calculate the impairment provision required.
Any assets downgraded to below BBB or any sub BBB asset that is downgraded by 1 full credit rating, are considered by the Group to have
significantly increased in credit risk, and therefore are stage 2 under IFRS 9.
The impairment provision at 31 December 2022 is £9.4 million (£11.3 million at 31 December 2021). Given there is no material change
in the credit quality or type of financial assets in the year and the movement in provision is immaterial, no further disclosure has




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
been made.
Fair value measurement
IFRS 13 requires assets and liabilities that are held at fair value to be classified according to a hierarchy which reflects the observability of
significant market inputs, based on three levels. The Group policy is to recognise transfer between fair value hierarchy levels as at the end
of the reporting period. There were no transfers between fair value hierarchy levels in the reporting period (2021: none).
The table below shows how the financial assets held at fair value have been measured using the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                                                                     31 December 2022           31 December 2021




                                                                                                                                                                             Additional Information
                                                                                                                       FVTPL            FVOCI     FVTPL              FVOCI
                                                                                                                         £m               £m        £m                 £m
Level one (quoted prices in active markets)                                                                           900.2         2,180.9     1,060.8            2,449.5
Level two (use of observable inputs)                                                                                   28.1               –           –                  –
Level three (use of significant unobservable inputs)                                                                   6.4*1          191.8        2.2*1             144.8
Total                                                                                                                 934.7         2,372.7     1,063.0            2,594.3
*1 Gains through the income statement are recognised within Investment return. See note 6b for further information

Fair value measurement using significant unobservable inputs (level three)
Level three investments consist of debt securities and equity investments. Debt securities are comprised primarily of investments in
debt funds which are valued at the proportion of the Group’s holding of the Net Asset Value (NAV) reported by the investment vehicle.
In addition, there is a small allocation of privately placed bonds which do not trade on active markets, these are valued using discounted
cash-flow models designed to appropriately reflect the credit and illiquidity of these instruments. The key unobservable input across
private debt securities is the discount rate which is based on the credit performance of the assets.
Equity securities are primarily comprised of investments in Private Equity and Infrastructure Equity funds, which are valued at the
proportion of the Group’s holding of the NAV reported by the investment vehicle. These are based on several unobservable inputs
including market multiples and cash flow forecasts.
There were no significant inter-relationships between unobservable inputs that materially affect fair values.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
256   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      6. Investment income and costs continued
      The table below presents the movement in the period relating to financial instruments valued using a level three valuation:
                                                                                                                                                                 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                            Equity Securities        Debt Securities                 Total
      Level Three Investments                                                                                                                             £m                     £m                    £m
      Balance as at 1 January 2022                                                                                                                        21.5               125.5              147.0
      Gains/(losses) recognised in IS                                                                                                                       1.8                 3.9               5.7
      Gains/(losses) recognised in OCI                                                                                                                      1.1                (9.6)             (8.5)
      Purchases                                                                                                                                             9.4                74.4              83.8
      Disposals                                                                                                                                            (2.5)              (27.6)            (30.1)
      Translation differences                                                                                                                               0.3                   –               0.3
      Balance as at 31 December 2022                                                                                                                      31.6               166.6              198.2


                                                                                                                                                                   31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                             Equity Securities        Debt Securities                Total
      Level Three Investments                                                                                                                             £m                     £m                   £m
      Balance as at 1 January 2021                                                                                                                        11.3                63.5               74.8
      Gains/(losses) recognised in IS                                                                                                                      0.2                 1.4                1.6
      Gains/(losses) recognised in OCI                                                                                                                     2.6                 1.5                4.1
      Purchases                                                                                                                                            8.5                80.9               89.4
      Disposals                                                                                                                                           (0.6)              (21.8)             (22.4)
      Translation differences                                                                                                                             (0.5)                  –               (0.5)
      Balance as at 31 December 2021                                                                                                                      21.5               125.5              147.0

      6g. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                                       31 December       31 December
                                                                                                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                                                                                                                £m               £m
      Cash at bank and in hand*1                                                                                                                                             297.0              372.7
      Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                        297.0              372.7
      *1 Cash at bank and in hand includes £36.6 million (2021: £37.6 million) related to special purpose entities which is not available for use by the Group

      Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term deposits with original maturities
      of three months or less. All cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost.
      An assessment has been completed for impairment purposes in line with that set out in note 6f above. Given the short-term duration of
      these assets and low risk of these assets, no impairment provision has been recognised.
      For cash at bank and cash deposits and other receivables, the fair value approximates to the book value due to their short maturity.
      6h. Other assets
      Insurance and other receivables
                                                                                                                                                                       31 December       31 December
                                                                                                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                                                                                                                £m               £m
      Insurance receivables*1                                                                                                                                             1,009.5               956.6
      Amounts owed by co- and reinsurers*2                                                                                                                                   48.4                   –
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                           236.6               221.5
      Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                                                                         41.3                30.4
      Total insurance and other receivables                                                                                                                               1,335.8             1,208.5
      *1 Insurance receivables include £125.9 million in respect of salvage and subrogation recoveries (2021: £87.6 million)
      *2 Amounts owed by co- and reinsurers include £44.6 million for amounts owed by reinsurers. The amount owed by reinsurers has been included within the credit rating analysis within note 6j




                                                                                                                                       Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 257




                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



Insurance receivables


                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
Insurance receivables are measured at historic cost. Given that non-repayment would result in a withdrawn policy and the short-term
duration of these assets no bad debt provision has been recognised.
Trade and other receivables
Classification. Trade and other receivables are measured at amortised cost, being made up of multiple types of receivable balances.
Impairment. Where a provision is required for these receivables, it is calculated in line with the simplified method for trade receivables




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
per IFRS 9, whereby lifetime expected credit losses are recognised irrelevant of the credit risk. In this case, the provision is based on a
combination of:
(i)   aged debtor analysis;
(ii) historic experience of write-offs for each receivable,
(iii) any specific indicators of credit deterioration observed, and
(iv) management judgement.
The level of provision is immaterial.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
The amortised cost carrying amount of receivables is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
Contract balances
The following table provides information about receivables and contract assets from contracts with customers. Both balances are
included in trade and other receivables.
                                                                                                                  31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                         2022             2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                      £m              £m
Receivables                                                                                                             20.0             16.8




                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
Contract assets                                                                                                         19.3             23.8

The contract asset relates to the Group’s right to consideration for work undertaken in the law companies on behalf of clients which is
ongoing or where the final fee has not yet been billed. The contract asset is transferred to trade receivables once the fee has been billed.
Significant changes in the contract asset balance during the period are as follows:
                                                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                                                         2022
Contract asset balance                                                                                                                     £m
At 1 January 2022                                                                                                                        23.8
Revenue recognised                                                                                                                       16.3
Transferred to trade receivables                                                                                                        (20.2)
Write-offs                                                                                                                               (0.6)
At 31 December 2022                                                                                                                      19.3

The amount of revenue recognised in 2022 from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods in relation to
the above contract balances is £nil (2021: £nil). See note 5c for details of profit commission recognised on previous underwriting years.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
258   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      6. Investment income and costs continued
      6i. Financial and lease liabilities
                                                                                                                                          31 December 2022
                                                                                                   Subordinated             Loan backed Other borrowings          Lease
                                                                                                          notes               securities  and derivatives     liabilities        Total
                                                                                                            £m                       £m               £m              £m           £m
      Financial liability at the start of the period                                                      204.4                   446.5             20.0        105.3          776.2
      Interest payable per income statement                                                                 11.0                   11.7               1.3          2.0          26.0
      Cash flows*1                                                                                         (11.0)                 256.5              (0.9)      (11.3)         233.3
      Other foreign exchange and non-cash movements                                                            –                      –              (0.4)        (7.5)         (7.9)
      Financial liability at the end of the period                                                        204.4                   714.7             20.0         88.5        1,027.6
      *1 Cash amounts relating to the interest proportion of the lease liability were £2.1 million in 2022 (2021: £2.7 million)



                                                                                                                                          31 December 2021
                                                                                                    Subordinated            Loan backed Other borrowings          Lease
                                                                                                           notes              securities  and derivatives     liabilities        Total
                                                                                                             £m                     £m                £m             £m           £m
      Financial liability at the start of the period                                                       204.3                  260.7              23.6       122.8          611.4
      Interest payable per income statement                                                                 11.1                    5.5               0.9         2.3           19.8
      Cash flows*1                                                                                         (11.0)                 180.3              (0.9)      (12.3)         156.1
      Other foreign exchange and non-cash movements                                                            –                      –              (3.6)       (7.5)         (11.1)
      Financial liability at the end of the period                                                         204.4                  446.5              20.0       105.3          776.2
      *1 Cash amounts relating to the interest proportion of the lease liability were £2.1 million in 2022 (2021: £2.7 million)

      Subordinated notes
      Financial liabilities are inclusive of £200.0 million subordinated notes issued on 25 July 2014 at a fixed rate of 5.5% with a redemption date
      of 25 July 2024.
      The notes are unsecured subordinated obligations of the Group and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.
      In the event of a winding-up or bankruptcy, they are to be repaid only after the claims of all other creditors have been met.
      There have been no defaults on any of the notes during the year. The Group has the option to defer interest payments on the notes but
      to date has not exercised this right.
      The fair value of subordinated notes (level one valuation based on quoted prices in active markets) at 31 December 2022 is £196.4 million
      (2021: £217.1 million).
      Other borrowings
      The Group holds various revolving credit facilities including a £200.0 million facility which expires in April 2023, a £20.0 million facility
      which expires in August 2023 and a €100.0 million facility which expires in August 2024. £20.0 million was drawn under the agreement
      expiring in August 2023 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: £20.0 million), which is shown within other borrowings in the table above.
      The carrying value is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
      Loan backed securities
      Asset backed senior loan note facilities of £1,000.0 million have been established in relation to the Admiral Money business (see note 3 for
      details of the accounting treatment of SPEs). As at the year end, £714.7 million (2021: £446.5 million) of these facilities had been utilised.
      The carrying value is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
      Lease liabilities
      The Group leases various properties, with rental contracts typically for fixed periods of 5 to 25 years although these may have extension
      options. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease
      agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.
      For each lease, a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability is recognised at the date at which the leased asset becomes available
      for use by the Group.
      The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of remaining lease payments, which include the following:
      • fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable
      • variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate
      • payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option
                                                                                                                                     Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                    259




                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the Group’s



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
a similar value in a similar economic environment, with similar terms and conditions. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
rate as the discount rate.
Subsequently, lease payments are allocated to the lease liability, split between repayments of principal and interest. A finance cost is
charged to the profit and loss so as to produce a constant period rate of interest on the remaining balance of the lease liability.
Whereby a change in lease term is identified, the lease liability is recalculated based on the present value of the remaining




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
lease payments.
6j. Objectives, policies and procedures for managing financial assets and liabilities
The Group’s activities expose it primarily to financial risks of credit, interest rate, liquidity and foreign exchange risk. The Board of
Directors has delegated the task of supervising risk management and internal control to the Group Risk Committee. There is also an
Investment Committee that makes recommendations to the Group and subsidiary Boards on investment strategy, and overseas the
Group’s investments.
There are several key elements to the risk management environment throughout the Group. These are detailed in full in the Corporate




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
Governance Statement. Specific considerations for the risks arising from financial assets and liabilities are detailed below.
Credit risk
The Group defines credit risk as the risk of financial loss if another party fails to perform its obligations. The key areas of exposure to
credit risk for the Group result through its reinsurance programme, investments, bank deposits, loans and advances to customers and
policyholder receivables.
The Directors consider credit quality and counterparty exposure frequently and in significant detail. The Directors consider that the
policies and procedures in place to manage credit exposure continue to be appropriate for the Group’s risk appetite and, during 2022 and
historically, no material credit losses have been experienced by the Group.




                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
The impact on equity of 100 and 200 basis point increases in credit spreads at the relevant valuation date, is as follows:
                                                                                                            31 December 2022   31 December 2021
                                                                                                                          £m                £m
Reduction in equity – 100bps                                                                                         (64.4)                (71.0)
Reduction in equity – 200bps                                                                                        (128.7)               (142.0)
The impact on the income statement from movements in credit spreads on the portfolio classified as FVOCI is £nil. There is no significant
exposure to credit risk for assets classified as FVTPL.
Also see notes 7 and 6f for further information on credit risk in relation to loans and advances to customers, and financial investments.
Financial investments and cash
Credit and counterparty risk is managed by the Group by investing in high quality money market funds, and setting suitable parameters
for asset managers to adhere to when purchasing debt securities. Cash balances and deposits are placed only with highly rated credit
institutions. The detailed holdings are reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee.
Invested assets
As noted above, the Group primarily invests the following asset types:
• Debt securities are held within segregated mandates and investment funds. This includes government debt, private debt and asset
  backed securities. The guidelines of the investments ensure management of credit risk. Generally, the duration of the securities is
  relatively short and similar to the duration of the on book claims liabilities
• Liquidity funds, which in turn invest in a mixture of short-dated fixed and variable rate securities, such as cash deposits, certificates of
  deposits, floating rate notes and other commercial paper
• Deposits with well rated institutions and are short in duration (one to three years). These are classified as held at amortised cost.
  Therefore, neither the carrying value of the asset, nor the interest return will be impacted by fluctuations in interest rates
Reinsurance assets
To mitigate the risk arising from exposure to reinsurers (in the form of reinsurance recoveries and profit commissions), the Group only
conducts business with companies of appropriate financial strength ratings. In addition, many reinsurance contracts are operated on a
funds withheld basis, which substantially reduces credit risk, as the Group retains the cash received from policyholders.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
260   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      6. Investment income and costs continued
      Loans and advances to customers
      The risk appetite for the lending business is set to ensure that the risk taken is commensurate with the expected returns. Management has
      defined an amber and a red loan loss limit, representing points at which action is required. These limits have been defined by management
      to reflect the business maturity, the business’ ambitions and the economic climate. Risk appetite is assessed at least annually, while the limits
      are continuously monitored.
      Insurance assets
      A further principal form of credit risk is in respect of amounts due from policyholders, largely due to the potential for default by
      instalment payers. The impact of this is mitigated by the large customer base and low average level of balance recoverable. There is also
      mitigation by the operation of numerous high- and low-level controls in this area, including payment on policy acceptance as opposed to
      inception and automated cancellation procedures for policies in default.
      The amount of bad debt expense relating to policyholder debt charged to the income statement in 2022 and 2021 is insignificant.
      Trade and other receivables
      Trade receivables and other debtors are also subject to credit risk, although this is mitigated by a review of the credit worthiness of all
      counterparties prior to them being accepted.
      Other assets
      All other assets are assessed as low credit risk under IFRS 9, with no significant amounts past due or impaired. No further disclosure is
      provided due to this having an immaterial impact on the financial statements.
      The Group’s credit risk exposure to assets with external ratings is as follows:
                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                          31 December            2021
                                                                                                                                 2022         Restated
                                                                                                               Rating              £m              £m
      Financial institutions – credit institutions                                                             AAA             324.6            355.0
      Financial institutions – credit institutions                                                              AA             556.1            746.6
      Financial institutions – credit institutions                                                               A           1,529.4          1,801.5
      Financial institutions – credit institutions                                                   BBB and below             818.2            863.7
      Government securities                                                                                    AAA             266.6            103.1
      Government securities                                                                                     AA             209.4            231.4
      Government securities                                                                                      A               1.7             14.0
      Government securities                                                                          BBB and below               2.1                –
      Reinsurers                                                                                                AA             816.5            685.5
      Reinsurers                                                                                                 A             421.8            210.3
      Reinsurers                                                                                     BBB and below               6.6              5.4
      *1 BBB and below includes not rated.

      The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk at 31 December 2022 is 31 December is £5,901.3 million (2021: £5,675.4 million), being the
      carrying value of financial investments and cash, the carrying value of loans and advances to customers, and the excess of reinsurance
      assets over amounts owed to reinsurers under funds withheld arrangements which are settled on a net basis. The Group does not use
      credit derivatives or similar instruments to mitigate exposure.
      There were no further significant financial assets that were past due at the close of either 2022 or 2021
      Interest rate risk
      The Group considers interest rate risk to be the risk that unfavourable movements in interest rates could adversely impact on the capital
      values of financial assets and liabilities.
      The impact on equity of 50 and 100 basis point increases and decreases in interest rates at the relevant valuation date, is as follows:
                                                                                                                          31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                                 2022            2021
                                                                                                                                   £m             £m
      Increase in interest rates – 50bps                                                                                       (37.6)           (51.0)
      Increase in interest rates – 100bps                                                                                      (75.2)          (101.9)
      Decrease in interest rates – 50bps                                                                                        37.6             51.0
      Decrease in interest rates – 100bps                                                                                       75.2            101.9


                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                    261




                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



The impact reflects movements in the Group’s asset portfolio and is stated before any offsetting movements in liabilities. The Group’s



                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
solvency II balance sheet, which includes technical provisions discounted using Bank of England and EIOPA yield curves reflects a low
sensitivity to interest rates as a result of well-matched durations of assets and liabilities.
Loans and advances to customers
The Group’s loan portfolio consists of fixed rate loans, which are funded at a floating variable rate. The Group has interest rate swap
arrangements, the risk management objective of which is to eliminate the majority of the interest rate risk variability in the cash flows
payable on the loan backed securities. This relates to the difference between fixed rate on loans written and floating variable rate




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
on funding.
Hedge accounting
Hedge accounting is applied when the criteria specified in IFRS 9 (including amendments, as set out above) are met. In line with IFRS 9,
the gain or loss on the hedged position as at the balance sheet date is recognised through other comprehensive income.
This results in a hedging reserve in relation to the interest rate swap.
Financial liabilities
The Group also holds a financial liability in the form of £200.0 million of subordinated notes with a ten year maturity and fixed rate




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
coupon of 5.5%. This liability is valued at amortised cost and therefore neither the carrying value of the deposits, nor the interest payable,
will be impacted by fluctuations in interest rates.
Other financial assets and liabilities
There is no significant exposure to interest rate risk for other financial assets and liabilities due to these being held at amortised cost.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group does not have sufficient available financial resources to enable it to meet its obligations
as they fall due, or can only secure them at excessive cost.




                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
The Group holds appropriate liquidity buffers at the parent company and subsidiary levels.
The Group is strongly cash-generative due to the large proportion of revenue arising from non-underwriting activity. Further, as noted
above, a significant portion of insurance funds are invested in investment funds with same day liquidity, meaning that a large proportion
of the Group’s cash and investments are immediately available.
A breakdown of the Group’s other borrowings, trade payables and other payables is shown in note 11.
The subordinated notes have a maturity date of July 2024, whereas all trade and other payables will mature within three to six months of
the balance sheet date (Refer to the maturity profile at the start of this note for further detail).
In practice, the Group’s Directors expect actual cash flows to be consistent with this maturity profile except for amounts owed to co-
insurers and reinsurers. Of the total amounts owed to co-insurers and reinsurers of £1,623.2 million (2021: £1,436.8 million), £1,389.4 million
(2021: £1,169.8 million) is held under funds withheld arrangements and therefore not expected to be settled within 12 months.
A maturity analysis for insurance contract liabilities is included in note 6e. The maturity profile for financial assets is included at the start
of this note.
The Group’s Directors believe that the cash flows arising from these assets will be consistent with this profile. Liquidity risk is not,
therefore, considered to be significant.
Foreign exchange risk
Foreign exchange risk arises from unfavourable movements in foreign exchange rates that could adversely impact the valuation of
overseas assets and liabilities.
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk through its operations overseas. Although the relative size of the international operations
means that the risks are relatively small, increasingly volatile foreign exchange rates could result in larger potential gains or losses.
Assets held to fund insurance liabilities are held in the currency of the liabilities; however, surplus assets held as regulatory capital in
foreign currencies remain exposed.
The Group’s exposure to net assets and profits in currencies other than the reporting currency is immaterial other than for US dollars and
euros. The Group’s exposure to net assets held in dollars at the balance sheet date was £34.7 million (2021: £21.3 million); the exposure to
net assets held in euros was £124.4 million (2021: £102.8 million).
If the sterling exchange rates against US dollars had strengthened/weakened by 10%, the Group’s profit before tax for the year would
increase/decrease by £5.1 million (2021: £1.9 million).
If the sterling rates with euros had strengthened/weakened by 10%, the Group’s profit before tax for the year would increase/decrease
by £1.0 million (2021: £1.1 million).

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
262   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      6. Investment income and costs continued
      6k. Investment in Associates
                                                                                                                        31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                                                                 £m             £m
      Investment in Associates                                                                                                 2.4                  –

      On 21 September 2022, Admiral Group announced a £2.5m investment into Wagonex Limited resulting in a holding of 23.56% of
      the company.
      7. Loans and advances to customers
      7a. Accounting policies
      Loans and advances to customers relate to the Admiral Money’s business, consisting of unsecured personal loans and car finance products.
      Classification
      Loans and advances to customers are measured at amortised cost. This is because assets are held in order to collect contractual cash
      flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset demand cash inflows which are solely payments of principal and interest on the
      principal amount outstanding.
      Interest income and expense
      Interest income received in relation to loans and advances to customers is calculated using the effective interest method which
      allocates interest, direct and incremental fees and costs over the expected lives of the assets and liabilities. There has been no change in
      recognition of interest income from the comparative period.
      Interest expense is calculated using the process appropriate to each source of funding, which is not linked to individual accounts.
      Finance leases
      Included within loans and advances to customers are personal contract purchase (PCP) and hire purchase (HP) arrangements which are
      classified as finance leases under IFRS 16. A receivable equal to the net investment in the lease has been recognised. The net investment
      is equal to the gross investment in the lease discounted at the rate implicit in the lease.
      Lease interest income is recognised within interest income in the income statement over the term of the lease using the effective
      interest rate method.
      The title to the underlying vehicle remains with the Group until the lessee has made all contractual payments, at which point ownership
      is transferred to the lessee. In the event of breach of contract, such as non-payment, the vehicle itself acts as collateral for the finance
      lease, becoming available for repossession in most cases.
      Some of the ways in which the Group maintains its rights to the vehicle, and thus manages the risk of loss associated with the finance
      lease, include:
      • The Group does not enter into any finance leases with a maximum loan-to-value limit, reducing the risk of shortfall on termination of
        the contract
      • The Group requires the lessee to insure the underlying vehicle at all times, reducing the risk of non-recovery if the asset is stolen
        or destroyed
      • The estimated future value of each vehicle, which is sourced externally, is considered in the pricing of the lease contracts to provide
        protection against deterioration in that value.
      7b. Loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                                        31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                                                                 £m             £m
      Loans and advances to customers – gross carrying amount                                                                887.6              607.0
      Loans and advances to customers – provision                                                                            (63.7)             (50.2)
      Total net loans and advances to customers                                                                              823.9              556.8

      Loans and advances to customers are comprised of the following:
                                                                                                                        31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                                                                 £m             £m
      Unsecured personal loans                                                                                               856.0              566.9
      Finance leases                                                                                                          31.6               40.1
      Total loans and advances to customers, gross                                                                           887.6              607.0


                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                   263




                                                                                                                                                   Company Overview



Fair value measurement


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
The loans and advances are recognised at fair value at the point of origination and then subsequently on an amortised cost basis. This is
deemed a reasonable approximation of fair value.
Expected credit losses
The expected credit loss model is a three-stage model based on forward looking information regarding changes in the credit quality since
origination. Credit risk is measured using a Probability of Default (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and Loss Given Default (LGD) defined
as follows:




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
• Probability of Default (PD): The likelihood of an account defaulting; calibrated through analysis of historic customer behaviour.
  Where customers have already met the definition of default this is 100%. For customers that are not in default the PD is determined
  through analysis of historic data at a credit grade level. A behavioural PD is then used after 2 months based on observed default rates
  by month on book and risk grade
• Exposure at Default: The amount of balance at the time of default. For loans that are in arrears the EAD is taken as the current balance
  plus any expected interest arrears. For up-to-date loans the EAD is calculated as the expected balance 3 months prior to each period,
  plus 3 months of interest arrears to account for the time it takes to default following falling into arrears
• Loss Given Default (LGD): The amount of the asset not recovered following a borrower’s default, determined through analysis of




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
  historic recovery performance
The PD is applied to the EAD to calculate the expected loss excluding recoveries. The LGD is then applied to this loss to calculate the total
expected loss including recoveries. A forward-looking provision is also calculated, as set out later in this note.
Loan assets are segmented into three stages of credit impairment:
• Stage 1 – no significant increase in credit risk of the financial asset since inception
• Stage 2 – significant increase in credit risk of the financial asset since inception




                                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
• Stage 3 – financial asset is credit impaired
For assets in stage 1, the allowance is calculated as the expected credit losses from events within 12 months after the reporting date.
For assets in stages 2 and 3 the allowance is calculated as the expected credit loss from events in the remaining lifetime of each asset.
Significant increase in credit risk (SICR) (stage 2)
As explained above, stage 1 assets have an ECL allowing for losses in the next twelve months, and stage 2 or 3 assets have an ECL allowing
for losses over the remaining lifetime of the contract. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial
recognition. IFRS 9 does not prescribe a definition of significant increase in credit risk but does include a rebuttable presumption that this
does occur for loan assets which are 30 days past due (which the Group does not rebut).
The Group has deemed a significant increase in credit risk to have occurred where:
• the loan is 1 to 2 loan payments in arrears, or
• the behavioural PD has moved outside a specified threshold from the application PD
• the customer is identified as being two or more payments in arrears on a product reported to the credit reference agency
Credit impaired (stage 3)
The Group does not rebut the presumption within IFRS 9 that default has occurred when an exposure is greater than 90 days past due,
which is consistent with a customer being three or more payments in arrears. In addition, a loan is deemed to be credit impaired where:
• there is an Individual Voluntary Arrangement (IVA) agreement confirmed or proposed, or;
• customer has started or progressed bankruptcy action, or;
• a repayment plan is in place, or;
• a customer is deceased




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
264   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      7. Loans and advances to customers continued
      Judgments required – Post Model Adjustments (PMAs)
      As at 31 December 2022, the expected credit loss allowance included PMAs totalling £11.3 million (2021: £9.1 million).
                                                                                                                     31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                            2022             2021
      Post Model Adjustments                                                                                                  £m              £m
      Model performance                                                                                                       3.9             2.0
      Inflation                                                                                                               4.0             2.5
      Economic scenarios                                                                                                      0.9             4.6
      Mortgage contagion                                                                                                      2.5               –
                                                                                                                             11.3             9.1

      PMAs are calculated using management judgement and analysis. The key categories of PMAs are as follows:
      Model performance
      The model has been calibrated on historical data that may not fully reflect the risk of losses in the recent and ongoing, highly volatile
      macro-economic period. For this reason a Model Performance PMA has been made. It effectively recalibrates the modelled probability of
      default of the loans to reflect recent monitored performance.
      Inflation
      This PMA has been updated to reflect the higher inflation outlook which has increased significantly since the end of 2021. Inflation could
      adversely impact the ability of some customers to make their loan repayments. A PMA is held to acknowledge this.
      Economic scenarios
      An uncertainty factor determined by management judgment has been added to reflect the recent volatility in unemployment forecasts.
      This factor has been reduced as variability between successive forecasts has fallen.
      Mortgage contagion
      Captures the risk that as mortgage rates rise, customers may experience payment shocks when their standard variable or fixed term
      mortgages come to an end, and may have to prioritise mortgage payments over other debts.
      Write off policy
      Loans are written off where there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The Group’s policy is to write off balances to their
      estimated net realisable value. Write offs are actioned on a case-by-case basis taking into account the operational position and the
      collections strategy.
      Forward-looking information
      Under IFRS 9 the provision must reflect an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of
      possible outcomes. The means by which the Group has determined this is to run scenario analysis.
      Management judgment has been used to define the weighting and severity of the different scenarios based on available data.
      The key economic driver of credit losses from the scenarios is the likelihood of a customer entering hardship through unemployment.
      Unemployment forecasts include a risk grade split of PD based on the correlation between grade-level default rates observed relative
      to the change in unemployment rates in the previous downturn, adjusted for the unemployment forecast expected in the current
      economic environment.
      The scenario weighting assumptions used are detailed below, along with the unemployment rate assumed in each scenario at
      31 December 2022.
                                                                                     31 December                      31 December
                                                                                            2022                             2021
                                                                                    Scenario peak     31 December    Scenario peak    31 December
                                                                                   Unemployment              2022   Unemployment             2021
                                                                                              rate      Weighting              rate      Weighting
      Base                                                                                 4.8%             40%             4.3%             40%
      Upturn                                                                               3.5%             10%             4.0%             10%
      Downturn                                                                             6.0%             40%             6.3%             30%
      Severe                                                                               7.9%             10%             6.6%             20%

      The economic scenarios and forecasts have been updated in conjunction with a third party economics provider. The probability
      weightings reflect the view that there is a probability of 90% attached to recessionary outcomes.



                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                            265




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Company Overview



Sensitivities to key areas of estimation uncertainty


                                                                                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
The key areas of estimation uncertainty identified, as per note 3 to the financial statements, are in the PD and the forward-
looking scenarios.
                                                                                                                                          31 December                                    31 December
                                                                                                                   31 December                   2022             31 December                    2021
                                                                                                                          2022              Sensitivity                  2021               Sensitivity
                                                                                                                     Weighting                      £m               Weighting                     £m
Base                                                                                                                        40%                     (1.3)                 40%                     (2.5)




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Upturn                                                                                                                      10%                     (6.9)                 10%                     (9.7)
Downturn                                                                                                                    40%                      1.4                  30%                      6.9
Severe                                                                                                                      10%                      5.7                  20%                     11.1

The sensitivities in the above tables show the variance to ECL that would be expected if the given scenario unfolded rather than the
weighted position the provision is based on. At 31 December 2022 the implied weighted peak unemployment rate is 5.5%: the table
shows that in a downturn scenario with a 6.0% peak unemployment rate the provision would increase by £1.4 million, whilst the upturn
would reduce the provision by £6.9 million, base case reduce by £1.3 million and severe increase the provision by £5.7 million.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
Stage 1 assets represent 82% of the total loan assets; 0.1% increase in the stage 1 PD, i.e. from 2.4% to 2.5% would result in a £0.7 million
increase in ECL.
Amounts arising from ECL: loans and advances to customers
The Group is exposed to credit risk from the Admiral Money business.
The following table sets out information about the credit quality of the loans and advances to customers measured at amortised cost.
Credit grades are used to segment customers by apparent credit risk at the time of acquisition. Higher grades are the lowest credit risk
with each subsequent grade increasing in expected credit risk. The Group does not have any purchased or originated credit impaired




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Additional Information
assets. These tables are inclusive of the finance lease assets which are held by the Group, further analysis of these balances can be found
in note 7c.
All probability of default figures included in this paragraph allow for forward-looking information, i.e. the PDs are a weighted average
from the economic scenarios considered. The average probability of default in for stage 1 assets is 2.7% (2021: 2.4%) reflecting the
expectation of defaults within 12 months of the reporting date. The average PD for assets in stage 2 is 36.6% (2021: 30.0%) reflecting
expected losses over the remaining life of the assets. The PD for assets in stage 3 is 100% (2021: 100%) as these assets are deemed to
have defaulted.
                                                                                                                                                                 31 December             31 December
                                                                                                 Stage 1                  Stage 2                 Stage 3               2022                    2021
                                                                                           12- month ECL            Lifetime ECL            Lifetime ECL                Total                   Total
                                                                                                     £m                       £m                      £m                  £m                     £m
Credit Grade*1
  Higher                                                                                           506.4                    94.0                       –                600.4                   405.1
  Medium                                                                                           176.0                    24.0                       –                200.0                   141.9
  Lower                                                                                              46.0                    7.2                       –                 53.2                    32.0
  Credit impaired                                                                                       –                      –                    34.0                 34.0                    28.0
  Gross carrying amount                                                                            728.4                  125.2                    34.0                 887.6                   607.0
  Expected credit loss allowance                                                                    (13.4)                 (23.5)                  (26.2)               (63.1)                  (49.9)
  Other loss allowance*2                                                                             (0.6)                     –                       –                 (0.6)                   (0.3)
Carrying amount                                                                                    714.4                  101.7                      7.8                823.9                   556.8
*1 Credit grade is the internal credit banding given to a customer at origination. This is based on external credit rating information
*2 Other loss allowance covers losses due to a reduction in current or future vehicle value or costs associated with recovery and sale of vehicles and those as a result of changes in the performance of
   the EIR asset




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
266   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      7. Loans and advances to customers continued
      The following tables reconcile the opening and closing gross carrying amount and expected credit loss allowance.
                                                                                         Stage 1           Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                                                   12- month ECL     Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL         Total
      2022                                                                                   £m                £m              £m           £m
      Gross carrying amount as at 1 January 2022                                         510.6              68.4            28.0        607.0
      Transfers
        Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2                                                (62.6)            62.6                –            –
        Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3                                                 (9.4)               –              9.4            –
        Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1                                                 25.3            (25.3)               –            –
        Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3                                                    –             (4.2)             4.2            –
        Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1                                                  0.2                –            (0.2)            –
        Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2                                                    –              0.4             (0.4)           –
      Principal redemption payments                                                     (235.3)           (39.9)            (5.9)      (281.1)
      Write offs                                                                             –                –             (7.2)        (7.2)
      EIR adjustment                                                                       3.4              0.4                –          3.8
      New financial assets originated or purchased                                       496.1             62.9              6.1        565.1
      Gross carrying amount as at 31 December 2022                                      728.3            125.3             34.0         887.6

      The EIR adjustment represents incremental acquisition costs incurred when advancing loans. These costs are spread over the expected
      economic lives of the loans under the effective interest rate method.
                                                                                         Stage 1           Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                                                   12- month ECL     Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL         Total
      2021                                                                                   £m                £m              £m          £m
      Gross carrying amount as at 1 January 2021                                         343.2              37.5            21.1        401.8
      Transfers
        Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2                                                (42.2)             42.2               –            –
        Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3                                                 (4.7)                –             4.7            –
        Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1                                                 17.6             (17.6)              –            –
        Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3                                                    –              (5.6)            5.6            –
        Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1                                                  0.4                 –            (0.4)           –
        Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2                                                    –               0.3            (0.3)           –
      Principal redemption payments                                                     (163.2)            (22.5)           (2.9)      (188.6)
      Write offs                                                                             –                 –            (2.4)        (2.4)
      New financial assets originated or purchased                                       359.5              34.1             2.6        396.2
      Gross carrying amount as at 31 December 2021                                       510.6              68.4            28.0        607.0




                                                                                              Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                 267




                                                                                                                 Company Overview




                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
                                                              Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                        12- month ECL    Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL    Total
2022                                                              £m               £m              £m      £m
Expected credit loss allowance as at 1 January 2022             13.7            12.7            23.5     49.9
Movements with a profit and loss impact
Transfers
  Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2                              (1.5)           4.4               –      2.9




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
  Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3                              (0.4)             –             1.0      0.6
  Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1                               1.8           (3.9)              –     (2.1)
  Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1                                 –              –            (0.1)    (0.1)
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs                                       (10.1)           (2.4)            4.4     (8.1)
New financial assets originated or purchased                      9.9          12.7              4.6     27.2
Total net profit and loss charge in the period                  (0.3)          10.8              9.9     20.4
Write-offs                                                          –              –            (7.2)    (7.2)
Expected credit loss allowance as at 31 December 2022          13.4            23.5            26.2      63.1




                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
Other movements with no profit and loss impact
Transfers
  Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3                                –            (1.3)            1.3        –
  Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2                                –               –               –        –
                                                              Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                        12- month ECL    Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL    Total
2021                                                              £m               £m              £m     £m
Expected credit loss allowance as at 1 January 2022             10.9            12.7            17.9     41.5




                                                                                                                 Additional Information
Movements with a profit and loss impact
Transfers
  Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2                             (1.3)            2.3               –      1.0
  Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3                             (0.4)              –             0.6      0.2
  Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1                              3.1            (5.1)              –     (2.0)
  Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1                              0.1               –            (0.2)    (0.1)
Changes in PDs/LGDs/EADs                                        (8.8)           (4.8)            5.6     (8.0)
New financial assets originated or purchased                    10.1             7.6             2.0     19.7
Total net profit and loss charge in the period                   2.8               –             8.0     10.8
Write-offs                                                         –               –            (2.4)    (2.4)
Expected credit loss allowance as at 31 December 2022           13.7            12.7            23.5     49.9
Other movements with no profit and loss impact
Transfers
  Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3                                –            (4.0)            4.0        –
  Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2                                –             0.1            (0.1)       –




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
268   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      7. Loans and advances to customers continued
      7c. Finance lease receivables
      Loans and advances to customers include the following finance leases. The Group is the lessor for leases of cars.
                                                                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                                                              £m            £m
      Gross investment in finance leases, receivable
      Less than 1 year                                                                                                      9.8            11.7
      Between 1 to 5 years                                                                                                 25.7            33.3
      More than 5 years                                                                                                       –               –
                                                                                                                           35.5            45.0
      Unearned finance income                                                                                              (4.0)           (5.2)
      Net investment in lease receivables                                                                                  31.5            39.8
      Less impairment allowance                                                                                            (0.8)           (1.3)
                                                                                                                           30.7            38.5
      Net investment in finance leases, receivable
      Less than 1 year                                                                                                      7.9             9.2
      Between 1 to 5 years                                                                                                 23.7            30.6
      More than 5 years                                                                                                       –               –
                                                                                                                           31.6            39.8

      The net investment in finance leases shown above includes an unguaranteed residual value of £0.3 million (2021: The net investment in
      finance leases shown above is net of the unguaranteed residual value of £0.4 million).
      7d. Interest income
                                                                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
      Post Model Adjustments                                                                                                  £m            £m
      From loans and advances to customers                                                                                 56.1            34.0
      From finance leases                                                                                                   2.6             2.6
      Total interest income                                                                                                58.7            36.6

      Interest income receivable is recognised in the income statement using the effective interest method, which calculates the amortised
      cost of the financial asset and allocates the interest income over the expected product life.
      7e. Interest expense
                                                                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
      Post Model Adjustments                                                                                                  £m            £m
      Interest payable on loan backed securities                                                                           11.7             5.5
      Interest payable on other credit facilities                                                                           0.9             0.6
      Total interest expense*1                                                                                             12.6             6.1
      *1 Interest paid in total during the year was £11.9 million (2021: £6.1 million)

      8. Other revenue
      8a. Accounting policy
      (i) Contribution from additional products and fees and other revenue
      Revenue is credited to the income statement over the period matching the Group’s obligations to provide services. Where the Group has
      no remaining obligations, the revenue is recognised immediately. An allowance is made for expected cancellations where the customer
      may be entitled to a refund of amounts charged.
      Commission from the provision of insurance intermediary services is credited to revenue on the sale of the underlying insurance policy.
      There has been no change in revenue recognition from the comparative period.




                                                                                               Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                269




                                                                                                                                                Company Overview



(ii) Nature of goods and services


                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
The following is a description of the principal activities within the scope of IFRS 15 from which the Group generates its other revenue.
Products and services              Nature, timing of satisfaction of performance obligations and significant payment terms
Fee and commission                 The performance obligation is the provision of insurance intermediary services, at which point the
revenue: Commission on             performance obligation is met. Revenue is therefore recognised at a point in time. Payment of the
underlying products                commission is due within 30 days of the period close.
Fee and commission revenue:        The performance obligation is the change requested being made to the underlying policy, at which




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Administration fees                point the performance obligation is met.
                                   Revenue is therefore recognised at a point in time and is collected immediately or in line with direct
                                   debit instalments.
Revenue from law firm              The performance obligation is the pursuit of the compensation from the at fault party’s insurer
                                   on behalf of the customer. Once the case is settled the performance obligation is fully satisfied.
                                   Revenue is therefore recognised over time using the expected value method. This method values
                                   revenue by multiplying hours incurred on open cases by a 12-month realisable rate. The realisable
                                   rate is a probability weighted transaction price based on settled cases. The expected value method




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                   therefore results in revenue recognised being constrained to that where there is a high probability of
                                   no significant reversal.
                                   Revenue is recognised over time because as the Group has an enforceable right to payment for
                                   performance completed to date and the work performed to date has no alternative use to the Group.
                                   A contract asset is recognised equal to the work performed up to the balance sheet date but not yet
                                   billed. Refer to note 6h for further detail of this balance.
                                   Payment is due within 28 days of invoice.




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
Profit commission from             The Group’s profit commission revenue falling within the scope of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts
co-insurers                        with Customers relates to a contractual arrangement between the Group’s insurance intermediary EUI
                                   Limited, and an external co-insurer (Great Lakes) which underwrites a share of the UK Car Insurance
                                   business generated by EUI Limited.
                                   The variable consideration, being the profit commission recognised in respect of each underwriting
                                   year at the end of each reporting period, is recognised at a point in time, and calculated based on a
                                   number of detailed inputs, the most material of which are as follows:
                                   • Premiums, defined as gross premiums ceded including any instalment income, less reinsurance
                                     premium (for excess of loss reinsurance)
                                   • Insurance expenses incurred
                                   • Claims ratio (more typically referred to as a loss ratio)
                                   Whilst the premiums and insurance expenses related to an underwriting year are typically fixed at the
                                   conclusion of each underwriting year and are not subject to judgement, the claims ratio is calculated
                                   from the underwriting year loss ratios that result from the setting of claims reserves in the financial
                                   statements meaning it is subject to inherent uncertainty. As stated in note 5d, Admiral’s reserving
                                   policy is initially to reserve conservatively, above internal and independent projections of actuarial
                                   best estimates. This is designed to create a margin held in reserves to allow for unforeseen adverse
                                   development in open claims.
                                   Admiral’s financial statement loss ratios, used in the calculation of profit commission income, continue
                                   to include a significant margin above projected best estimates of ultimate claims costs. It is this margin
                                   for uncertainty, included in the financial statement loss ratios, which creates the constraint over the
                                   recognition of the variable consideration, as using the booked loss ratio rather than the actuarial best
                                   estimate constrains the profit commission income to a level where there is a high probability of no
                                   significant reversal of the revenue recognised.
                                   The key methods, inputs and assumptions used to estimate the variable consideration of profit
                                   commission are therefore in line with those used for the calculation of claims liabilities, as set out in
                                   note 3 to the financial statements, with further detail also included in note 5. There are no further
                                   critical accounting estimates or judgements in relation to the recognition of profit commission.
Comparison                         The performance obligation is the provision of insurance intermediary services, at which point the
                                   performance obligation is met. Revenue is therefore recognised at a point in time.



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
270   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      8. Other revenue continued
      Instalment income on insurance premium paid via instalments is using the effective interest rate, and as such is not within the scope of
      IFRS 15. Profit commission from reinsurers is within the scope of IFRS 4, and not within the scope of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      Customers due to the nature of the income.
      8b. Disaggregation of revenue
      In the following tables, other revenue is disaggregated by major products/service lines and timing of revenue recognition. The total
      revenue disclosed in the table of £489.7 million (2021: £678.9 million) represents total other revenue and profit commission and is
      disaggregated into the segments included in note 4.
                                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                  UK        International             Admiral
                                                                                                            Insurance           Insurance              Money                Other                   Total
                                                                                                                  £m                  £m                 £m                   £m                      £m
      Major products/service line
      Instalment income                                                                                        93.0                  5.9                    –                   –               98.9
      Fee and commission revenue                                                                              149.9                 33.8                  0.3                   –              184.0
      Revenue from law firm                                                                                    15.8                    –                    –                   –               15.8
      Comparison*1                                                                                                –                    –                    –                 8.3                8.3
      Other                                                                                                    11.6                    –                    –                 0.2               11.8
      Total other revenue                                                                                     270.3                 39.7                  0.3                 8.5              318.8
      Profit commission                                                                                       170.5                  0.4                    –                   –              170.9
      Total other revenue and profit commission                                                               440.8                 40.1                  0.3                 8.5              489.7

      Timing of revenue recognition
      Point in time                                                                                           289.9                 33.8                  0.3                 8.5              332.5
      Over time                                                                                                17.8                    –                    –                   –               17.8
      Revenue outside the scope of IFRS 15                                                                    133.1                  6.3                    –                   –              139.4
                                                                                                              440.8                 40.1                  0.3                 8.5              489.7
                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                          UK         International             Admiral                                   Total        Comparison
                                                                    Insurance            Insurance              Money               Other         (continuing)     (discontinued)                   Total
                                                                          £m                   £m                 £m                  £m                   £m                 £m                     £m
      Major products/service line
      Instalment income                                                101.7                  3.7                    –                   –             105.4                    –              105.4
      Fee and commission revenue                                       137.2                 28.3                  1.0                   –             166.5                    –              166.5
      Revenue from law firms                                            25.0                    –                    –                   –              25.0                    –               25.0
      Comparison*1                                                         –                    –                    –                 5.3               5.3                 59.6               64.9
      Other                                                             12.0                    –                    –                 0.6              12.6                    –               12.6
      Total other revenue                                              275.9                 32.0                  1.0                 5.9             314.8                 59.6              374.4
      Profit commission                                                301.9                  2.6                    –                   –             304.5                    –              304.5
      Total other revenue and profit
      commission                                                       577.8                 34.6                  1.0                 5.9             619.3                 59.6              678.9
      Timing of revenue recognition
      Point in time                                                    309.6                 28.3                  1.0                 5.9             344.8                 59.6              404.4
      Over time                                                         27.5                    –                    –                   –              27.5                    –               27.5
      Revenue outside the scope of IFRS 15                             240.7                  6.3                    –                   –             247.0                    –              247.0
                                                                       577.8                 34.6                  1.0                 5.9             619.3                 59.6              678.9
      *1 Comparison revenue excludes £0.3 million (31 December 2021: £7.8 million) of income from other Group companies, including £nil million (2021: £7.5 million) from discontinued operations




                                                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              271




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



9. Expenses


                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
9a. Accounting policies
(i) Acquisition costs and operating expenses
Acquisition costs incurred in obtaining new and renewal business are charged to the income statement over the period in which those
premiums are earned. All other operating expenses are charged to the income statement as incurred.
(ii) Employee benefits
As detailed in the Remuneration Committee Report, the key elements of employee remuneration are:




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
• Base salaries and pension contributions;
• Share based incentive plans;
• A discretionary bonus, (the ‘DFSS Bonus’), rather than an annual cash bonus, that is based on the number of DFSS awards held and
  actual dividends paid out to shareholders
Within note 9b, the charges for base salaries and pension contributions (and the related social security costs) are recognised within
insurance contract expenses or administration and other marketing costs, based on the role of the employee.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
Charges for the share-based incentive plans (and related social security costs) and discretionary bonus are included within share scheme
charges. These charges are not shown as part of the result for each reportable segment, or within the expense ratio, due to them being
materially comprised of an accounting charge in line with IFRS 2 Share-based payments which does not result in a cash payment to
employees but instead results in an issue of new shares (resulting in a dilution of existing shares).
The rules of the share schemes ensure that the actual dilution level does not exceed 10% in any rolling ten-year period.
Base salaries and pension contributions
Base salaries and the related employer social security costs are charged to the income statement in the period that they are incurred.




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
The Group contributes to defined contribution personal pension plans for its employees. The contributions payable to these schemes are
charged in the accounting period to which they relate.
Share based incentive plans and related social security costs
The Group operates a number of equity and cash settled compensation schemes for its employees, the main ones being:
• A Share Incentive Plan (SIP), which is in place for all UK employees encouraging wide share ownership across employees, and
• The Discretionary Free Share Scheme (DFSS). DFSS shares are typically awarded to managers, and for the majority of employees 50%
  of the DFSS shares awarded are subject to three performance conditions being Earnings per Share growth, Return on Equity and Total
  Shareholder Return vs. the FTSE 350 (excluding investment companies) over a three-year period. The other 50% are guaranteed with
  continued employment
For both schemes, employees must remain in employment three years after the award date (i.e. at the vesting date), otherwise the
shares are forfeited.
The majority of these schemes are classed as equity settled under IFRS 2, due to the employees receiving shares (rather than cash) as
consideration for the services provided.
For equity settled schemes, the charge, which reflects the fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the
free shares, is recognised as an expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, as shown in the consolidated statement of changes in
equity (2022: £57.3 million; 2021: £63.1 million).
For the cash settled schemes, the expense recognised for the fair value of services received results in a corresponding increase
in liabilities.
The key drivers and assumptions used to calculate the charge for the schemes over the three year vesting period are:
• The number of shares awarded, which is set at the start of each scheme. Details of the number of shares awarded for each scheme
  where shares remain unvested is set out in note 9f(iii)
• The fair value of the shares;
  – For the SIP, the fair value of the shares awarded is the share price at the award date. Awards under the SIP are entitled to receive
    dividends, and hence no adjustment is made to this fair value
  – For the DFSS equity settled awards, awards are not eligible for dividends, although a discretionary bonus is currently paid equivalent
    to the dividend that would have been paid on the shareholding, hence the fair value of the shares is revised downwards to take
    account of these expected dividends
  – For the DFSS cash settled awards, the fair value is based on the share price at the vesting date. The closing share price at the end of
    each reporting period is used as an approximation for the closing price at the end of the vesting period

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
272   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      9. Expenses continued
      • Staff attrition rates, which impact the ultimate number of shares that vest
      • In the case of the DFSS, the vesting rates based on the performance conditions, which also impact the ultimate number of shares
        that vest
      The number of shares that have ultimately vested compared to those originally awarded is set out in note 9f(iv).
      At each balance sheet date, the Group revises its assumptions on the number of shares which will ultimately vest based on the latest
      forecast information for attrition rates and, for the DFSS, the extent to which the performance conditions are met.
      The financial impact as a result of any change in the assumptions is recognised through the income statement. Any significant changes in
      assumptions may therefore result in an increased / decreased charge in an accounting period as a result of this true-up of the expected
      cumulative charge required.
      Social security costs on share-based incentive plans
      Social security costs are incurred by the Group in respect of the share-based incentive plans, with the expense recognised over the
      vesting period for each share scheme. For the SIP, these costs are paid when the employees sell the shares after vesting (typically 3–5
      years after the grant date). For the DFSS, the costs are paid immediately upon vesting.
      The total social security costs are calculated based on the following:
      • The taxable value of the shares, being:
        – For the SIP, the lower of the share price at award date and the share price at the balance sheet date
        – For the DFSS, the share price at the balance sheet date
      • the number of shares expected to vest for each scheme, driven by the number of shares awarded, attrition rates and, for the DFSS,
        the vesting rate based on performance conditions
      • the appropriate social security rate
      These assumptions are updated at the end of each reporting period. The financial impact as a result of any change in the assumptions
      is recognised through the income statement. Any significant changes in assumptions may therefore result in an increased / decreased
      charge in an accounting period as a result of this true-up of the expected cumulative charge required.
      Discretionary bonus on shares allocated but unvested
      The cost of the DFSS bonus is recognised and paid in each period equivalent to the dividends on shares allocated to employees that are
      still entitled to vest but have not yet vested. The cost shown also includes the social security costs on the discretionary bonus. No accrual
      is made for future discretionary bonus payments due to there being no contractual obligation for such a bonus at the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                     273




                                                                                                                                                                                     Company Overview



9b. Operating expenses and share scheme charges


                                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                                  31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                       Recoverable
                                                                                                                                                       from co- and
                                                                                                                                          Gross          reinsurers           Net
Continuing operations                                                                                                                       £m                  £m            £m
Acquisition of insurance contracts *1                                                                                                    178.8              (98.1)          80.7
Administration and other marketing costs (insurance contracts)                                                                           530.5             (313.6)         216.9




                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Insurance contract expenses                                                                                                              709.3            (411.7)          297.6
Administration and other marketing costs (other)                                                                                         136.2                  –          136.2
Share scheme charges                                                                                                                      79.3              (27.6)          51.7
Movement in expected credit loss provision                                                                                                18.9                  –           18.9
Total expenses and share scheme charges – continuing operations                                                                          943.7            (439.3)          504.4
                                                                                                                                                  31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                                        Recoverable
                                                                                                                                                       from co- and




                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                          Gross           reinsurers          Net
Continuing operations                                                                                                                       £m                   £m           £m
Acquisition of insurance contracts*1                                                                                                     179.5             (113.0)           66.5
Administration and other marketing costs (insurance contracts)                                                                           540.0             (343.8)          196.2
Insurance contract expenses                                                                                                              719.5             (456.8)          262.7
Administration and other marketing costs (other)                                                                                         151.5                  –           151.5
Share scheme charges                                                                                                                      99.1              (34.3)           64.8
Movement in expected credit loss provision                                                                                                13.3                  –            13.3




                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional Information
Total expenses and share scheme charges – continuing operations                                                                          983.4             (491.1)          492.3
*1 Acquisition of insurance contracts expense excludes £0.3 million (2021: £0.2 million) of aggregator fees from other Group companies

The £216.9 million (2021: £196.2 million) administration and marketing costs allocated to insurance contracts is principally made up of
salary costs.
Analysis of other administration and other marketing costs:
                                                                                                                                                      31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                                                             2022             2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                                                          £m              £m
Expenses relating to additional products and fees                                                                                                            74.5            91.9
Loans expenses (excluding movement on ECL provision)                                                                                                         22.2            23.7
Other expenses                                                                                                                                               39.5            35.9
Total                                                                                                                                                       136.2           151.5

Refer to note 14 for a reconciliation between insurance contract expenses and the reported expense ratio.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
274   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      9. Expenses continued
      9c. Employee costs and other expenses
                                                                                                                            31 December 2022                             31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                Total                   Net                  Total                 Net
      Continuing operations                                                                                                       £m                    £m                    £m                   £m
      Salaries                                                                                                               397.0                  127.9                  338.2                 111.9
      Social security charges                                                                                                 41.4                   15.1                   35.4                  12.8
      Pension costs                                                                                                           14.6                    5.0                   17.7                   6.0
      Share scheme charges (see note 9f)                                                                                      79.3                   51.7                   99.1                  64.8
      Total employee expenses                                                                                                523.3                  199.7                  490.4                 195.5
      Depreciation charge:
      – Owned assets                                                                                                           10.1                     2.8                 13.4                   3.4
      – ROU assets                                                                                                              8.1                     2.2                 10.2                   2.7
      Amortisation charge:
      – Software                                                                                                              23.7                     7.2                  19.3                   5.6
      – Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                           179.1                    81.0                 180.6                  68.0
      Auditor’s remuneration (including VAT) (total Group):
      – Fees payable for the audit of the Company’s annual accounts                                                              0.1                    0.1                   0.1                  0.1
      – Fees payable for the audit of the Company’s subsidiary accounts                                                          1.7                    0.9                   1.5                  0.6
      – Fees payable for audit related assurance services pursuant to legislation
         or regulation                                                                                                           1.0                    0.5                   0.8                  0.5

      £10,800 (inclusive of VAT) (2021: £34,800) was payable to the auditor for other services in the year.
      Total and net expenses are before and after co- and reinsurance arrangements respectively.
      Refer to the Corporate Governance Report for details of the Audit Committee’s policy on fees paid to the Company’s auditor for non-
      audit services. Audit fees are 65% (2021: 64%) of total fees and 35% (2021: 36%) of total fees are for non-audit services, which are classed
      as audit related assurance services under the FRC rules on non-audit services.
      The amortisation of software and deferred acquisition cost assets is charged to expenses in the income statement.
      9d. Employee numbers (including Directors)
                                                                                                                                                                         Average for the year
                                                                                                                                                                            2022                  2021
                                                                                                                                                                          Number                Number
      Direct customer contact employees                                                                                                                                   7,490                  7,271
      Support employees                                                                                                                                                   3,845                  3,454
      Total                                                                                                                                                              11,335                 10,725

      Total average employees in 2021 relating to comparison entities disposed of during the year were 222.
      9e. Directors’ remuneration
      (i) Directors’ remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                      31 December       31 December
                                                                                                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                                                                                                               £m               £m
      Directors’ emoluments                                                                                                                                                   1.1                  1.1
      Amounts receivable under SIP and DFSS share schemes                                                                                                                     2.2                  3.0
      Company contributions to money purchase pension plans                                                                                                                     –                    –
      Total*1                                                                                                                                                                 3.3                  4.1
      *1 Directors’ remuneration is stated as that of the executive directors. For information on non-executive directors’ remuneration see the remuneration report

      (ii) Number of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                            2022                  2021
                                                                                                                                                                          Number                Number
      Retirement benefits are accruing to the following number of Directors under:
      – Money purchase schemes                                                                                                                                                  2                   2




                                                                                                                                    Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              275




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



9f. Employee share schemes


                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
Total share scheme costs for the Group excluding discontinued operations are analysed below:
                                                                                  31 December 2022
                                                               SIP charge (i)                DFSS charge (ii)                 Total charge
                                                     Gross              Net          Gross               Net        Gross              Net
                                                       £m               £m             £m                £m           £m               £m
IFRS 2 charge for equity settled




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
share schemes                                        18.0              12.1          39.3              25.6         57.3             37.7
IFRS 2 charge for cash settled
share schemes                                           –                –           0.2               0.2           0.2              0.2
Total IFRS 2 charge                                  18.0             12.1          39.5              25.8          57.5             37.9
Social security costs on IFRS 2 charge                0.7              0.5           0.4               0.3           1.1              0.8
Discretionary bonus on shares allocated
but unvested                                            –                –          20.7              13.0          20.7             13.0
Total share scheme charges                           18.7             12.6          60.6              39.1          79.3             51.7




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
                                                                                  31 December 2021
                                                               SIP charge (i)                DFSS charge (ii)                  Total charge
                                                     Gross               Net         Gross               Net        Gross              Net
                                                       £m                £m            £m                £m           £m               £m
IFRS 2 charge for equity settled
share schemes                                        19.9              13.7          41.3              27.0         61.2             40.7
IFRS 2 charge for cash settled share
schemes                                                 –                 –           5.0               2.9          5.0              2.9




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
Total IFRS 2 charge                                  19.9              13.7          46.3              29.9         66.2             43.6
Social security costs                                 0.8               0.5           9.0               6.4          9.8              6.9
Discretionary bonus on shares allocated
but unvested                                            –                  –         23.1              14.3         23.1             14.3
Total share scheme charges –
continuing operations                                20.7              14.2          78.4              50.6         99.1             64.8

Total share scheme costs for discontinued operations in 2021 were £0.4 million. The total IFRS 2 charge for equity settled share schemes
for discontinued operations in 2021 were £0.5 million.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
276   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      9. Expenses continued
      Net share scheme charges are presented after allocations to co-insurers (in the UK and Italy) and reinsurers (in the International
      Insurance businesses). The proportion of net to gross share scheme charges would be expected to be consistent in each period,
      at approximately 65%.
                                                                                                                           Financial year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                                 Total cumulative
                                                                                             2019 and prior                  2020                  2021                 2022       charge to date
      Analysis of gross cost                                                                           £m                     £m                    £m                    £m                  £m
      Year of share scheme – SIP
      2018                                                                                              9.3                   5.9                  2.4                     –                  17.6
      2019                                                                                              3.4                   6.0                  6.4                   4.1                  19.9
      2020*1                                                                                              –                   3.1                  6.7                   5.4                  15.2
      2021*1                                                                                              –                     –                  4.4                   5.4                   9.8
      2022*1                                                                                              –                     –                    –                   3.1                   3.1
      Gross IFRS 2 costs – SIP                                                                                                                    19.9                  18.0
      Year of share scheme – DFSS
      2018                                                                                             18.5                 16.6                  12.6                     –                  47.7
      2019                                                                                              3.4                 10.9                  15.8                   8.0                  38.1
      2020*2                                                                                              –                  4.7                  13.0                  14.6                  32.3
      2021*2                                                                                              –                    –                   4.9                  13.4                  18.3
      2022*2                                                                                              –                    –                     –                   3.5                   3.5
      Gross IFRS 2 costs – DFSS                                                                                                                   46.3                  39.5
      Total IFRS 2 costs – continuing operations                                                                                                  66.2                  57.5
      *1 Awards are made in March and September of each year, and vest over 36 months from award date. On the 2020 scheme, an average of 5 months’ charge remains outstanding, on the 2021 scheme
         an average of 17 months’ charge remains outstanding, and on the 2022 schemes an average of 29 months’ charge remains outstanding
      *2 The main award is made in September of each year, with smaller awards made at other points through the year. The shares vest over 36 months from award date. On the 2020 main DFSS, 9 months’
         charge remains outstanding; on the 2021 main DFSS 21 months’ charge remains outstanding, and on the 2022 main DFSS, 33 months’ charge remains outstanding

      (i) The Approved Share Incentive Plan (the SIP)
      Eligible UK based employees qualify for awards under the SIP based upon the performance of the Group in each half-year period.
      The maximum award for each year is £3,600 per employee and the maximum number of shares that can vest relating to the 2022
      schemes is 872,728 (2021 schemes: 688,384; 2020 schemes: 982,643).
      The awards are made at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee, taking into account the Group’s performance.
      (ii) The Discretionary Free Share Scheme (the DFSS)
      Under the DFSS, details of which are contained in the remuneration policy section of the Directors’ Remuneration Report, individuals
      receive an award of free shares at no charge.
      The maximum number of shares that can vest relating to the 2022 schemes is 3,070,323 (2021 scheme: 2,850,114; 2020 scheme:
      2,795,261).
      The vesting percentage for most employees for the 2019 DFSS scheme which vested during 2022 was 98.9% (2018 DFSS scheme:
      99.3%).
      (iii) Number of free share awards committed at 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                                                             Awards outstanding*1
      SIP 2020*    2
                                                                                                                                                                                        982,643
      SIP 2021*2                                                                                                                                                                        688,384
      SIP 2022*2                                                                                                                                                                        872,728
      DFSS 2020*3                                                                                                                                                                     2,795,261
      DFSS 2021*3                                                                                                                                                                     2,850,114
      DFSS 2022*3                                                                                                                                                                     3,070,323
      Total awards committed                                                                                                                                                         11,259,453
      *1 Being the maximum number of awards committed before accounting for expected staff attrition and vesting conditions
      *2 Shares are awarded in March and September of each year, and vest three years later
      *3 The main award is made in September of each year, with smaller awards made at other points through the year




                                                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 277




                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



(iv) Number of free share awards vesting during the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
During the year ended 31 December 2022, awards under the SIP H1 19 and H2 19 schemes and the DFSS 2019 schemes vested. The total
number of awards vesting for each scheme is as follows.
                                                                                                               Original awards   Awards vested
SIP 2019 schemes                                                                                                 1,113,496          907,466
DFSS 2019 schemes                                                                                                2,637,196        2,262,590




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
The difference between the original and vested awards reflects employee attrition (SIP schemes) and both employee attrition and the
vesting outcomes based on performance conditions noted above (DFSS schemes).
The weighted average fair value of the shares granted in the year was £19.45 (2021: £31.16).
The weighted average market share price at the date of exercise for shares exercised during the year was £21.51 (2021: £31.92).
10. Taxation
10a. Accounting policy
Income tax on the profit or loss for the periods presented comprise of current and deferred tax.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
(i) Current tax
Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the balance sheet date, and includes any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods.
Current tax related to items recognised in other comprehensive income is also recognised in other comprehensive income and not in the
income statement.
(ii) Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided in full using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences arising between the carrying




                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
amount of assets and liabilities for accounting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the balance sheet date and that are
expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled, or the asset is realised.
The principal temporary differences arise from carried forward losses, depreciation of property and equipment and share scheme
charges. The resulting deferred tax is charged or credited in the income statement, except in relation to share scheme charges where
the amount of tax benefit credited to the income statement is limited to an equivalent credit calculated on the accounting charge.
Any excess is recognised directly in equity.
Deferred tax assets relating to carried forward losses are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits
will be available against which the assets can be utilised. The probability of the availability of future taxable profits is determined by a
combination of the classification of the status of the businesses holding cumulative tax losses and the business plan profit projections for
that business, subject to appropriate stress testing.
10b. Taxation
                                                                                                                31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                       2022             2021
Continuing operations                                                                                                    £m              £m
Current tax
Corporation tax on profits for the year                                                                              107.6             129.2
(Over)/under-provision relating to prior periods                                                                      (0.9)              4.2
Current tax charge                                                                                                   106.7             133.4
Deferred tax
Current period deferred taxation movement                                                                             (10.2)            (1.5)
(Over)/under- provision relating to prior periods                                                                       0.7             (1.7)
Total tax charge per consolidated income statement                                                                     97.2            130.2




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
278   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      10. Taxation continued
      Factors affecting the total tax charge are:
                                                                                                                          31 December       31 December
                                                                                                                                 2022              2021
      Continuing operations                                                                                                        £m               £m
      Profit before tax                                                                                                       469.0              713.5
      Corporation tax thereon at effective UK corporation tax rate of 19.0% (2021: 19.0%)                                      89.1              135.6
      Expenses and provisions not deductible for tax purposes                                                                   2.3                2.2
      Non-taxable income                                                                                                       (8.7)              (8.3)
      Impact of change in UK tax rate on deferred tax balances                                                                 (2.2)              (3.6)
      Adjustments relating to prior periods                                                                                    (0.2)               2.5
      Impact of different overseas tax rates                                                                                    4.5               (1.4)
      Unrecognised deferred tax                                                                                                12.4                3.2
      Total tax charge for the period as above                                                                                 97.2              130.2

      The corporation tax liability as at 31 December 2022 was £5.0 million (2021: £10.6 million recoverable for continuing operations).
      In 2021, over 130 countries reached a historic agreement to reform the international tax framework. The main aim of the agreement
      was to ensure that large, multinational corporations pay their fair share of tax in the countries in which they operate and this included
      the introduction of a new global minimum corporate income tax rate of 15%. In November 2022, the UK Tax Authorities confirmed that,
      for accounting periods beginning on or after 31 December 2023, it would introduce rules requiring UK headquartered multinational
      groups to pay a top-up tax where their foreign operations had an effective tax rate of less than 15%. These new rules are not expected to
      have a material impact on the Admiral Group.
      10c. Deferred income tax asset/(liability)
      Analysis of deferred tax asset/(liability)
                                               Tax treatment
                                                      of share       Capital         Carried    Fair value     Hedging             Other
                                                     schemes     allowances    forward losses     reserve       reserve      differences          Total
                                                           £m           £m                £m           £m           £m               £m             £m
      Balance brought forward at
      1 January 2021                                      8.8          (1.7)               –         (7.2)           –             (0.8)          (0.9)
      Tax treatment of share scheme
      charges through income or expense                  (6.3)            –                –            –            –                  –         (6.3)
      Tax treatment of share scheme
      charges through reserves                            6.0             –                –            –            –                –            6.0
      Capital allowances                                    –           9.5                –            –            –                –            9.5
      Movement in fair value reserve                        –             –                –          1.4            –                –            1.4
      Other difference                                      –             –                –            –            –             (0.4)          (0.4)
      Balance carried forward at
      31 December 2021                                    8.5           7.8                –         (5.8)           –             (1.2)           9.3
      Tax treatment of share scheme
      charges through income or expense                   1.2             –                –            –            –                  –          1.2
      Tax treatment of share scheme
      charges through reserves                           (6.3)            –                –           –             –                –           (6.3)
      Capital allowances                                    –          (0.7)               –           –             –                –           (0.7)
      Carried forward losses                                –             –              7.9           –             –                –            7.9
      Movement in fair value reserve                        –             –                –        13.0             –                –           13.0
      Movement in hedging reserve                           –             –                –           –          (7.0)               –           (7.0)
      Other difference                                      –             –                –        (0.3)            –              1.4            1.1
      Balance carried forward at
      31 December 2022                                   3.4           7.1              7.9          6.9         (7.0)             0.2            18.5

      Positive amounts presented above relate to a deferred tax asset position.
      The average effective rate of tax for 2022 is 19.0% (2021: 19.0%). An increase to the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% was
      announced in the 2021 Budget and is expected to come into effect in 2023. This will increase the Group’s future tax charge accordingly.


                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                279




                                                                                                                                                Company Overview



The deferred tax asset has increased during the year, mainly relating to the movements in the fair value reserve.



                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
The deferred tax asset in relation to carried forward losses in the US remains at £nil at the year-end (2021: £nil) due to uncertainty over
the availability of future taxable profits against which to offset or utilise any deferred tax asset.
At 31 December 2022, the Group had unused tax losses amounting to £322.0 million (2021: £261.8 million), relating primarily to the
Group’s US businesses Elephant Auto and compare.com, for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised. The earliest expiry date
for any of these tax losses is 2029. The total aggregated unrecognised deferred tax liabilities on temporary differences associated with
subsidiaries is £nil (2021: £nil).




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
11. Other assets and other liabilities
11a. Accounting policy
(i) Property and equipment, and depreciation
All property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method
to write off the cost less residual values of the assets over their useful economic lives. These useful economic lives are as follows:
Improvements to short leasehold buildings         – four to ten years
Computer equipment                                – two to four years




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
Office equipment                                  – four years
Furniture and fittings                            – four years
Motor vehicles                                    – four years
Right-of-use assets                               – two – twenty years, aligned to lease agreement
As set out further in note 6i to the financial statements, a right-of-use asset is established in relation the Group’s lease arrangements.
The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which comprises the following:
• the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability (note 6i to the financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
• any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
• any initial direct costs, and
• restoration costs
The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the asset’s useful life on a straight-line basis.
The Group does not have any significant leases which qualify for the short-term leases or leases of low-value assets exemption.
(ii) Impairment of property and equipment
In the case of property and equipment, carrying values are reviewed at each balance sheet date to determine whether there are
any indicators of impairment. If any such indicators exist, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated and compared to the carrying
value. The carrying value is the higher of the fair value of the asset less costs to sell and the asset’s value in use. Impairment losses are
recognised through the income statement.
(iii) Intangible assets
Goodwill
All business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. Goodwill has been recognised in acquisitions of subsidiaries
and represents the difference between the cost of the acquisition and the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired.
The classification and accounting treatment of acquisitions occurring before 1 January 2004 have not been reconsidered in preparing
the Group’s opening IFRS balance sheet at 1 January 2004 due to the exemption available in IFRS 1 (First time adoption). In respect of
acquisitions prior to 1 January 2004, goodwill is included at the transition date on the basis of its deemed cost, which represents the
amount recorded under UK GAAP, which was tested for impairment at the transition date. On transition, amortisation of goodwill has
ceased as required by IAS 38.
Goodwill is stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated to cash generating units (CGUs) according to
business segment and is reviewed annually for impairment.
The goodwill held on the balance sheet at 31 December 2022 and 2021 is allocated solely to the UK Insurance segment.
Impairment of goodwill		
The annual impairment review involves comparing the carrying amount to the estimated recoverable amount (by allocating the goodwill
to CGUs) and recognising an impairment loss if the recoverable amount is lower. Impairment losses are recognised through the income
statement and are not subsequently reversed.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
280   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      11. Other assets and other liabilities continued
      The recoverable amount is the greater of the fair value of the asset less costs to sell and the value in use of the CGU.
      The value in use calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a period of up to
      three years. Cash flows beyond this period are considered, but not included in the calculation.
      The key assumptions used in the value in use calculations are those regarding revenue growth, along with expected changes in pricing
      and expenses incurred during the forecast period. Management estimates revenue growth rates and changes in pricing based on past
      practices and expected future changes in the market.
      The headroom above the goodwill carrying value is very significant, and there is no foreseeable event that would eliminate this margin.
      Deferred acquisition costs
      Acquisition costs comprise all direct and indirect costs arising from the conclusion of insurance contracts. Deferred acquisition costs
      represent the proportion of acquisition costs incurred that correspond to the unearned premiums provision at the balance sheet date.
      This balance is held as an intangible asset. It is amortised over the term of the contract as premium is earned.
      Software
      Purchased software is recognised as an intangible asset and amortised over its expected useful life (generally the licence term).
      Internally generated software is recognised as an intangible asset, with directly attributable costs incurred in the development stage
      capitalised. The internally generated software assets are amortised over the expected useful life of the systems and amortisation
      commences when the software is available for use.
      The carrying value of software is reviewed every six months for evidence of impairment, with the value being written down if any
      impairment exists. Impairment may be reversed if conditions subsequently improve.
      (iv) Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets
      Provisions are recognised when a legal or constructive obligation arises as a result of an event that occurred before the balance sheet
      date, when a cash-outflow relating to this obligation is probable and when the amount can be estimated reliably.
      Where a material obligation exists, but the likelihood of a cash outflow or the amount is uncertain, or where there is a possible obligation
      arising from a past event that is contingent on a future event, a contingent liability is disclosed.
      Contingent assets are possible assets that arise from past events, whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or
      non-occurrence of future events. Where it is probable that a cash inflow will arise from a contingent asset, this is disclosed.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                               281




                                                                                                                               Company Overview



11b. Property and equipment


                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                           Improvements to                                              ROU Asset –
                                             short leasehold     Computer       Office     Furniture     Leasehold
                                                    buildings   equipment   equipment    and fittings     buildings    Total
                                                          £m          £m           £m             £m            £m       £m
Cost
At 1 January 2021                                      36.0         78.6         22.6          10.2         124.2     271.6
Additions                                               1.9          7.6          0.4           0.7           5.6      16.2




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Impairment                                             (0.2)           –         (0.7)         (0.6)        (17.8)    (19.3)
Disposals                                              (0.3)       (17.1)        (0.1)         (0.3)         (8.2)    (26.0)
Foreign exchange and other movements                   (0.4)        (0.2)        (0.3)         (0.1)         (0.5)     (1.5)
At 31 December 2021                                    37.0         68.9         21.9           9.9         103.3     241.0
Depreciation
At 1 January 2021                                      23.0         59.6         20.0            9.1          19.5    131.2
Charge for the year                                     3.9          8.2          0.9            0.4          10.2     23.6
Impairment                                             (0.2)           –         (0.7)          (0.6)            –     (1.5)




                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
Disposals                                              (0.2)       (10.4)        (0.1)          (0.3)         (3.8)   (14.8)
Foreign exchange and other movements                   (0.2)        (0.1)        (0.2)          (0.1)         (0.1)    (0.7)
At 31 December 2021                                    26.3         57.3         19.9            8.5          25.8    137.8
Net book amount
At 1 January 2021                                      13.0         19.0          2.6            1.1        104.7     140.4
Net book amount
At 31 December 2021                                    10.7         11.6          2.0            1.4          77.5    103.2




                                                                                                                               Additional Information
Cost
At 1 January 2022                                      37.0         68.9         21.9           9.9         103.3     241.0
Additions                                               1.7          7.0          0.6           0.7           1.3      11.3
Impairment                                                –            –            –             –          (1.3)     (1.3)
Disposals                                              (1.6)        (2.7)        (1.5)         (0.1)         (9.7)    (15.6)
Foreign exchange and other movements                    0.4          0.7          0.4           0.2           1.4       3.1
At 31 December 2022                                    37.5         73.9         21.4          10.7          95.0     238.5
Depreciation
At 1 January 2022                                      26.3         57.3         19.9            8.5         25.8     137.8
Charge for the year                                     3.2          5.5          0.8            0.6          8.1      18.2
Impairment                                                –            –            –              –         (0.7)     (0.7)
Disposals                                              (1.6)        (2.4)        (1.5)             –         (3.2)     (8.7)
Foreign exchange and other movements                    0.2          0.7          0.3            0.1          0.8       2.1
At 31 December 2022                                    28.1         61.1         19.5            9.2         30.8     148.7
Net book amount
At 31 December 2022                                     9.4         12.8          1.9           1.5          64.2      89.8




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
282   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      11. Other assets and other liabilities continued
      11c. Intangible assets
                                                                                                                            Deferred             Software –
                                                                                                                          acquisition             Internally            Software –
                                                                                                      Goodwill                  costs           generated*1                Other*1                     Total
                                                                                                          £m                      £m                    £m                    £m                         £m
      At 1 January 2021                                                                                   62.3                   27.3                  72.6                     4.5                  166.7
      Additions                                                                                              –                   69.4                  36.8                   21.8                   128.0
      Amortisation charge                                                                                    –                  (68.0)                (18.1)                   (1.2)                  (87.3)
      Disposals                                                                                              –                      –                     –                       –                       –
      Impairment                                                                                             –                      –                 (25.4)                      –                   (25.4)
      Foreign exchange movement                                                                              –                   (0.5)                 (1.5)                   (0.1)                   (2.1)
      At 31 December 2021                                                                                 62.3                   28.2                  64.4                   25.0                   179.9
      Additions                                                                                              –                   82.9                  83.4                     5.2                  171.5
      Amortisation charge                                                                                    –                  (81.0)                (18.3)                   (5.4)                (104.9)
      Disposals                                                                                              –                      –                     –                       –                       –
      Impairment                                                                                             –                      –                     –                       –                       –
      Foreign exchange movement and other                                                                    –                    0.6                   6.9                    (5.9)                    1.6
      At 31 December 2022                                                                                 62.3                  30.7                 136.4                    18.9                   248.3
      *1 Gross carrying amount and accumulated amortisation of internally generated software as at the end of 2022 are £173.7 million (2021: £119.7 million) and £37.3 million respectively
         (2021: £55.3 million). Gross carrying amount and accumulated amortisation of other software as at the end of 2022 are £91.5 million (2021: £55.9 million) and £72.6 million respectively
         (2021: £30.9 million). During the period, there are reclassifications on gross cost and accumulated depreciation between internally generated software and other software

      Goodwill relates to the acquisition of Group subsidiary EUI Limited (formerly Admiral Insurance Services Limited) in November 1999.
      As described in the accounting policies, the amortisation of this asset ceased on transition to IFRS on 1 January 2004. All annual
      impairment reviews since the transition date have indicated that the estimated recoverable value of the asset is greater than the
      carrying amount and therefore no impairment losses have been recognised.
      Internally generated software includes a new claims system implemented within the UK business during 2022 which has a net carrying
      amount of £33.4m as at 31 December 2022 and a remaining amortisation period of 4 years.
      Only one year of forecasts is required to support the recoverable value of goodwill above. Given the short time period used to support the
      recoverable amount, no terminal growth rate or discounting is applied.
      Refer to the accounting policy for goodwill for further information.
      An analysis of deferred acquisition costs is given in the table below:
                                                                                                                                                        Gross          Reinsurance                     Total
                                                                                                                                                          £m                   £m                       £m
      At 1 January 2021                                                                                                                                77.6                  (50.3)                    27.3
      Additions                                                                                                                                       181.4                 (112.0)                    69.4
      Amortisation                                                                                                                                   (180.6)                 112.6                    (68.0)
      Foreign exchange movement                                                                                                                         (1.5)                  1.0                     (0.5)
      At 31 December 2021                                                                                                                              76.9                  (48.7)                    28.2
      Additions                                                                                                                                       174.3                  (91.4)                   82.9
      Amortisation                                                                                                                                   (179.1)                  98.1                   (81.0)
      Foreign exchange movement                                                                                                                          0.6                     –                      0.6
      At 31 December 2022                                                                                                                              72.7                 (42.0)                    30.7




                                                                                                                                     Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                     283




                                                                                                                                                     Company Overview



11d. Trade and other payables


                                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
                                                                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                                                             £m              £m
Trade payables                                                                                                            30.0             39.8
Amounts owed to co-insurers                                                                                              109.5            161.9
Amounts owed to reinsurers                                                                                             1,513.7          1,274.9




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Other taxation and social security liabilities                                                                            90.2             71.7
Other payables                                                                                                            96.2            112.4
Accruals and deferred income (see below)                                                                                 318.4            299.3
Total trade and other payables                                                                                         2,158.0          1,960.0

Of amounts owed to reinsurers (recognised under IFRS 4), £1,389.4 million (2021: £1,169.8 million) is held under funds
withheld arrangements.
Analysis of accruals and deferred income:




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                                                             £m              £m
Premium received in advance of policy inception                                                                          136.6               117.4
Accrued expenses                                                                                                         114.7               117.5
Deferred income                                                                                                           67.1                64.4
Total accruals and deferred income as above                                                                              318.4               299.3




                                                                                                                                                     Additional Information
11e. Leases
The Group occupies various properties under leasing arrangements that are now recognised as right of use assets and lease liabilities.
A maturity analysis of lease liabilities based on contractual undiscounted cash flows is set out below:
                                                                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                                                             £m              £m
Maturity analysis – contractual undiscounted cash flows
Within one year                                                                                                           10.2                12.9
Between two to five years                                                                                                 35.0                41.8
Between five to ten years                                                                                                 26.8                32.7
Over ten years                                                                                                            30.9                35.4
Total                                                                                                                    102.9               122.8

Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position are as follows:
                                                                                                                    31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                                                             £m              £m
Lease liabilities
Current                                                                                                                    8.3                10.5
Non-Current                                                                                                               80.2                94.8
Total                                                                                                                     88.5               105.3

See note 11b for right of use assets depreciation and the carrying amount of right of use asset at the end of the reporting period.
Only one class of underlying assets is identified as leasehold buildings. Total cash outflows in relation to leases is disclosed under 6i.
The Group has no significant financial commitments other than those accounted for as right of use assets and lease liabilities
under IFRS 16.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
284   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      11. Other assets and other liabilities continued
      11f. Contingent liabilities
      The Group’s legal entities operate in numerous tax jurisdictions and on a regular basis are subject to review and enquiry by the relevant
      tax authority.
      One of the Group’s previously owned subsidiaries was subject to a Spanish Tax Audit which concluded with the Tax Authority denying the
      application of the VAT exemption relating to insurance intermediary services. The Company has appealed this decision via the Spanish
      Courts and is confident in defending its position which is, in its view, in line with the EU Directive and is also consistent with the way
      similar supplies are treated throughout Europe. Whilst the Company is no longer part of the Admiral Group, the contingent liability which
      the Company is exposed to has been indemnified by the Admiral Group up to a cap of £22 million.
      The Group is also in discussions with some of the tax authorities in the other countries in which it operates. To date these discussions
      have focused primarily on the transfer pricing and cross-border arrangements in place between the Group’s intermediaries and insurers.
      No material provision has been made in these financial statements in relation to the matters noted above.
      The Group is, from time to time, subject to threatened or actual litigation and/or legal and/or regulatory disputes, investigations or
      similar actions both in the UK and overseas. All potentially material matters are assessed, with the assistance of external advisers if
      appropriate, and in cases where it is concluded that it is more likely than not that a payment will be made, a provision is established
      to reflect the best estimate of the liability. In some cases it will not be possible to form a view, for example if the facts are unclear or
      because further time is needed to properly assess the merits of the case. No provisions are held in relation to such matters. In these
      circumstances, specific disclosure of a contingent liability will be made where material.
      The Directors do not consider that the final outcome of any such current case will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial
      position, operations or cash flows, and no material provisions are currently held in relation to such matters.
      A number of the Group’s contractual arrangements with reinsurers include features that, in certain scenarios, allow for reinsurers to
      recover losses incurred to date. The overall impact of such scenarios would not lead to an overall net economic outflow from the Group.
      12. Share capital
      The Group’s capital includes share capital and the share premium account, other reserves which are comprised of the fair value reserve,
      hedging reserve and foreign exchange reserve, and retained earnings.
      12a. Accounting policies
      (i) Share capital
      Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets.
      (ii) Dividends
      Dividends are recorded in the period in which they are declared and paid.
      (iii) Earnings per share
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the Group parent company, Admiral Group
      plc by the weighted average number of ordinary shares during the period.
      Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit or loss attributable to equity holders of the Group parent company by the
      weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
      12b. Dividends
      Dividends were proposed, approved and paid as follows.
                                                                                                                           31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                                                                    £m              £m
      Proposed March 2021 (86.0 pence per share approved April 2021 and paid June 2021)                                             –            250.8
      Declared August 2021 (161.0 pence per share paid October 2021)                                                                –            470.1
      Proposed March 2022 (118.0 pence per share, approved April 2022 and paid June 2022)                                       348.1                –
      Declared August 2022 (105.0 pence per share, paid October 2022)                                                           310.2                –
      Total dividends                                                                                                           658.3            720.9

      The dividends proposed in March (approved in April) represent the final dividends paid in respect of the 2020 and 2021 financial years.
      The dividends declared in August are interim distributions in respect of 2021 and 2022.
      A 2022 final dividend of 52.0 pence per share (approximately £155.0 million) has been proposed. Refer to the Chair’s Statement and
      financial narrative for further detail.



                                                                                                   Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                            285




                                                                                                                                            Company Overview



12c. Earnings per share


                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
                                                                                                               31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                                                                        £m            £m
Profit for the financial year after taxation attributable to equity shareholders – continuing operations           373.0           585.0
Profit for the financial year after taxation attributable to equity shareholders – discontinued operations             –           412.9
Profit for the financial year after taxation attributable to equity shareholders – continuing and




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
discontinued operations                                                                                            373.0           997.9
Weighted average number of shares – basic                                                                    300,207,330     297,480,041
Unadjusted earnings per share – basic – continuing operations                                                     124.3p          196.7p
Unadjusted earnings per share – basic – discontinued operations                                                        –          138.8p
Unadjusted earnings per share – basic – continuing and discontinued operations                                    124.3p          335.5p
Weighted average number of shares – diluted                                                                  301,543,390     298,351,248
Unadjusted earnings per share – diluted – continuing operations                                                   123.7p          196.1p
Unadjusted earnings per share – diluted – discontinued operations                                                      –          138.4p




                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
Unadjusted earnings per share – diluted – continuing and discontinued operations                                  123.7p          334.5p

The difference between the basic and diluted number of shares at the end of 2022 (being 1,336,060 2021: 871,207) relates to awards
committed, but not yet issued under the Group’s share schemes. Refer to note 9 for further detail.
12d. Share capital
                                                                                                               31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                                                                        £m            £m
Authorised




                                                                                                                                            Additional Information
500,000,000 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence                                                                              0.5            0.5
Issued, called up and fully paid
302,837,726 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence                                                                              0.3              –
299,554,720 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence                                                                                –            0.3
                                                                                                                      0.3            0.3

During 2022, 3,283,006 (2021: 2,862,657) new ordinary shares of 0.1 pence were issued to the trusts administering the Group’s
share schemes.
675,927 (2021: 632,657) of these were issued to the Admiral Group Share Incentive Plan Trust for the purposes of this share scheme
resulting in cumulative shares issued to the Trust at 31 December 2022 of 13,693,299 (31 December 2021: 13,017,372). Of the shares
issued, 3,851,967 remain in the Trust at 31 December 2022 (2021: 4,078,496). These shares are entitled to receive dividends.
2,607,079 (2021: 2,230,000) shares were issued to the Admiral Group Employee Benefit Trust for the purposes of the Discretionary
Free Share Scheme resulting in cumulative shares issued to the Trust of 30,549,027 (31 December 2021: 27,941,948). Of the shares
issued 5,111,601 remain in the Trust at 31 December 2022 (2021: 4,767,112) to be used for future vesting, the remaining issued shares
having vested.
The balance of awards made to employees under the Discretionary Free Share Scheme that have not either vested or lapsed is 8,302,363
(2021: 7,981,132).
The Trustees have waived the right to dividend payments, other than to the extent of 0.001 pence per share, unless and to the extent
otherwise directed by the Company from time to time.
There is one class of share with no unusual restrictions.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
286   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      12. Share capital continued
      12e. Objectives, policies and procedures for managing capital
      The Group’s capital management policy defines the Board oversight, risk appetite and tier structure of the Group’s capital in addition to
      management actions that may be taken in respect of capital, such as dividend payments.
      The Group aims to operate a capital-efficient business model by transferring a significant proportion of underwriting risk to co-insurance
      and reinsurance partners. This in turn reduces the amount of capital the Group needs to retain to operate and grow and allows the Group
      to distribute the majority of its earnings as dividends.
      The Board has determined that it will hold capital as follows:
      • Sufficient Solvency II Own Funds to meet all of the Group’s Solvency II capital requirements (over a 1 year and ultimate time horizon)
      • An additional contingency to cover unforeseen events and losses that could realistically arise. This risk appetite buffer is assessed via
        stress testing performed on an annual basis and is calibrated in relation to the one-year regulatory SCR
      The Group’s current risk appetite buffer is 30% above the regulatory SCR. This forms the lower bound of the longer-term solvency target
      operating range of 130% to 150%.
      The Group’s dividend policy is to:
      • Pay a normal dividend equal to 65% of post-tax profits for the period
      • Pay a special dividend calculated with reference to distributable reserves and surplus capital held above the risk appetite buffer
      This policy gives the Directors flexibility in managing the Group’s capital.
      As noted above, the Group’s regulatory capital position is calculated under the Solvency II Framework. The Solvency Capital Requirement
      (SCR) is based on the Solvency II Standard Formula, with a capital-add-on to reflect limitations in the Standard Formula with respect to
      Admiral’s risk profile (predominately in respect of profit commission arrangements in co-and reinsurance agreements and risks relating to
      Periodic Payment Order (PPO) claims).
      Solvency ratio (unaudited)
      At the date of this report, the Group’s regulatory solvency ratio, calculated using a capital add-on that has not been subject to regulatory
      approval, is 180% (2021: 195%). This includes the recognition of the 2022 final dividend of 52 pence per share (2021: 118 pence
      per share).
      The Group’s 2022 Solvency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR) will, when published, disclose a solvency ratio that is calculated at
      the balance sheet date rather than annual report date, using the capital add-on that was most recently subject to regulatory approval.
      The estimated and unaudited SFCR solvency ratio is 150%, with the reconciliation between this ratio and the 180% noted above being
      as follows:
                                                                                                                       31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                                                                                £m              £m
      Regulatory Solvency ratio (Unaudited)
      Solvency Ratio reported in the Annual Report                                                                          180%             195%
      Change in valuation date                                                                                              (11%)             (5%)
      Other (including impact of updated, unapproved capital add-on)                                                        (19%)             (9%)
      Solvency Ratio to be reported in the SFCR                                                                             150%             181%

      The Group has complied with its regulatory capital requirements throughout the period.
      Subsidiaries
      The Group manages the capital of its subsidiaries to ensure that all entities within the Group are able to continue as going concerns and
      also to ensure that regulated entities meet regulatory requirements with an appropriate risk appetite buffer. Excess capital above these
      levels within subsidiaries is paid up to the Group holding company in the form of dividends on a regular basis.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 287




                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



12f. Group related undertakings


                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
The parent company’s subsidiaries are as follows:
                                                                                  Class of
Subsidiary                                                                        shares held       % ownership             Principal Activity
Incorporated in England and Wales
Registered office: Ty Admiral, David Street, Cardiff, United Kingdom, CF10 2EH
  Admiral Law Limited                                                             Ordinary                   95            Legal company




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Registered office: Ty Admiral, David Street, Cardiff, United Kingdom, CF10 2EH
  Able Insurance Services Limited                                                 Ordinary                 100     Insurance Intermediary
Registered office: Ty Admiral, David Street, Cardiff, United Kingdom, CF10 2EH
  EUI Limited*2                                                                   Ordinary                 100     Insurance Intermediary
  Admiral Insurance Company Limited                                               Ordinary                 100         Insurance company
  Admiral Life Limited                                                            Ordinary                 100                 Dormant*1
  Admiral Syndicate Limited                                                       Ordinary                 100                 Dormant*1




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
  Admiral Syndicate Management Limited                                            Ordinary                 100                 Dormant*1
  Bell Direct Limited                                                             Ordinary                 100                 Dormant*1
  Diamond Motor Insurance Services Limited                                        Ordinary                 100                 Dormant*1
  Elephant Insurance Services Limited                                             Ordinary                 100                 Dormant*1
  Admiral Financial Services Limited                                              Ordinary                 100 Financial services company

Incorporated in Gibraltar
Registered office: 2Aa 2nd Floor, Leisure Island Business Centre, 23 Ocean Village




                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
Promenade, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA
  Admiral Insurance (Gibraltar) Limited                                            Ordinary                100         Insurance company

Incorporated in France
Registered office: 4 Rue Marceau 92300 Levallois Perret
  Pioneer Intermediary Europe Services                                            Ordinary       100 (indirect)    Insurance intermediary

Incorporated in Italy
Registered office: Via Della Bufalotta 374, Romat
  Admiral Financial Services Italia S.P.A.                                        Ordinary                 100 Financial services company

Incorporated in Spain
Registered office: Calle Rodríguez Marín 61 1ª Planta, 28016 Madrid
  Admiral Europe Compañía de Seguros, S.A.                                        Ordinary                 100         Insurance company
Registered office: Calle Albert Einstein, 10 41092 Sevilla
  Admiral Intermediary Services S.A.*3                                            Ordinary                 100     Insurance Intermediary

Incorporated in the United States of America
Registered office: Deep Run 1; Suite 400, 9950 Mayland Drive, Henrico, VA 23233
  Elephant Insurance Company                                                    Ordinary         100 (indirect)        Insurance company
  Grove General Agency Inc                                                      Ordinary         100 (indirect)    Insurance intermediary
  Platinum General Agency Inc                                                   Ordinary         100 (indirect)    Insurance intermediary
Registered office: Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street,
Wilmington, Delaware 19801
  Elephant Insurance Services LLC                                               Ordinary         100 (indirect)    Insurance intermediary
  Elephant Holding Company LLC                                                  Ordinary                   100           Holding company
Registered office: 6802 Paragon Place Suite 410 Richmond, VA 23230
  compare.com Insurance Agency LLC                                              Ordinary        70.98 (indirect)          Internet-based
                                                                                                                         Comparison Site
  Inspop USA LLC                                                                  Ordinary                70.98         Holding company

Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
288   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      12. Share capital continued
                                                                                        Class of
      Subsidiary                                                                        shares held      % ownership                Principal Activity
      Subsidiaries by virtue of control
      The related undertakings below are subsidiaries in accordance with IFRS 10,
      as Admiral can exercise dominant influence or control over them:
      Registered office: 10th Floor, 5 Churchill Place, London E14 5HU
        Seren One Limited                                                               n/a                          0     Special purpose entity
        Seren Two Limited                                                               n/a                          0     Special purpose entity

      Associates
      Registered office: Tramshed Tech, Pendyris Street, Cardiff, Wales, CF11 6BH
      Wagonex Limited                                                                   Ordinary              23.56                Internet-based
                                                                                                          (indirect)        Subscription Platform
      *1 Exempt from audit under S480 of Companies Act 2006
      *2 EUI Limited has branches in India and Canada
      *3 Admiral Intermediary Services S.A. has branches in Italy and France

      For further information on how the Group conducts its business across the UK, Europe and the US, refer to the Strategic Report.
      12g. Related party transactions
      The Board considers that only the Executive and Non-Executive Directors of Admiral Group plc are key management personnel.
      A summary of the remuneration of key management personnel is as follows, with further detail relating to the remuneration and
      shareholdings of key management personnel set out in the Directors’ Remuneration Report.
      Key management personnel received short term employee benefits in the year of £3,058,170 (2021: £3,077,686), post-employment benefits
      of £30,000 (2021: £30,643) and share based payments of £1,561,768 (2021: £2,149,734). Key management personnel are able to obtain
      discounted motor insurance at the same rates as all other Group staff, typically at a reduction of 15%.
      12h. Post balance sheet events
      No events have occurred since the reporting date that materially impact these financial statements.
      On 4 March 2023, the Group reached an agreement with Insurify, Inc. (“Insurify”) whereby, Insurify will purchase 100% of the shares of
      Inspop USA, LLC (“Compare”) from the Group and Compare’s minority shareholders, in return for a minority shareholding in Insurify.
      The total transaction value, including amounts attributable to minority shareholders is immaterial based on an assessment of the fair
      value of shares in Insurify and related options to be received as consideration, as at the date of the agreement. The Group will not receive
      any cash consideration. As at 31 December 2022, the net assets of Compare and the carrying value of the Group parent company’s
      investment in Compare net of impairment provisions, were both £nil.
      The transaction is expected to complete during the first half of 2023 and is subject to regulatory approval.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                    289




                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



13. Discontinued Operations


                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
13a. Accounting policy
Disposal groups are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a
sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. A discontinued operation is a component of
the business that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a separate major line of business or is part of a single
co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business.
The assets and liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented separately from the other assets and liabilities in the




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Statement of Financial Position. The results of discontinued operations are presented separately in the Statement of Comprehensive
Income. The result comprises the profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations and other comprehensive income attributable to
discontinued operations.
13b. Description
On the 29 December 2020, the Group announced that it had reached an agreement with ZPG Comparison Services Holdings UK Limited
(“RVU”) that RVU would purchase the Penguin Portals Group (“Penguin Portals”, comprising online comparison portals Confused.
com, Rastreator.com and LeLynx.fr and the Group’s technology operation Admiral Technologies) and its 50% share of Preminen Price
Comparison Holdings Limited (“Preminen”). MAPFRE would also sell its 25% holding in Rastreator and 50% holding in Preminen as part of




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
the transaction.
Management considered these entities to meet the definition of a disposal group as set out under IFRS 5 above. The disposal group is
included within the “Discontinued (comparison)” operating segment as stated in note 4.
On the 30 April 2021, the Group announced that, following regulatory and competition authority approvals, RVU had completed the
purchase of the Penguin Portals Group and acquired Admiral’s 50% share of Preminen. MAPFRE also sold its 25% holding in Rastreator
and 50% holding in Preminen to RVU. The total transaction value was settled in cash on completion.
13c. Financial performance and cash flow information




                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
Financial information relating to the discontinued operations for the financial year ending 31 December 2021 are presented below.
The results for the financial year ending 31 December 2021 relates to the profit earned prior to completion on 30 April 2021, and the
gain recognised on disposal.
                                                                                                           Gross      Eliminations           Net
                                                                                                             £m                £m            £m
Revenue (Other Revenue)                                                                                   67.2               (7.6)         59.6
Interest Income                                                                                              –                  –             –
Net Revenue                                                                                               67.2               (7.6)         59.6
Operating expenses and share scheme charges                                                              (55.8)               7.6         (48.2)
Operating profit                                                                                          11.4                  –          11.4
Finance costs                                                                                             (0.1)                 –          (0.1)
Gain on disposal sale of Comparison entities held for sale                                               404.4                  –         404.4
Profit before tax from discontinued operations                                                           415.7                  –         415.7
Taxation expense                                                                                          (2.3)                 –          (2.3)
Profit after tax from discontinued operations                                                            413.4                  –         413.4

Due to the availability of certain tax reliefs on the gain of the comparison businesses sold, the effective tax rate for 2021 for discontinued
operations is lower than the current standard corporate tax rate.
Operating expenses and share scheme charges include £0.5 million of share scheme expenses that are not included in the segmental
result in note 4. The net cash flows incurred by the disposal group are as follows:
                                                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                                                                             £m
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                                                   10.6
Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                                                                                (0.2)
Net cash (outflow) from financing activities                                                                                               (22.6)
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from discontinued operations                                                                                     (12.2)




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
290   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      13. Discontinued Operations continued
      13d. Assets disposed of
      Consideration received consisted of cash only and was received at the point of completion. The total consideration received by the
      Group in cash was £471.8 million. This excludes any costs incurred by the Group in relation to the sale. The total gain on disposal was
      £404.4 million.
      The carrying amount of assets and liabilities as at the date of sale (30 April 2021) are outlined below. All assets previously held for sale
      have been disposed of as at 31 December 2021 and as at 31 December 2022.
                                                                                                                                           30 April 2021
                                                                                                                                 Note                £m
      Assets
      Property and equipment                                                                                                     11b               5.4
      Intangible assets                                                                                                          11c               1.1
      Deferred tax asset                                                                                                         10c               4.2
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                 41.9
      Corporation tax asset                                                                                                                        0.2
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                   41.3
      Assets associated with disposal group held for sale                                                                                         94.1

      Liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                                                                                    33.3
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                                            3.6
      Corporation tax liability                                                                                                                      –
      Liabilities directly associated with disposal group held for sale                                                                           36.9

      13e. Gain on disposal

                                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                                 2021
                                                                                                                                                  £m
      Gross sales proceeds                                                                                                                      508.1
      Accrued sale proceeds less dividends received prior to disposal and costs to sell recharged from purchaser                                 (7.4)
      Non-controlling interest share of sales proceeds                                                                                          (28.9)
      Total Admiral Group cash received (note 13c)                                                                                              471.8
      Costs to sell incurred by seller, out of proceeds                                                                                         (17.6)
      Proceeds to Admiral, net of minority interests and transaction costs                                                                      454.2
      Assets held for sale (note 13d)                                                                                                           (57.2)
      Non-controlling interest share of assets held for sale                                                                                      6.6
      Other adjustments                                                                                                                           0.8
      Gain on disposal of comparison entities held for sale                                                                                     404.4




                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                      291




                                                                                                                                                                                      Company Overview



14. Reconciliations


                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
The following tables reconcile significant key performance indicators and non-GAAP measures included in the Strategic Report to items
included in the financial statements.
14a. Reconciliation of continuing operations turnover to reported gross premiums written and other revenue as per
the financial statements
                                                                                                                                                         31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                                                                2022           2021




                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                                                                  £m            £m
Gross premiums written after co-insurance per note 5b of financial statements                                                                              2,849.7         2,513.6
Premiums underwritten through co-insurance arrangements                                                                                                      393.4           585.1
Total premiums written                                                                                                                                     3,243.1         3,098.7
Other Revenue *1                                                                                                                                             318.8           314.8
Admiral Loans interest income                                                                                                                                 58.7            36.6
                                                                                                                                                           3,620.6         3,450.1
Other*2                                                                                                                                                       60.0            57.2




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
Turnover as per note 4b of financial statements*1                                                                                                          3,680.6         3,507.3
Intra-group income elimination*3                                                                                                                               0.3             0.2
Total turnover – continuing operations *1                                                                                                                  3,680.9         3,507.5
*1 Continuing operations
*2 Other reconciling items represent co-insurer and reinsurer shares of Other Revenue in the Group’s Insurance businesses outside of UK Car Insurance
*3 Intra-group income elimination relates to comparison income earned in the Group from other Group companies

14b. Reconciliation of claims incurred to reported loss ratios, excluding releases on commuted reinsurance




                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional Information
                                                                                              UK Motor               UK Home                  Int. Ins         Other         Group
December 2022                                                                                      £m                     £m                      £m             £m            £m
Net insurance claims (note 5)                                                                   159.8                    51.8                220.3             74.2         506.1
Deduct claims handling costs                                                                     (12.0)                  (1.7)                (14.3)            (1.2)        (29.2)
Prior year release/strengthening – net original share                                           124.0                     1.1                  15.8              3.7        144.6
Prior year release/strengthening – commuted share                                               189.1                     0.5                     –                –        189.6
Impact of reinsurer caps                                                                             –                      –                 (10.5)               –         (10.5)
Impact of weather events                                                                             –                  (17.8)                    –                –         (17.8)
Attritional current period claims                                                               460.9                   33.9                 211.3             76.7         782.8

Net insurance premium revenue                                                                   471.0                    55.6                241.8           142.6          911.0

Loss ratio – current period attritional                                                         97.8%                  61.1%                 87.4%                –         85.9%
Loss ratio – current period weather events                                                          –                  32.0%                     –                –          2.0%
Loss ratio – prior year release/strengthening
(net original share)                                                                           (26.3%)                 (1.9%)                 (6.5%)              –        (15.9%)

Loss ratio – reported                                                                          71.5%                  91.2%                 80.9%                 –        72.0%




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
292   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      14. Reconciliations continued
                                                                                                   UK Motor              UK Home                   Int. Ins               Other                 Group
      December 2021                                                                                     £m                    £m                       £m                   £m                    £m
      Net insurance claims (note 5)                                                                    86.1                   31.8                170.8                   43.6                 332.3
      Deduct claims handling costs                                                                    (12.1)                  (1.4)                (8.9)                  (0.5)                (22.9)
      Prior year release/strengthening – net original share                                           128.1                    1.8                 16.4                    2.2                 148.5
      Prior year release/strengthening – commuted share                                               189.2                    0.7                    –                      –                 189.9
      Impact of reinsurer caps                                                                            –                      –                  1.0                      –                   1.0
      Impact of weather events                                                                            –                   (1.1)                   –                      –                  (1.1)
      Attritional current period claims                                                               391.3                   31.8                179.3                   45.3                 647.7

      Net insurance premium revenue                                                                   496.5                   49.1                221.0                   88.4                 855.0

      Loss ratio – current period attritional                                                        78.8%                 64.8%                 81.1%                         –              75.8%
      Loss ratio – current period weather events                                                         –                  2.2%                     –                         –               0.1%
      Loss ratio – prior year release/strengthening (net original
      share)                                                                                        (25.8%)                 (3.7%)                (7.4%)                       –             (17.4%)

      Loss ratio – reported                                                                          53.0%                 63.3%                 73.7%                         –              58.5%

      14c. Reconciliation of expenses related to insurance contracts to reported expense ratios
                                                                                                   UK Motor              UK Home                  Int. Ins                Other                 Group
      December 2022                                                                                     £m                    £m                      £m                    £m                    £m
      Net insurance expenses (note 9)                                                                125.7                   17.0                 114.8                   40.1                297.6
      Claims handling costs                                                                            12.0                   1.7                   14.3                   1.2                  29.2
      Intra-group expenses elimination*1                                                                  –                     –                    0.3                     –                   0.3
      Impact of co- and reinsurers recoveries*2                                                       (35.6)                    –                  (21.7)                    –                 (57.3)
      Net IFRS 16 finance costs                                                                         0.4                     –                      –                     –                   0.4
      Adjusted net insurance expenses                                                                102.5                   18.7                 107.7                   41.3                270.2

      Net insurance premium revenue                                                                  471.0                   55.6                 241.8                 142.6                 911.0

      Expense ratio – reported                                                                      21.8%                 33.5%                 44.5%                          –             29.7%
                                                                                                   UK Motor              UK Home                   Int. Ins               Other                 Group
      December 2021                                                                                     £m                    £m                       £m                   £m                    £m
      Net insurance expenses (note 9)                                                                 136.7                   17.9                  91.3                  16.8                 262.7
      Restructure Costs*3                                                                             (41.6)                  (4.4)                    –                     –                 (46.0)
      Claims handling costs                                                                            12.1                    1.4                   8.9                   0.5                  22.9
      Intra-group expenses elimination*1                                                                  –                      –                   0.3                     –                   0.3
      Impact of reinsurer caps                                                                        (10.1)                     –                  (1.7)                    –                 (11.8)
      Net IFRS 16 finance costs                                                                         0.5                      –                   0.1                     –                   0.6
      Adjusted net insurance expenses                                                                  97.6                   14.9                  98.9                  17.3                 228.7

      Net insurance premium revenue                                                                   496.5                   49.1                221.0                   88.4                 855.0

      Expense ratio – reported                                                                       19.7%                 30.3%                 44.8%                         –              26.7%
      *1 The intra-group expenses elimination amount relates to aggregator fees charges by the Group’s comparison business, Compare.com to other Group companies: given the re-presentation of other
         comparison businesses to discontinued operations, those expenses are now included in net insurance expenses in note 9, as acquisition costs
      *2 Impact of co- and reinsurers recoveries relates to the impact of reinsurer caps and ceding commissions
      *3 For the year ended 31 December 2021, restructure costs of £8.0 million relate to ancillary costs. Total restructure costs incurred for the year ended 31 December 2021 within UK insurance are
         £54.0 million




                                                                                                                                  Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                       293




Parent Company Financial Statements
                                                                                                       Company Overview



Parent Company Income Statement


                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                                                            Year ended
                                                                      31 December        31 December
                                                                             2022               2021
                                                               Note            £m                £m
Administrative expenses                                          2        (26.3)              (19.7)
Operating loss                                                            (26.3)              (19.7)




                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Investment and interest income                                   3        320.1               630.4
Impairment expense                                               4        (37.0)              (16.0)
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                              –               445.2
Interest payable                                                 6        (12.0)              (11.3)
Profit before tax                                                         244.8             1,028.6
Taxation credit                                                  7          5.7                 3.3
Profit after tax                                                          250.5             1,031.9




                                                                                                       Financial Statements
Parent Company Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                            Year ended
                                                                      31 December        31 December
                                                                             2022               2021
                                                                               £m                £m
Profit for the period                                                     250.5             1,031.9
Other comprehensive income
Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss




                                                                                                       Additional Information
Movements in fair value reserve                                           (20.9)              (10.1)
Deferred tax in relation to movement in fair value reserve       7          5.2                 0.8
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of income tax              (15.7)               (9.3)
Total comprehensive income for the period                                 234.8             1,022.6




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
294   Financial Statements




      Parent company financial statements
      continued

      Parent Company Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                             As at
                                                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                         Note             £m                 £m
      ASSETS
      Investments in group undertakings                                                                    4          421.6               315.1
      Intangible assets                                                                                    5            0.4                 0.4
      Financial investments                                                                                6          167.5               557.0
      Corporation tax asset                                                                                7            4.6                 3.5
      Deferred tax asset                                                                                   7            0.9                   –
      Trade and other receivables                                                                          8          184.5               187.1
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            6            3.5                11.2
      Total assets                                                                                                    783.0             1,074.3
      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                                       10             0.3                0.3
      Share premium account                                                                                            13.1                13.1
      Fair value reserve                                                                                  10           (1.6)               14.1
      Retained earnings                                                                                                96.7               447.3
      Total equity                                                                                                    108.5               474.8
      LIABILITIES
      Subordinated and other financial liabilities                                                         6          224.4               224.3
      Deferred tax                                                                                         7              –                 4.3
      Trade and other payables                                                                             9          450.1               370.9
      Total liabilities                                                                                               674.5               599.5
      Total equity and total liabilities                                                                              783.0             1,074.3

      The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.
      These financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 7 March 2023 and were signed on its behalf by:




      Geraint Jones
      Chief Financial Officer
      Admiral Group plc
      Company Number: 03849958




                                                                                            Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                         295




                                                                                                                         Company Overview



Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity


                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
                                                            Share    Share premium    Fair value   Retained      Total
                                                           capital          account     reserve    earnings     equity
                                                    Note      £m                £m           £m         £m         £m
At 1 January 2021                                            0.3             13.1         23.4        73.0      109.8
Profit for the period                                          –                –            –     1,031.9    1,031.9
Other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Movements in fair value reserve                                 –                –       (10.1)          –      (10.1)
Deferred tax charge in relation to
movements in fair value reserve                       7         –                –         0.8           –        0.8
Total comprehensive income/(expense)
for the period                                                  –                –        (9.3)    1,031.9    1,022.6
Transactions with equity holders
Dividends                                            10        –                –            –     (720.9)    (720.9)
Issues of share capital                              10        –                –            –          –          –




                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
Share scheme credit                                            –                –            –       63.1       63.1
Deferred tax on share scheme credit                            –                –            –        0.2        0.2
Total transactions with equity holders                         –                –            –     (657.6)    (657.6)
As at 31 December 2021                                       0.3             13.1         14.1      447.3      474.8
At 1 January 2022                                            0.3             13.1         14.1      447.3      474.8
Profit for the period                                          –                –            –      250.5      250.5
Other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                         Additional Information
Movements in fair value reserve                                 –                –       (20.9)          –      (20.9)
Deferred tax charge in relation to
movements in fair value reserve                       7         –                –         5.2           –        5.2
Total comprehensive income
for the period                                                  –                –       (15.7)     250.5      234.8
Transactions with equity holders
Dividends                                            10        –                –            –     (658.3)    (658.3)
Issues of share capital                              10        –                –            –           –         –
Share scheme credit                                            –                –            –       57.3       57.3
Deferred tax on share scheme credit                            –                –            –        (0.1)     (0.1)
Total transactions with equity holders                         –                –            –     (601.1)    (601.1)
As at 31 December 2022                                       0.3             13.1        (1.6)       96.7      108.5




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
296   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      1. Accounting policies
      1.1 Basis of preparation
      These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (FRS 101).
      The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis except for the revaluation of financial assets classified as fair value through
      the profit or loss or as fair value through other comprehensive income. The parent company financial statements are presented alongside
      the consolidated financial statements which can be found on page 293.
      In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of International
      Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“Adopted IFRSs”) but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with
      Companies Act 2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.
      Admiral Group plc is considered to be the parent entity and the ultimate parent company of the Group.
      1.2 Changes to accounting policies
      No changes to accounting policies have been made in the period which have a material impact.
      1.3 Disclosure exemptions applied under FRS 101
      The Company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions under FRS 101:
      • FRS 101.8 (a): the requirements of paragraph 45(b) and 46 to 52 of IFRS 2 Share-based payment
      • FRS 101.8 (d): the requirement of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosure to make disclosures about financial instruments
      • FRS 101.8 (f): the requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements to present comparative information in
        respect of:
        – paragraph 118(3) of IAS 38 Intangible Assets
      • FRS 101.8 (g): the requirements of paragraphs 10(d), 10(f), 16, 38A, 38B, 38C, 38D, 40A, 40B, 40C, 40D and 111 of IAS 1 Presentation of
        Financial Statements to produce a cash flow statement, a third balance sheet and to make an explicit and unreserved statement of
        compliance with IFRSs
      • FRS 101.8 (h): the requirements of IAS 7 Statements of Cash Flows to produce a cash flow statement
      • FRS 101.8 (i): the requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors to
        include a list of new IFRSs that have been issued but that have yet to be applied
      • FRS 101.8 (k): the requirements in IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or
        more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to transaction is wholly owned by such a member
      The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these
      financial statements.
      1.4 Going concern
      The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. In considering the appropriateness of this assumption, the Board
      have reviewed the Company’s projections for the next twelve months and beyond, including cash flow forecasts and regulatory
      capital surpluses.
      The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the
      foreseeable future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the annual financial statements.
      1.5 Critical accounting judgements and key source of estimation uncertainty
      In applying the Company’s accounting policies as described below, management consider there to be a key source of estimation
      uncertainty within the impairment testing of the Company’s investments in group undertakings. Management recognises the estimation
      involved in determining whether the carrying value of the investment may be supported by the recoverable amount calculation based on
      the ‘value in use’ of the asset (the net present value of future cash-flows arising from the asset).
      In calculating the net present value of future cash-flows, Management has made assumptions over the timing and amount of underlying
      profit projections of the relevant undertakings, long term growth rates in those projections and the discount rate applied to these
      projections that is appropriate to reflect the market’s view of the risk of the relevant investment. Sensitivity of these assumptions is also
      considered in calculating the net present value and suitably incorporated in Management’s valuations.
      No key accounting judgements have been made in the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies.




                                                                                                   Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                              297




                                                                                                                                              Company Overview



1.6 Shares in Group undertakings


                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
Shares in Group undertakings are valued at cost less any provision for impairment in value.
The requirements of IAS 36 are applied to determine whether it is necessary to recognise any impairment loss with respect to the
Company’s investments in subsidiaries. When necessary, the entire carrying amount of the investment is tested for impairment in
accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of Assets as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value
less costs of disposal) with it’s carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount of the investment.
Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
subsequently increases. See note 4 to these financial statements for further detail.
1.7 Employee share schemes
The Company operates a number of share schemes for employees of the Group’s subsidiaries. For equity settled schemes, the fair value
of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of free shares under the schemes is recognised as an increase in equity in the
Company. A corresponding intercompany charge is made to the subsidiaries whose employees receive the free shares. For further detail,
see note 9 in the consolidated financial statements.
1.8 Taxation
The charge for taxation is based on the profit for the year and takes into account taxation deferred because of timing differences




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
between the treatment of certain items for taxation and accounting purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that they are regarded as recoverable. They are regarded as recoverable to the extent
that, on the basis of all available evidence, it can be regarded as more likely than not that there will be sufficient taxable profits from
which the future reversal of the underlying timing differences can be deducted.
1.9 Financial assets and financial liabilities
Under IFRS 9, classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets depend on:
• The Company’s business model for managing the asset; and




                                                                                                                                              Additional Information
• The cash flow characteristics of the asset
Based on these factors, the Company classifies its financial assets into one of the three categories below:
• Amortised cost: assets held for collection of contractual cash flows where the cash flows represent solely payments of principal and
  interest, that are not designated as FVTPL
• Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI): Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and
  selling the assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, and that are not designated
  at FVTPL
• Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL): Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI, or which are designated as
  FVTPL at initial recognition
In line with the above:
• Gilts and other debt securities are measured at FVOCI. Unrealised changes in the fair value of these assets are recognised in Other
  Comprehensive Income (OCI). The recognition of impairment gains or losses and interest revenue are recognised in the profit or loss
• Investments measured at FVTPL are primarily money market funds. Interest income is recognised in the Income statement
The expected credit loss model is used to calculate any impairment to be recognised for all assets measured at amortised cost, as well as
financial investments measured at FVOCI. Impairment is measured using the simplified approach. Most of the investments held at AICL at
amortised costs and FVOCI are of investment grade.
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks. All cash and cash equivalents are measured at
amortised cost.
The Company’s financial liabilities comprise of subordinated notes which are held at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
1.10 Intangible Assets
Purchased software licences are classified as an intangible asset and stated in the balance sheet at a cost less accumulated amortisation.
Software is amortised from the point at which the asset is operational and is amortised over the licence period.
1.11 Trade and other receivables
Trade and other receivables are measured at amortised cost, less any impairment.
1.12 Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are measured at amortised cost.



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
298   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      2. Administrative expenses
      Included within administrative expenses are re-charges of £6.1 million (2021: £4.2 million) relating to employees within the Group who
      perform services on behalf of the Company. No staff are directly employed by the Company.
      3. Investment and interest income
                                                                                                                            31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                                   2022            2021
                                                                                                                                     £m             £m
      Dividend income from subsidiary undertakings                                                                               310.0           626.0
      Interest income – other                                                                                                      1.3             0.3
      Interest income at effective interest rate                                                                                   8.8             4.1
      Total investment and interest income                                                                                       320.1           630.4

      4. Investments in Group undertakings
                                                                                                                                                      £m
      Investments in subsidiary undertakings:
      At 1 January 2021                                                                                                                         327.31
      Additions                                                                                                                                    13.0
      Disposals                                                                                                                                    (9.2)
      Impairment                                                                                                                                  (16.0)
      At 31 December 2021                                                                                                                       315.1
      Additions                                                                                                                                 143.5
      Disposals                                                                                                                                       –
      Impairment                                                                                                                                 (37.0)
      At 31 December 2022                                                                                                                       421.6
      1 Of this amount, £9.2 million relates to Assets held for sale. See note 11 for further detail

      A full list of the Company’s subsidiaries is disclosed in note 12 of the consolidated financial statements.
      The additions to investments in the period of £143.5 million relate to the following:
      • Further investment in Elephant Insurance Company (‘Elephant’) (£65.7 million);
      • Further investment in Admiral Europe Compañía de Seguros (‘AECS’) (£34.3 million);
      • Further investment in Able Insurance Services Limited (‘Able’) (£5.0 million);
      • Further investment in Admiral Insurance (Gibraltar) Limited (‘AIGL’) (£30.0 million);
      • Initial investment in and a further capital contribution in Admiral Financial Services Italia S.P.A (‘AFSI’) (£5.0m and £3.5m respectively)
      An annual impairment review is performed over the carrying value of the investments in subsidiary undertakings, which involves
      comparing the carrying amount to the estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the greater of the fair value of the
      asset less costs to sell, and the value in use of the subsidiary, calculated using cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved
      by the Group Board.
      Elephant
      In 2022 a non-cash impairment loss of £35.2 million (2021: £14.1 million) has been recognised by the parent company in respect of its
      investment in the Group’s US Insurance business Elephant. The impairment charge is to reflect the loss incurred during 2022 to bring the
      value of the investment to its recoverable amount, being its fair value less costs to sell (equivalent to net asset value), of £56.3 million
      (2021: £25.8 million). The impairment charge is presented within the “impairment losses” line of the parent company Income Statement.
      The carrying value is based on fair value less costs of disposal, for which the net assets has been used as a reasonable approximation,
      using tier 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Due to limitations on evidential market information and restrictions in readily available information,
      net assets have been used to estimate fair value less costs to sell.
      As the valuation is based on net assets, any movement in future profits will impact the investment held. The Board continues to support
      Elephant in the achievement of its goals.




                                                                                                       Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                    299




                                                                                                                                                    Company Overview



Compare.com


                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
In 2022 a non-cash impairment loss of £1.8 million (2021: £1.9 million) has been recognised by the parent company in respect of its
investment in the Group’s US comparison business compare.com. The impairment charge is to reflect the loss incurred during 2022 to
bring the value of the investment to its recoverable amount, being its fair value less costs to sell (equivalent to the Group’s share of net
asset value), of £nil (2021: £1.8 million). The impairment charge is presented within the “impairment losses” line of the parent company
Income Statement.
The carrying value is based on fair value less costs of disposal, for which the Group’s share of net assets has been used as a reasonable




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
approximation following a review of the carrying value of those assets compared to fair value, using tier 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
5. Intangible Assets
                                                                                                                      Software              Total
                                                                                                                           £m                £m
Cost
At 1 January 2022                                                                                                         0.4                0.4
Additions                                                                                                                   –                  –
Disposal                                                                                                                    –                  –




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
At 31 December 2022                                                                                                       0.4                0.4

Amortisation
At 1 January 2022                                                                                                           –                  –
Charge for the year                                                                                                         –                  –
Disposal                                                                                                                    –                  –
At 31 December 2022                                                                                                         –                  –




                                                                                                                                                    Additional Information
Net Book Value
At 31 December 2021                                                                                                       0.4               0.4
At 31 December 2022                                                                                                       0.4               0.4




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
300   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      6. Financial assets and liabilities
      The Company’s financial instruments can be analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                        31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                               2022             2021
                                                                                                                                 £m              £m
      Investments classified as FVOCI
      Gilts (level 1 of the IFRS 13 hierarchy)                                                                               143.6             166.4
      Debt securities (level 1 of the IFRS 13 hierarchy)                                                                         –             242.0
                                                                                                                             143.6             408.4
      Investments classified as FVTPL
      Money market and other similar funds (level 1 of the IFRS 13 hierarchy)                                                 23.9             148.6
                                                                                                                              23.9             148.6

      Total financial investments                                                                                            167.5             557.0

      Financial assets held at amortised cost
      Trade and other receivables (Note 8)                                                                                   184.5             187.1
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                3.5              11.2
      Total financial assets                                                                                                 355.5             755.3

      Financial liabilities
      Subordinated notes                                                                                                     204.4             204.3
      Other borrowings                                                                                                        20.0              20.0
      Trade and other payables (Note 9)                                                                                      450.1             370.9
      Total financial liabilities                                                                                            674.5             595.2

      The amortised cost carrying amount of deposits and receivables is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
      The table below compares the carrying value of subordinated notes (as per the Statement of Financial Position) with the fair value of the
      subordinated notes using a level one valuation:
                                                                                           31 December 2022                 31 December 2021
                                                                                           Carrying             Fair        Carrying              Fair
                                                                                            amount             value        Amount              Value
                                                                                                £m               £m              £m               £m
      Financial liabilities
      Subordinated notes                                                                    204.4             196.4          204.3             217.1

      The subordinated notes were issued on 25 July 2014 at a fixed rate of 5.5%, with a redemption date of 25 July 2024.
      Total interest payable of £12.0 million (2021: £11.4 million) was recognised, of which £11.1 million (2021: £11.1 million) was in relation to
      the subordinated loan notes.




                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                   301




                                                                                                                                                   Company Overview



7. Taxation


                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
7a. Taxation credit
                                                                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                                                              £m            £m
Current tax
Corporation tax credit on profits for the year                                                                              4.6            (3.5)
Change in provision relating to prior periods                                                                               1.0             0.1




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Current tax credit                                                                                                          5.6            (3.4)
Deferred tax
Current period deferred taxation movement                                                                                   0.1             0.1
Change in provision relating to prior periods                                                                                 –               –
Total tax credit per income statement                                                                                       5.7            (3.3)

Factors affecting the total tax credit are:




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                                                                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                                                              £m            £m
Profit before tax                                                                                                        244.8         1,028.6
Corporation tax thereon at effective UK corporation tax rate of 19.0% (2021: 19.0%)                                       46.5           195.4
Expenses and provisions not deductible for tax purposes                                                                    6.2             4.8
Non-taxable income                                                                                                       (58.4)         (203.5)
Total tax credit for the period as above                                                                                  (5.7)           (3.3)




                                                                                                                                                   Additional Information
At the year end, the corporation tax asset was £4.6 million (2021: £3.5 million).
7b. Deferred income tax (asset)/ liability
Analysis of deferred tax (asset)/liability
                                                 Tax treatment
                                                        of share       Capital         Carried                              Other
                                                       schemes     allowances    forward losses Fair value reserve    differences         Total
                                                             £m           £m                £m                 £m             £m            £m
Balance brought forward at
1 January 2021                                             (0.2)            –                –                5.4              –           5.2
Tax treatment of share scheme charges
through income or expense                                   0.1             –                –                  –              –           0.1
Tax treatment of share scheme charges
through reserves                                           (0.2)            –                –                  –              –           (0.2)
Movement in fair value reserve                                –             –                –               (0.8)             –           (0.8)
Balance carried forward at
31 December 2021                                           (0.3)            –                –                4.6              –           4.3
Tax treatment of share scheme charges
through income or expense                                  (0.1)            –                –                   –             –          (0.1)
Tax treatment of share scheme charges
through reserves                                            0.1             –                –                  –              –           0.1
Movement in fair value reserve                                –             –                –               (5.2)             –          (5.2)
Balance carried forward at
31 December 2022                                          (0.3)             –                –              (0.6)              –          (0.9)

The average effective rate of tax for 2022 is 19.0% (2021: 19.0%). An increase to the main rate of corporation tax in the UK to 25% was
announced in the 2021 Budget and is expected to come into effect in the year ending 2023. This will increase the Company’s future tax
charge accordingly.
The deferred tax liability at 31 December 2022 has been calculated based on the rate at which each timing difference is most likely
to reverse.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
302   Financial Statements




      Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements
      continued
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


      8. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                       31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                                £m             £m
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                             1.2             1.6
      Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings                                                                               183.3           185.5
      Total trade and other receivables                                                                                     184.5           187.1

      Held within amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings is £182.2 million (2021: £184.5 million) which relate to loans with formal
      agreements in place between the parent and the subsidiary. The estimated credit losses of these loans has been considered and any
      expected credit loss is considered to immaterial due to the assessment of credit risk being low due to the positive net value of assets
      of the subsidiaries and future trading projections.
      The exception to the above is the intercompany receivable from compare.com where future trading forecast indicate the intercompany
      balance will not be repaid which has resulted in a provision of 50% being booked against this loan (£2.7 million).
      Of the above amount, £155.1 million is due in greater than one year (2021: £151.0 million).
      9. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                       31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                                £m             £m
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                             7.2             9.5
      Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings                                                                               442.9           361.4
      Total trade and other receivables                                                                                     450.1           370.9

      Held within amounts owed to subsidiary undertakings is £198.2 million (2021: £0.5 million) which relate to loans with formal agreements
      in place between the parent and the subsidiary.
      10. Share capital and reserves
      Capital within the Company is comprised of share capital and the share premium account, the fair value reserve (which reflects movements
      in the fair value of assets classified as FVOCI) and retained earnings. Further information can be found within note 12 of the consolidated
      financial statements.
      10a. Share capital
                                                                                                                       31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                                £m             £m
      Authorised
      500,000,000 ordinary shares of 0.1 pence                                                                                0.5               0.5
      Issued, called up and fully paid
      302,837,726 (2021: 299,554,720) ordinary shares of 0.1 pence                                                            0.3               0.3
                                                                                                                              0.3               0.3

      10b. Dividends
      Dividends were proposed, approved and paid as follows:
                                                                                                                       31 December     31 December
                                                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                                                                £m             £m
      Proposed March 2021 (86.0 pence per share, approved April 2021 and paid June 2021)                                        –           250.8
      Declared August 2021 (161.0 pence per share, paid October 2021)                                                           –           470.1
      Proposed March 2022 (118.0 pence per share, approved April 2022 and paid June 2022)                                   348.1               –
      Declared August 2022 (105.0 pence per share, paid October 2022)                                                       310.2               –
      Total dividends                                                                                                       658.3           720.9

      The dividends proposed in March (approved in April) represent the final dividends paid in respect of the 2020 and 2021 financial years.
      The dividends declared in August are interim distributions in respect of 2021 and 2022.
      A final dividend of 52.0 pence per share (£155.0 million) has been proposed in respect of the 2022 financial year. Refer to the Chair’s
      Statement and Strategic Report for further detail.
      The profit and loss account of the Parent Company does not include any unrealised profits, therefore the amount available for
      distribution by reference to these accounts is £96.7 million. Interim accounts will be laid before Companies House prior to payment of the
      2022 Final Dividend in order to demonstrate that profits are available for distribution.
                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                 303




                                                                                                                                                 Company Overview



The Group also has substantial retained profits in its subsidiary companies which are expected to flow up to the Parent Company in due



                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
course, such that surplus cash generated can continue to be returned to shareholders.
11. Assets held for sale
On 29 December 2020, Admiral Group plc (“the Group”) announced that it had reached an agreement with ZPG Comparison Services
Holdings UK Limited (“RVU”) that RVU will purchase the Penguin Portals Group (“Penguin Portals”, comprising online comparison portals
Confused.com, Rastreator.com and LeLynx.fr and the Group’s technology operation Admiral Technologies) and its 50% share of Preminen
Price Comparison Holdings Limited (“Preminen”). MAPFRE would also sell its 25% holding in Rastreator and 50% holding in Preminen as




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
part of the transaction.
These entities are determined to be the disposal group. Further information can be found within the consolidated accounts.
On 30 April 2021, the Group announced that, following regulatory and competition authority approvals, RVU had completed the purchase of
the Penguin Portals Group and acquired the Group’s 50% share of Preminen. MAPFRE also sold its 25% holding in Rastreator and 50% holding
in Preminen to RVU. The transaction was settled in cash on completion.
12. Related party transactions
The Company has taken advantage of the exemptions permitted by Financial Reporting Standard 101.8 (k) and not disclosed details of




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
transactions with other wholly owned group undertakings. Transactions with group undertakings that are not wholly owned by Admiral
Group plc are disclosed below.
                                                                                                 Balance at 31                      Balance at
                                                                                 Transaction   December 2022      Transaction   31 December
                                                                                       Value   due/(to) related         Value   2021 due/(to)
                                                                                       2022               party         2021     related party
                                                                                         £m                 £m            £m               £m
compare.com Insurance Agency LLC (Subsidiary undertaking)                               0.3               2.6            0.2              4.5

The balance owed from compare.com relates to a convertible loan issued for which interest is being accrued.




                                                                                                                                                 Additional Information
13. Guarantees and contingent liabilities
During 2018, a Special Purpose Entity (SPE) was set up in order to secure additional funding for the Admiral Money business, with a
second such SPE set up in October 2021. The Company acts as guarantor for certain operational performance conditions of its subsidiary,
AFSL, as seller and servicer for the SPEs, and indemnifies AFSL in respect of any amount that would have been payable by AFSL for non-
compliance with such performance conditions.
One of the Groups’ previously owned subsidiaries was subject to a Spanish Tax Audit which concluded with the Tax Authority denying the
application of the VAT exemption relating to insurance intermediary services. The Company has appealed this decision via the Spanish
Courts and is confident in defending its position which is, in its view, in line with the EU Directive and is also consistent with the way
similar supplies are treated throughout Europe. Whilst the Company is no longer part of the Admiral Group, the contingent liability which
the Company is exposed to has been indemnified by the Admiral Group up to a cap of £22 million.
A number of the Group’s contractual arrangements with reinsurers include features that, in certain scenarios, allow for reinsurers to
recover losses incurred to date. The overall impact of such scenarios would not lead to an overall net economic outflow from Admiral
Group plc.
14. Post balance sheet events
No events have occurred since the reporting date that materially impact these financial statements.
On 4 March 2023, the Group reached an agreement with Insurify, Inc. (“Insurify”) whereby, Insurify will purchase 100% of the shares of
Inspop USA, LLC (“Compare”) from the Group and Compare’s minority shareholders, in return for a minority shareholding in Insurify.
The total transaction value, including amounts attributable to minority shareholders is immaterial based on an assessment of the fair
value of shares in Insurify and related options to be received as consideration, as at the date of the agreement. The Group will not receive
any cash consideration. As at 31 December 2022, the net assets of Compare and the carrying value of the Group parent company’s
investment in Compare net of impairment provisions, were both £nil.
The transaction is expected to complete during the first half of 2023 and is subject to regulatory approval.
15. Continued application of Financial Reporting Standard (FRS) 101 – Reduced Disclosure Framework
Following the first time application of FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework in 2015, the Board considers that it is in the best interests
of the Group for Admiral Group plc to continue to apply the FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework in future periods. A shareholder or
shareholders holding in aggregate 5% or more of the total allotted shares in Admiral Group plc may serve objections to the use of the
disclosure exemptions on Admiral Group plc, in writing, to its registered office (Tŷ Admiral, David Street, Cardiff CF10 2EH) no later than
30 June 2022.



Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
304   Financial Statements




      Consolidated Financial Summary (unaudited)


      Basis of preparation
      The figures below are as stated in the Group financial statements preceding this financial summary and issued previously. Only selected
      lines from the income statement and balance sheet have been included.
      Income statement
                                                                                               2022       2021           2020          2019*1           2018
                                                                                                 £m        £m             £m              £m             £m
      Total premiums                                                                         3243.1    3,098.7       2,957.2         2,938.6        2,766.4
      Net insurance premium revenue                                                           911.0      855.0         751.6           709.4          671.8
      Other Revenue                                                                           364.9      345.3         359.0           348.8          460.6
      Profit commission                                                                       170.9      304.5         134.0           114.9           93.2
      Investment and interest income                                                           44.6       45.2          60.7            35.7           36.0
      Net revenue                                                                            1491.4    1,550.0       1,305.3         1,208.8        1,261.6
      Net insurance claims                                                                   (506.1)    (332.3)       (293.2)         (359.3)        (350.1)
      Net expenses                                                                           (504.4)    (492.3)       (391.6)         (331.9)        (424.0)
      Operating profit                                                                        480.9      725.4         620.5           517.6          487.5
      Net finance costs                                                                       (11.9)     (11.9)        (12.3)          (12.5)         (11.3)
      Profit before tax from continuing operations                                            469.0      713.5         608.2           505.1              –
      Profit before tax from discontinued operations                                              –      415.7          29.4            17.5              –
      Profit before tax from continuing and discontinued
      operations                                                                              469.0    1,129.2         637.6           522.6          476.2
      *1 Re-presented from financial year 2019 to reflect discontinued operations

      Balance sheet
                                                                                               2022       2021         2020*1           2019            2018
                                                                                                 £m        £m             £m             £m              £m
      Property and equipment                                                                   89.8      103.2         146.3           154.4           28.1
      Intangible assets                                                                       248.3      179.9         167.9           160.3          162.0
      Deferred income tax                                                                      18.5        9.3           3.3               –            0.2
      Corporation tax asset                                                                       –       10.6          17.9               –              –
      Reinsurance assets                                                                     2714.0    2,176.1       2,083.2         2,071.7        1,883.5
      Insurance and other receivables                                                        1335.8    1,208.5       1,200.2         1,227.7        1,082.0
      Loans and advances to customers                                                         823.9      556.8         359.8           455.1          300.2
      Financial investments                                                                  3411.2    3,742.6       3,506.0         3,234.5        2,969.7
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                               297.0      372.7         351.7           281.7          376.8
      Total assets                                                                           8938.5    8,359.7       7,836.3         7,585.4        6,802.5
      Equity                                                                                  955.4    1,408.5       1,123.4           918.6          771.1
      Insurance contracts                                                                    4792.5    4,215.0       4,081.3         3,975.0        3,736.4
      Subordinated and other financial liabilities                                            939.1      670.9         488.6           530.1          444.2
      Trade and other payables                                                               2158.0    1,960.0       2,016.1         1,975.9        1,801.5
      Lease liabilities                                                                        88.5      105.3         126.9           137.1              –
      Deferred income tax                                                                         –          –             –             0.4              –
      Current tax liabilities                                                                   5.0          –             –            48.3           49.3
      Total equity and total liabilities                                                     8938.5    8,359.7       7,836.3         7,585.4        6,802.5
      *1 Balance sheet is shown on a total group basis (including discontinued operations)




                                                                                                            Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                    305




Additional
                                                    Company Overview

Information
                                                    Strategic Report
Contents
306   Glossary




                                                    Corporate Governance




   Adding value.
                                                    Financial Statements
   Delivering
   difference.
   For our
                                                    Additional Information
   shareholders




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
306   Additional Information




      Glossary


      Alternative Performance Measures
      Throughout this report, the Group uses a number of Alternative Performance Measures (APMs); measures that are not required or
      commonly reported under International Financial Reporting Standards or the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) under
      which the Group prepares its financial statements.
      These APMs are used by the Group, alongside GAAP measures, for both internal performance analysis and to help shareholders and
      other users of the Annual Report and financial statements to better understand the Group’s performance in the period in comparison to
      previous periods and the Group’s competitors.
      The table below defines and explains the primary APMs used in this report. Financial APMs are usually derived from financial statement
      items and are calculated using consistent accounting policies to those applied in the financial statements subject to certain adjustments
      as explained in this glossary. Non-financial KPIs incorporate information that cannot be derived from the financial statements but provide
      further insight into the performance and financial position of the Group.
      APMs may not necessarily be defined in a consistent manner to similar APMs used by the Group’s competitors. They should be considered
      as a supplement rather than a substitute for GAAP measures.
      Turnover                 Turnover is defined as total premiums written (as below), other revenue and income from Admiral Money. It is
                               reconciled to financial statement line items in note 14a to the financial statements.
                               This measure has been presented by the Group in every Annual Report since it became a listed Group in 2004.
                               It reflects the total value of the revenue generated by the Group and analysis of this measure over time provides
                               a clear indication of the size and growth of the Group.
                               The measure was developed as a result of the Group’s business model. The UK Car insurance business has
                               historically shared a significant proportion of the risks with Munich Re, a third-party reinsurance Group, through
                               a co-insurance arrangement, with the arrangement subsequently being replicated in some of the Group’s
                               international insurance operations. Premiums and claims accruing to the external co-insurer are not reflected
                               in the Group’s income statement and therefore presentation of this metric enables users of the Annual Report
                               to see the scale of the Group’s insurance operations in a way not possible from taking the income statement
                               in isolation.
      Total                    Total premiums written are the total forecast premiums, net of forecast cancellations written in the underwriting
      Premiums Written         year within the Group, including co-insurance. It is reconciled to financial statement line items in note 14a to the
                               financial statements.
                               This measure has been presented by the Group in every Annual Report since it became a listed Group in 2004.
                               It reflects the total premiums written by the Group’s insurance intermediaries and analysis of this measure over
                               time provides a clear indication of the growth in premiums, irrespective of how co-insurance agreements have
                               changed over time.
                               The reasons for presenting this measure are consistent with that for the Turnover APM noted above.
      Group profit             Group profit before tax represents profit before tax from continuing operations.
      before tax
      Earnings per share,   Earnings per share from continuing operations before restructure costs represents the profit after tax
      continuing operations attributable to equity shareholders excluding restructure costs, divided by the weighted average number of
                            basic shares.
      Underwriting result   For each insurance business an underwriting result is presented showing the segment result prior to the
      (profit or loss)      inclusion of profit commission, other income contribution and instalment income. It demonstrates the
                            insurance result, i.e. premium revenue and investment income on insurance assets less claims incurred and
                            insurance expenses.




                                                                                                Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                307




                                                                                                                                                Company Overview




                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
Loss Ratio              Reported loss ratios are expressed as a percentage of claims incurred divided by net earned premiums.
                        There are a number of instances within the Annual Report where adjustments are made to this calculation in
                        order to more clearly present the underlying performance of the Group and operating segments within the
                        Group. The calculations of these are presented within note 14b to the accounts and explanation is as follows.
                        UK reported motor loss ratio: Within the UK insurance segment the Group separately presents motor ratios,
                        i.e. excluding the underwriting of other products that supplement the car insurance policy. The motor ratio is




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                        adjusted to i) exclude the impact of reserve releases on commuted reinsurance contracts and ii) exclude claims
                        handling costs that are reported within claims costs in the income statement.
                        International insurance loss ratio: As for the UK Motor loss ratio, the international insurance loss ratios presented
                        exclude the underwriting of other products that supplement the car insurance policy. The motor ratio is adjusted
                        to exclude the claims element of the impact of reinsurer caps as inclusion of the impact of the capping of reinsurer
                        claims costs would distort the underlying performance of the business.
                        Group loss ratios: Group loss ratios are reported on a consistent basis as the UK and international ratios noted
                        above. Adjustments are made to i) exclude the impact of reserve releases on commuted reinsurance contracts,




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                        ii) exclude claims handling costs that are reported within claims costs in the income statement and iii) exclude
                        the claims element of the impact of international reinsurer caps.
Expense Ratio           Reported expense ratios are expressed as a percentage of net operating expenses divided by net
                        earned premiums.
                        There are a number of instances within the Annual Report where adjustments are made to this calculation in
                        order to more clearly present the underlying performance of the Group and operating segments within the
                        Group. The calculations of these are presented within note 14c to the accounts and explanation is as follows.




                                                                                                                                                Additional Information
                        UK reported motor expense ratio: Within the UK insurance segment the Group separately presents motor ratios,
                        i.e. excluding the underwriting of other products that supplement the car insurance policy. The motor ratio is
                        adjusted to i) include claims handling costs that are reported within claims costs in the income statement, ii)
                        include intra-group aggregator fees charged by the UK comparison business to the UK insurance business and
                        iii) exclude the expense element of the impact of reinsurer caps as inclusion of the impact of the capping of
                        reinsurer expenses would distort the underlying performance of the business, and iv) exclude restructure costs.
                        International insurance expense ratio: As for the UK Motor loss ratio, the international insurance expense
                        ratios presented exclude the underwriting of other products that supplement the car insurance policy.
                        The motor ratio is adjusted to i) exclude the expense element of the impact of reinsurer caps as inclusion of
                        the impact of the capping of reinsurer expenses would distort the underlying performance of the business and
                        ii) include intra-group aggregator fees charged by the overseas comparison businesses to the international
                        insurance businesses.
                        Group expense ratios: Group expense ratios are reported on a consistent basis as the UK and international ratios
                        noted above. Adjustments are made to i) include claims handling costs that are reported within claims costs in
                        the income statement, ii) include intra-group aggregator fees charged by the Group’s comparison businesses to
                        the Group’s insurance businesses and iii) exclude the expense element of the impact of reinsurer caps.
Combined Ratio          Reported combined ratios are the sum of the loss and expense ratios as defined above. Explanation of these
                        figures is noted above and reconciliation of the calculations are provided in notes 14b and 14c.
Return on Equity        Return on equity is calculated as profit after tax from continuing operations, before restructure costs, for the
                        period attributable to equity holders of the Group divided by the average total equity attributable to equity
                        holders of the Group in the year excluding any net assets related to discontinued operations, including the
                        exclusion of the net proceeds from sale still to be distributed. This average is determined by dividing the
                        opening and closing positions for the year by two. It has been redefined in the prior period to exclude the
                        impact of discontinued operations.
Group Customers         Group customer numbers reflect the total number of cars, households and vans on cover at the end of the year,
                        across the Group, and the total number of travel insurance and loans customers.
                        This measure has been presented by the Group in every Annual Report since it became a listed Group in
                        2004. It reflects the size of the Group’s customer base and analysis of this measure over time provides a clear
                        indication of the growth. It is also a useful indicator of the growing significance to the Group of the different
                        lines of business and geographic regions.




Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
308   Additional information
                 Information




      Glossary
      continued

      Effective Tax Rate       Effective tax rate is defined as the approximate tax rate derived from dividing the Group’s profit before tax by the
                               tax charge going through the income statement. It is a measure historically presented by the Group and enables
                               users to see how the tax cost incurred by the Group compares over time and to current corporation tax rates.

      Additional Terminology
      There are many other terms used in this report that are specific to the Group or the markets in which it operates. These are defined
      as follows:
      Accident year            The year in which an accident occurs, also referred to as the earned basis.
      Actuarial best           The probability-weighted average of all future claims and cost scenarios calculated using historical data,
      estimate                 actuarial methods and judgement.
      ASHE                     ‘Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings’ – a statistical index that is typically used for calculating inflation of annual
                               payment amounts under Periodic Payment Order (PPO) claims settlements.
      Claims reserves          A monetary amount set aside for the future payment of incurred claims that have not yet been settled,
                               thus representing a balance sheet liability.
      Co-insurance             An arrangement in which two or more insurance companies agree to underwrite insurance business on a
                               specified portfolio in specified proportions. Each co-insurer is directly liable to the policyholder for their
                               proportional share.
      Commutation              An agreement between a ceding insurer and the reinsurer that provides for the valuation, payment,
                               and complete discharge of all obligations between the parties under a particular reinsurance contract.
                              The Group typically commutes UK motor insurance quota share contracts after 36 months from the start of
                              an underwriting year where it makes economic sense to do so. Although an individual underwriting year may
                              be profitable, the margin held in the financial statement claims reserves may mean that an accounting loss
                              on commutation must be recognised at the point of commutation of the reinsurance contracts. This loss on
                              commutation unwinds in future periods as the financial statement loss ratios develop to ultimate.
      Coverage period         The period during which the entity provides coverage for insured events. This period includes the coverage that
                              relates to all premiums within the boundary of the insurance contract.
      Liability for incurred The risk of a possible future change in one or more of a specified interest rate, financial instrument price,
      claims (“LIC”)          commodity price, currency exchange rate, index of prices or rates, credit rating or credit index or other variable,
                              provided in the case of a non-financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract.
      Liability for remaining An entity’s obligation to investigate and pay valid claims under existing insurance contracts for insured events
      coverage (“LRC”)        that have not yet occurred (i.e. the obligation that relates to the unexpired portion of the coverage period).
      Insurance market        The tendency for the insurance market to swing between highs and lows of profitability over time, with the
      cycle                   potential to influence premium rates (also known as the “underwriting cycle”).
      Net claims              The cost of claims incurred in the period, less any claims costs recovered via salvage and subrogation
                              arrangements or under reinsurance contracts. It includes both claims payments and movements in
                              claims reserves.
      Net insurance           Also referred to as net earned premium. The element of premium, less reinsurance premium, earned in
      premium revenue         the period.
      Net promotor score      NPS is currently measured based on a subset of customer responding to a single question: On a scale of 0–10
                              (10 being the best score), how likely would you recommend our company to a friend, family or colleague
                              through phone, online or email. Answers are then placed in 3 groups; Detractors: scores ranging from 0 to 6;
                              Passives/neutrals: scores ranging from 7 to 8; Promoters: scores ranging from 9 to 10 and the final NPS score is :
                              % of promoters - % of detractors
      Ogden discount rate     The discount rate used in calculation of personal injury claims settlements in the UK.
      Periodic Payment        A compensation award as part of a claims settlement that involves making a series of annual payments to a
      Order (PPO)             claimant over their remaining life to cover the costs of the care they will require.
      Premium                 A series of payments are made by the policyholder, typically monthly or annually, for part of or all of the
                              duration of the contract. Written premium refers to the total amount the policyholder has contracted for,
                              whereas earned premium refers to the recognition of this premium over the life of the contract.
      Premium Allocation      Under the PAA, the general measurement model may be simplified for certain contracts to measure the liability
      Approach (“PAA”)        for remaining coverage.
                               Generally, the PAA measures the liability for remaining coverage as the amount of premiums received net of
                               acquisition cash flows paid, less the amount of premiums and acquisition cash flows that have been recognised
                               in the profit and loss over the expired portion of the coverage period based on the passage of time.
      Profit commission        A clause found in some reinsurance and coinsurance agreements that provides for profit sharing.

                                                                                                 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2022
                                                                                                                                                  309




                                                                                                                                                  Company Overview




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
Reinsurance                   Contractual arrangements whereby the Group transfers part or all of the insurance risk accepted to another
                              insurer. This can be on a quota share basis (a percentage share of premiums, claims and expenses) or an excess of
                              loss basis (full reinsurance for claims over an agreed value).
Retrospective                 The method of transition to IFRS 17 meaning an entity shall at the transition date: identify, recognise and
approach (full –              measure each group of insurance contracts as if IFRS 17 had always applied.
IFRS 17)
Risk adjustment for    The compensation an entity requires for bearing the uncertainty about the amount and timing of the cash




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
non-financial risk     flows that arises from non-financial risk as the entity fulfils insurance contracts.
Scaled Agile           Scaled Agile is a framework that uses a set of organisational and workflow patterns for implementing agile
                       practices at an enterprise scale. Scaled agile at Admiral represents the ability to drive agile at the team level
                       whilst applying the same sustainable principles of the group.
Securitisation         A process by which a group of assets, usually loans, is aggregated into a pool, which is used to back the issuance
                       of new securities. A company transfer assets to a special purpose entity (SPE) which then issues securities
                       backed by the assets.
Special Purpose Entity An entity that is created to accomplish a narrow and well-defined objective. There are specific restrictions or




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
(SPE)                  limited around ongoing activities. The Group uses an SPE set up under a securitisation programme.
Ultimate loss ratio    A projected actuarial best estimate loss ratio for a particular accident year or underwriting year.
Underwriting year      The year in which an insurance policy was incepted.
Underwriting year      Also referred to as the written basis. Claims incurred are allocated to the calendar year in which the policy was
basis                  underwritten. Underwriting year basis results are calculated on the whole account (including co-insurance
                       and reinsurance shares) and include all premiums, claims, expenses incurred and other revenue (for example
                       instalment income and commission income relating to the sale of products that are ancillary to the main
                       insurance policy) relating to policies incepting in the relevant underwriting year.




                                                                                                                                                  Additional Information
Written/Earned basis An insurance policy can be written in one calendar year but earned over a subsequent calendar year.




Designed and produced by Radley Yeldar www.ry.com
This annual report is printed on Revive 100 which is 100% recycled. The manufacturers
of Revive 100 hold ISO 9001 & ISO 14001 certifications and are also FSC & PEFC certified.
This report is printed by Pureprint a CarbonNeutral® company. Both manufacturing mill
and the printer are registered to the Environmental Management System ISO14001 and
are Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC) chain-of-custody certified. If you have finished
reading the Report and no longer wish to retain it, please pass it on to other interested
readers or dispose of it in your recycled paper waste.
Registered Office
Tŷ Admiral
David Street
Cardiff
CF10 2EH
www.admiralgroup.co.uk
