For personal use only
              2018
              ANNUAL
              REPORT
                ACN 112 425 788
                ASX: PLS
            FOCUS OF THE YEAR AHEAD
            •      Ramp up to ‘nameplate’             •   Exploration to continue to




For personal use only
                   full production capacity at            expand the Pilgangoora
                   the Pilgangoora Lithium-               Lithium-Tantalum project's
                   Tantalum project.                      Resource and Reserve.

            •      Delivery of ‘on spec’ product      •   Exploration work to increase
                   to lithium and tantalum                at highly prospective Mount
                   offtakers.                             Francisco project.

            •      Complete financing and             •   Continue to build and
                   final investment decision for          maintain relationships with
                   Stage 2, 5Mtpa expansion.              shareholders, customers,
                                                          community, government
            •      Following final investment             and industry.
                   decision, commence
                   construction of Stage 2,
                   5Mtpa expansion.

            •      Continue optimisation
                   studies for the Pilgangoora
                   Lithium-Tantalum project.

            •      Progress downstream value
                   adding strategy through
                   discussions with potential
                   joint venture partners.




        2               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                    STRONG SAFETY
                    PERFORMANCE                         COMMISSIONING AT
                            during the
                        construction phase
                                                     PILGANGOORA UNDERWAY




For personal use only
                   RESOURCEFUL
                                             STAGE 2 DFS CONTINUED TO DELIVER EXCEPTIONAL
                                              FINANCIAL OUTCOMES AND ROBUST ECONOMICS
                                                  TO SUPPORT AN EXPANSION TO 5MTPA



                                       FROM FIRST DRILL HOLE
                                        TO COMMISSIONING IN
                                         UNDER FOUR YEARS

                                                                            SIGNIFICANT
                                                                            RESOURCES
                            LANDMARK OFFTAKE AGREEMENTS WITH                  GROWTH
                           GREAT WALL MOTORS AND POSCO IN PLACE
                                                                           36% increase in total
                                 TO SUPPORT STAGE 2 PRODUCTION              resource tonnage




                                                                        DYNAMIC
                    DOWNSTREAM VALUE ADDING STRATEGY




                                                                                                   3
            CONTENTS




For personal use only



       4                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                        COMPANY PROFILE								




For personal use only
                                                                      06

                        HEALTH AND SAFETY				           				          07

                        COMMUNITY, HERITAGE AND ENVIRONMENT					      08

                        CHAIRMAN'S REPORT			        				              10

                        MANAGING DIRECTOR'S REPORT			   				          11

                        THE LITHIUM STORY								                     12

                        PILGANGOORA LITHIUM-TANTALUM PROJECT					     14

                                    EXPLORATION AND GEOLOGY					      14
                                    RESOURCES AND RESERVES					       17
                                    STAGE 1, 2MTPA DEVELOPMENT					   18
                                    STAGE 2, 5MTPA EXPANSION					     19
                                    FINANCING							                  22


                        PRODUCT MARKETING AND OFFTAKE 						          22

                        OTHER PROJECTS 									                      26

                        ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS						           28

                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS					               			   30

                        ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION			   		    94

                        CORPORATE DIRECTORY					                 		   97




                                                                           5
For personal use only
            COMPANY PROFILE
                                    THE LOW COST, LONG LIFE AND OUTSTANDING QUALITY OF ITS PILGANGOORA LITHIUM-
                                    TANTALUM PROJECT POSITIONS PILBARA MINERALS TO BECOME ONE THE BIGGEST
                                    LITHIUM RAW MATERIALS PRODUCERS IN THE WORLD BY 2020.

                                    Pilbara Minerals Limited (Pilbara Minerals or the Company) is an Australian lithium-tantalum producer
                                    listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: PLS). Through the development of its 100%-owned
                                    Pilgangoora Lithium-Tantalum project (Pilgangoora project), Pilbara Minerals is set to become one of
                                    the biggest lithium raw materials producers in the world by 2020.

                                    The Pilgangoora project is located in Western Australia’s Pilbara region, approximately 120km from
                                    Port Hedland, and in proximity to key infrastructure. The significant scale and outstanding quality
                                    of the Pilgangoora project has seen Pilbara Minerals progress it from first drill hole to production in
                                    under four years.

                                    In August 2018, Pilbara Minerals released a Definitive Feasibility Study to increase the processing capacity
                                    of the Pilgangoora project from 2Mtpa to 5Mtpa, allowing it to produce up to 850,000tpa of 6% spodumene
                                    concentrate. Following the strong results from this study, and with support from its offtake partners for
                                    the expansion, Pilbara Minerals plans to commence construction of Stage 2 following a final investment
                                    decision around the completion of the third quarter of 2018.

                                    The Pilgangoora project is one of the largest hard rock lithium-tantalum deposits globally. The low
                                    cost, long life and outstanding quality of the Pilgangoora project has attracted a group of high quality,
                                    experienced global offtake partners including Ganfeng Lithium, General Lithium, Great Wall Motor
                                    Company and POSCO. Collectively, these partners have provided commitments for both Stage 1 and
                                    Stage 2 spodumene concentrate production. Importantly, the POSCO agreement allows for Pilbara
                                    Minerals’ participation in a joint venture for a future downstream chemical conversion plant in South
                                    Korea as part of Stage 2. The Company continues to explore options for further production growth given
                                    the strong interest in offtake and the scale of the Pilgangoora project.

                                    The Pilgangoora project also produces a valuable tantalum by-product which is highly sought after
                                    for use in high-performance capacitors. Offtake of this tantalum by-product has been secured (in part)
                                    by Global Advanced Metals Group through the Primary Concentrate (approximately 4-5% Ta2O5) sales
                                    agreement signed during the reporting year. The remaining tantalite concentrate is expected to be sold
                                    as 25-30% Ta2O5final concentrate, as the Pilgangoora project’s production capacity ramps up.

                                    Lithium demand is forecast to grow fourfold between 2018 and 2025, which could accelerate further as
                                    its widespread use in conventional industries such as ceramics, glass and pharmaceuticals is overtaken
                                    by the rapid growth in the lithium ion battery, portable electronics, electric vehicle and mass energy
                                    storage sectors.

                                    With this growth comes an exceptional opportunity for Pilbara Minerals to be a long-term player in
                                    the global lithium industry by continuing to grow resources, expand production and secure a position
                                    in the downstream ‘value-added' lithium market.




       6                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
            HEALTH AND SAFETY
                        COMMITMENT TO SAFETY IS AT THE CORE OF PILBARA MINERALS AND AS SUCH ‘SAFETY
                        MATTERS’ IS ONE OF THE SIX PILLARS OF PILBARA’S PURPOSE: IT COMES FIRST AND
                        FOREMOST IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY, ITS PEOPLE AND ITS PROJECTS.

                        Pilbara Minerals’ strategy for health and safety is built on great leadership, engaged employees and
                        contractors, and robust risk management and support systems that make working safely a priority.

                        Pilbara Minerals instils a strong culture of safety within the Company and across all of its operations.
                        The Company works closely with all its contracting partners on safety matters and has safety
                        management plans and systems in place to manage safety across all project and company activities.

                        Reporting and tracking the Company’s safety performance, and a process of reviewing incidents to
                        continuously improve safety performance and minimise risk to employees and contractors, is integral
                        to providing a safe working environment. Safety reporting is conducted at all levels within the Company
                        and reported through the management team to the Board.

                        Communication between contractors and Pilbara Minerals on site is transparent and frequent to
                        ensure safety is front and centre, current operational activities are understood, and safety incidents
                        are communicated in a timely manner.

                        The increased volume of activity during construction, commissioning and production, which involved
                        many contractors over the course of the year, added an additional level of complexity to site operations.
                        During February/March 2018, the Pilgangoora project reached its peak workforce of 800 people on site.

                        For the year, Pilbara Minerals’ Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) was 4.14.

                        Over the course of the year, Pilbara Minerals was pleased to see the safety systems and procedures
                        put in place to support this busy period perform well, with the focus now on ensuring these systems
                        and procedures remain relevant and applicable to the operational phase of the Pilgangoora project.




                                                                                                                                    7
For personal use only
            COMMUNITY, HERITAGE AND ENVIRONMENT
            COMMUNITY AND HERITAGE
            Pilbara Minerals continues to work with the Traditional       Compliance with the obligations of the Native Title Agreement,
            Owners to endeavor to understand and support Aboriginal       heritage and business activities and project development are
            people and their connection to country. The Company is        discussed at these meetings. These meetings also provide
            committed to working with Traditional Owners to build and     an opportunity for any issues or concerns to be discussed in
            maintain honest, open and respectful relationships and to     an open forum. In addition, Pilbara Minerals engages Njamal
            ensure, where possible, Traditional Owners are meaningfully   individuals, community groups and businesses independently
            engaged through employment and enterprise development         on an ongoing basis.
            opportunities arising from the Pilgangoora project.
                                                                          Pilbara Minerals has also engaged extensively with the Kariyarra
            Pilbara Minerals has engaged extensively with the             People during the year, primarily through the exploration of the
            Traditional Owners of the Pilgangoora area, the Njamal        Mount Francisco deposit, located south-west of the Wodgina
            People, through the provision of Cultural Awareness           mine site. Mount Francisco is located within an Aboriginal
            Training to Pilbara Minerals’ employees and contractors,      Reserve managed by the Mugarinya Community Association
            the completion of heritage surveys in areas of proposed       (Yandeyarra Community) and within the Kariyarra Native Title
            works, and the development of immediate and long-term         claim area.
            business opportunities within the Pilgangoora project.
                                                                          As a result of this consultation, Pilbara Minerals has entered
            Pilbara Minerals and the Njamal People have a Native          into a Heritage Agreement with the Kariyarra Native Title
            Title Agreement in place to support the development           Group and a Land Access Agreement with the Mugarinya
            of the Pilgangoora project.                                   Community Association to facilitate exploration activities at
                                                                          Mount Francisco.
            Ongoing, open communication with the Njamal People
            has been facilitated by Njamal Services, and its business     In consultation with the Kariyarra and the Njamal People,
            partner, Pilbara Resource Group, who together form NPJV –     Pilbara Minerals has developed an Indigenous Engagement
            the primary contracting arm of the Njamal People’s Trust.     Strategy to ensure both groups are provided with the
            Monthly business development meetings to discuss current      opportunity to participate in the works associated with
            and future business needs and contract performance are        the upgrade of the Pippingarra (public) road in the Pilbara.
            held between Pilbara Minerals and Njamal Services. NPJV
                                                                          Pilbara Minerals continued to engage with and support
            reviews all major tender proposals from non-Njamal
                                                                          the local community throughout the year. This support
            businesses to ensure compliance with the Indigenous
                                                                          included sponsorship of events such as the Pilbara Mud
            engagement obligations specified within the Pilgangoora
                                                                          Run, a community-organised event which raises funds
            Native Title Agreement.
                                                                          for the Royal Flying Doctor Service, Police Legacy and
            As the primary contracting business, NPJV has provided        the Miner for De-mining initiative, and the Yandeyarra
            construction and road maintenance services to Pilbara         Community Christmas event.
            Minerals, and facilitates the development of individual
                                                                          The Company also sponsored the South Hedland Swans
            Njamal businesses.
                                                                          football team.
            Quarterly implementation committee meetings are held
            with representatives of the Njamal People’s Trust to ensure
            that the aspirations and needs of both Pilbara Minerals
            and the Njamal People are understood collectively and
            relationships continue to build.




       8                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
            ENVIRONMENT
            Pilbara Minerals secured approvals from both the
            Department of Water and Environmental Regulation
            (DWER) and the Department of Mines, Industry Regulation
            and Safety (DMIRS) to undertake works on Stage 1 of
            the Pilgangoora project. These works are substantially
            complete, and Pilbara Minerals is working with DWER on
            the development and implementation of an Operating
            Licence for the site.

            Significant work has been undertaken to collect baseline
            survey information on groundwater and surface water
            quality, as well as to undertake a review of the additional
            flora and fauna surveys required to support the Stage
            2 development.

            Management of environmental data and compliance
            reporting has been supported through the purchase
            of specialised management software from INXSoftware.
            Pilbara Minerals continues to develop and revise the
            Environmental Management System documentation
            in order to support the best practice environmental
            management required to maintain its licence to operate.




                                                                          9
For personal use only
            CHAIRMAN'S REPORT
            Dear Shareholders,

            The strong development momentum at the Pilgangoora
            project over the past 18 months continued into 2018, with
            an outstanding coordinated effort by the Pilbara Minerals’
            team and our key contractors resulting in the delivery of
            Stage 1 of the Pilgangoora project.

            At the time of writing this report, commissioning of the
            Pilgangoora concentrator is nearing completion, with the
            successful production of our first ‘on-spec’ spodumene
            and tantalite concentrates marking the beginning of the
            ramp up to commercial levels.

            The first shipment of spodumene concentrate to China,
            booked for September, will mark a significant milestone
            for the Company following the commencement of direct
            shipping ore (DSO) shipments earlier in the year.

            Our focus throughout has been to advance the Pilgangoora
            project to production as rapidly as possible, but without         grow rapidly to produce 800-850,000tpa of high-quality 6%
            compromising its quality or the integrity of our approach.        spodumene concentrate over a 17-year mine life based on
            The smooth progress of construction and commissioning             the June 2017 Ore Reserve.
            vindicates the significant upfront investment we made in
            metallurgical test work, engineering and design.                  This expansion is underpinned by offtake and indicative
                                                                              funding commitments from cornerstone customers and
            As a result, Pilbara Minerals is now well and truly on the cusp   reflects their respective raw materials requirements as
            of becoming a major global lithium raw materials producer.        they gear up their supply chains.
            Once Stage 1 achieves its design annual production rate of
            320,000tpa of 6% spodumene concentrate, the Pilgangoora           Landmark agreements completed during the year, including
            project will already be one of the world’s biggest lithium raw    the multi-faceted strategic one with POSCO and the ground-
            material mines.                                                   breaking deal with Great Wall Motor Company, mean that
                                                                              Pilbara Minerals is now firmly embedded in well-established
            Pilbara Minerals’ rapid elevation to the ranks of mid-tier        end-to-end global supply chains established by the leading
            miners has been reflected in several important measures           players in this fast-growing, high-tech industry.
            during the year. These have included significant growth in
            our market capitalisation, the Company’s inclusion in the         The strength of our position is thanks in no small part to the
            benchmark S&P ASX 200 Index, and continued growth in              quality, competence and commitment of the Pilbara Minerals’
            the depth of our share register – which now includes several      management team, led by Managing Director Ken Brinsden,
            leading institutional and strategic holders alongside a large     and our key contractors.
            and supportive retail shareholder base.
                                                                              I would also like to acknowledge the continued support
            As we made the transition from developer to producer              of the Njamal People, the Traditional Owners of the land at
            it is important to note that in financing the Pilgangoora         Pilgangoora, and many other key long-term supporters of
            project, we aimed from the outset to strike the right balance     the Company. Recognition is also paid to founding director
            between the proportion of debt and equity funding. This will      John Young, who stepped down from the board during
            help ensure we maximise our earnings per share, both as we        the year.
            ramp up to full Stage 1 production and as we launch Stage 2.

            The increase in the Pilgangoora Mineral Resource during the
            year provided the backdrop to the Definitive Feasibility Study
            (DFS) on the Stage 2 expansion to 5Mtpa. The DFS, which was
            completed in August 2018, outlined a compelling business          Tony Kiernan
            case for this expansion that will see the Pilgangoora project     Chairman




       10               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
            MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT
            Dear Shareholders,

            What a year it has been at Pilbara Minerals. When I sit
            back and reflect on the Company’s journey over the past
            four years I am astounded by the achievements of our people.
            To take the Pilgangoora project from its first drill hole through
            to commissioning in under four years is simply outstanding.
            It’s not very often you find a resource of its scale and quality.
            You take this, add some very talented, dedicated and
            passionate people, and you have a world-class project
            that will now be one of the biggest hard rock lithium
            suppliers in the world; what a feat for us and opportunity
            for our shareholders.

            This year has seen us grow from an emerging lithium-
            tantalum producer to now joining the ranks of lithium-
            tantalum producers globally. With the Pilgangoora project
            fully constructed, commissioning well underway, and the
            production of our first fines and coarse concentrates, this
            year has been a standout.
                                                                                 Notwithstanding that, the quality and scale of the Pilgangoora
            I was pleased with the success of construction which achieved        project continues to attract high quality, experienced global
            all project targets and the commissioning of the plant which         offtake partners that are already active participants in the
            performed to our expectations, as well as our ability to continue    lithium ion battery supply chain. This year we added Great
            our strong safety performance given the operational complexity       Wall Motors and POSCO as offtake partners for Stage 2, and
            of activities on site. The focus is now set firmly on finalising     with Ganfeng Lithium and General Lithium on board for Stage
            commissioning and the ramp up of production to the plant’s           1, this now underwrites the Pilgangoora project’s production for
            nameplate capacity over the coming months.                           both stages. Of importance is the ability for Pilbara Minerals to
                                                                                 enter into a joint venture with POSCO on a lithium conversion
            Our ability to generate revenue during the year from                 facility in the future, which plays perfectly into our downstream
            direct shipping ore (DSO) sales through our Mine Gate Sale           value adding strategy.
            Agreement with Atlas Iron is not to be overshadowed. Early
            revenue from the DSO project has been great at a time when           As a general comment, conversations with all our offtake
            we are otherwise ramping up the Stage 1 project. Furthermore,        partners and the encouragement from them to increase
            it's excellent for our customers who would have otherwise            production, provides Pilbara Minerals with confidence
            had difficulty in securing sources of supply.                        going forward. This strong interest and significant scale
                                                                                 of the Pilgangoora project means we continue to explore
            It was also a busy time for our study team, who in parallel          opportunities for further production growth.
            with construction activities undertook and completed the
            Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) for the Stage 2, 5Mtpa            I would like to take this opportunity to thank our people for
            expansion. The DFS delivered exceptional results to support          their hard work and unparalleled dedication to continuing
            an increase in production from 2Mtpa to 5Mtpa. This coupled          to build our great project and company this year, and of
            with strong support from our offtake partners presents               course our partners and shareholders whose support and
            a compelling case for Stage 2 to commence shortly after              encouragement continues to build momentum within the
            commissioning of Stage 1.                                            Company and market. I look forward to sharing more success
                                                                                 in the year ahead as we continue our journey to becoming one
            During the year we have seen a change in the dynamic in the          of the largest lithium raw material producers globally by 2020.
            lithium market, as China signaled and then enacted a change
            in the support for growth within the lithium ion battery supply
            chain. This resulted in a change to the subsidy regime, which
            favored batteries with higher energy density. While this has had
            a short-term impact on demand growth as the supply chain
            readjusts operations internally, we are still confident the market   Ken Brinsden
            will remain strong over time as the demand for electric vehicles     Managing Director and CEO
            continues to grow.



                                                                                                                                                     11
For personal use only
            THE LITHIUM STORY
            Lithium is a soft silvery-white metal (chemical symbol – Li)       Chinese EV sales have doubled year-on-year and this growth
            that occurs in nature, either as compounds within hard rock        rate is continuing to accelerate.
            pegmatites, predominantly as spodumene (such as Pilbara
                                                                               In order to meet this burgeoning demand (Figure 2), car
            Minerals’ Pilgangoora project), with some in the form of
                                                                               manufacturers are investing huge sums in EV production.
            petalite and/or lepidolite deposits, or in salt brines.
                                                                               Recent analysis by Reuters has predicted an ‘investment
            Traces of lithium are present in nearly all minerals, brines,      tsunami’ in batteries and electric cars by global automakers
            wells, clays and in sea water; indeed the crust of the earth       that now totals an estimated US$90 billion.
            contains an average of about 60ppm lithium.
                                                                               The analysis states investments in EVs announced to date
            Lithium and its chemical compounds have a variety of               include at least US$19 billion by automakers in the United
            industrial applications resulting in a wide range of chemical      States, US$21 billion in China and US$52 billion in Germany.
            and industrial uses. These include heat-resistant glass            The largest single investment is coming from Volkswagen
            ceramics, specialty glass, enamels, lithium grease lubricants,     AG, which plans to spend US$40 billion by 2030 to build
            flux additives for iron, steel and aluminum production,            electrified versions of its 300-plus global models.
            primary lithium batteries (disposable) and secondary
                                                                               The automotive industry’s appetite to secure lithium supply
            lithium ion batteries (rechargeable).
                                                                               is clearly demonstrated by the A$28 million equity investment,
            The ways in which the world generates, uses, distributes and       lithium offtake and Stage 2 indicative funding agreements that
            stores energy is changing, with lithium ion batteries rapidly      Chinese automotive manufacturing giant Great Wall Motor
            emerging as the dominant rechargeable battery technology.          Company made with Pilbara Minerals during the year.
            Lithium is a core element for lithium battery chemistry
                                                                               Going forward, this demand for lithium in the automotive
            because of its high electrode potential and its low atomic
                                                                               sector could be outpaced by ‘stationary storage’ – battery
            mass, which gives it a high charge and power-to-weight
                                                                               storage solutions that can store excess power, including
            ratio, and therefore a high energy density.
                                                                               from renewable sources, for use during expensive peak
            The acceleration in take-up of electric vehicles (EVs) and the     demand periods.
            growing need for energy storage is driving unprecedented
            demand growth for lithium.                                            Executive Summary
            Global, independent research organisation Benchmark
                                                                               FIGURE 1: FORECAST FOR LITHIUM DEMAND BY LITHIUM CHEMICAL
                                                                               PRODUCTION                    ACROSS ALL SECTORS
                                                                                In the chart below we outline our forecasts for lithium demand by lithium chemical product across all sectors, we expect that lithium hydroxide will become the predominant

            Mineral Intelligence forecasts lithium demand will increase
                                                                                product driven by the exponential rise in battery demand over the forecast period. Further, we expect that lithium chloride for solid state batteries will begin to gain ground in
                                                                                  the mid-2020’s, however given its energy intensity of manufacture and resulting costs of production it will not become a dominant technology over the life of the forecast


            fourfold between 2018 and 2025 to meet an exponential rise            Tonnes LCE


            in battery demand from the growing EV sector (Figure 1). This
                                                                                6,000,000         Solid state battery lithium chloride
                                                                                                  Other - technical and industrial uses
                                                                                                  battery grade - Lithium Carbonate
            demand growth is being driven by high environmental targets         5,000,000
                                                                                                  battery grade - Lithium hydroxide
                                                                                                                                                                16 x growth
            and strong incentives to encourage the transition away from         4,000,000


            traditional petrol and diesel-based internal combustion             3,000,000
                                                                                                                               4 x growth
            engines to cleaner and greener EVs.                                 2,000,000



            This forecast also shows that lithium hydroxide will become         1,000,000


            the predominant product in the lithium chemical supply                       0
                                                                                             2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 2034 2035 2036 2037 2038 2039 2040
            chain which favours hard rock lithium supply for production.                                                                  BENCHMARK MINERAL INTELLIGENCE – MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED – JULY 2018


            This is due to its ability to be directly processed into lithium   Source: Benchmark Mineral Intelligence, July 2018
            hydroxide which is the sought after product for the growing
            EV manufacturing sector. Mike Jackson, CEO of AutoNation
            Inc., the largest auto retailing chain in the US, predicts that
            by 2030, EVs could account for 15-20% of new vehicle sales
            in the United States.


       12               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                       FIGURE 2: FORECAST EV SALES (2017 - 2025)
                                           USA                         China                                  EV penetration rate (RHS)
                                           Europe                      RoW                                                                                                          ENERGY STORAGE IS CRITICALLY
                              1600000                                                                                                                                   16.0%
                                                                                                                                                                                IMPORTANT TECHNOLOGY – WE NEED TO
                             1400000                                                                                                                                    14.0%   SUPPLEMENT AND SUPPORT THE ENERGY
                              1200000                                                                                                                                   12.0%     TRANSITION WE’RE GOING THROUGH.


      PHEV/BEV sales




For personal use only
                             1000000                                                                                                                                    10.0%
                                   800000                                                                                                                               8.0%
                                                                                                                                                                                THERE WERE 21,000 RESIDENTIAL BATTERY
                                   600000                                                                                                                               6.0%
                                                                                                                                                                                 SYSTEMS INSTALLED IN AUSTRALIA LAST
                                  400000                                                                                                                                4.0%
                                    200000                                                                                                                              2.0%
                                                                                                                                                                                  YEAR. THIS IS VERY HIGH FOR SUCH AN
                                                0                                                                                                                       0.0%
                                                                                                                                                                                  EARLY INDUSTRY. AUSTRALIA HAS NOW
                                                                                                                                                                                INSTALLED MORE LITHIUM ION BATTERIES,
                                                       2017a   2018e     2019e           2020e        2021e           2022e        2023e           2024e    2025e
                                                                                                                                                                                 PER CAPITA, THAN ANY OTHER COUNTRY.
                                        Source: Company Reports EV-volumes.com, EVobsession.com, Canaccord
                                        Genuity estimates
                                                                                                                                                                                AUSTRALIA IS IN A WONDERFUL POSITION.

                                                                                                                                                                                  THE CHALLENGE FOR POLICYMAKERS
                                                                                                                                                                                 IS TO REPLICATE THAT SMALL BATTERY
                                                                                                                                                                                 FLEXIBILITY AND RELIABILITY AT SCALE:
                       FIGURE 3: FORECAST INSTALLED CAPACITY OF LITHIUM BATTERY                                                                                                   TO PUT STORAGE AT THE HEART OF A
                       ENERGY STORAGE SYSTEMS
                                                                                                                                                                                      SMARTER ELECTRICITY GRID.
                                          180
                                          160
                                                                                                                                                                                          DR ALAN FINKEL AO
                                          140
                                          120
                                                                                                                                                                                      AUSTRALIA’S CHIEF SCIENTIST
                                          100
                   GWh                     80
                                           60
                                                                                                                                                                                 In Europe, the energy storage market grew by
                                          40
                                                                                                                                                                                 49% in 2017 to 589MW of installed capacity and
                                          20
                                                                                                                                                                                 predictions by the European Association for
                                            0                                                                                                                                    Storage of Energy estimate the market will
                                                    2017a      2018e      2019e             2020e             2021e             2022e         2023e         2024e   2025e
                                                                                                                                                                                 grow by a further 85% in 2018 and 2019.

                                                                                                                                                                                 While recent headlines have focused on high
                                        Source: Canaccord Genuity estimates
                                                                                                                                                                                 profile, large scale lithium battery-based storage
                                                                                                                                                                                 installations (for example Tesla/AEMO’s 100MWh
                                                                                                                                                                                 battery installation in South Australia), lithium
                                                                                                                                                                                 battery technology also extends to smaller scale
                                                                                                                                                                                 (but significantly higher volume) industrial/
                                                                                                                                                                                 commercial and residential ESS applications
                                                                                                                                                                                 (e.g. Tesla Powerwall).
                       FIGURE 4: FORECAST LITHIUM DEMAND FOR ENERGY STORAGE
                       BATTERIES AND BREAKDOWN OF MARKET SHARE                                                                                                                   Bloomberg New Energy Finance believes
                                           Industrial                    LiB (ex ESS)                                    ESS                                                     US$548 billion will be invested in battery
                                                                                                                                                                                 capacity by 2050 – two thirds of that at the grid
                                        1200                                                                                                                                     level and one third installed behind-the-meter
                                                                                                                                                                                 by households and businesses.
                                         800
                                                                                                                                                                                 Canaccord Genuity estimates that by 2025,




                   Tonnes LCE ('000s)
                                                                                                                                                                                 installed battery capacity associated with
                                         600
                                                                                                                                                                                 energy storage systems will increase to 127GWh
                                                                                                                                                                                 (versus total estimated battery capacity across
                                         400
                                                                                                                                                                                 all segments e.g. EVs and consumer electronics
                                         200                                                                                                                                     in 2017 of 166GWh) (Figure 3 and 4).


                                            0

                                                    2018e       2019e            2020e              2021e               2022e              2023e           2024e    2025e

                                        Source: Canaccord Genuity estimates


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      13
For personal use only
            PILGANGOORA LITHIUM-TANTALUM PROJECT
            THE OUTSTANDING QUALITY, LOW OPERATING COSTS AND LONG LIFE OF THE PILGANGOORA PROJECT MAKES
            IT ONE OF THE MOST SIGNIFICANT LITHIUM-TANTALUM PROJECTS IN THE WORLD.

            The Pilgangoora project continued to deliver exceptional
            outcomes for Pilbara Minerals during the year. The significant
            progress achieved in advancing the Pilgangoora project
            from first exploration drill hole, through to construction
            and commissioning in under four years, is testament to
            its scale and quality.

            Located 120km from Port Hedland in Western Australia’s
            Pilbara region, Pilbara Minerals’ 100%-owned Pilgangoora
            project is positioned in proximity to infrastructure and
            export markets.

            This coupled with its high-grade lithia and tantalite by-product
            stream, resource size and outstanding scalability and expansion
            potential has laid the foundations for a world-class, long-life
            operation that will be positioned at the bottom end of the
            global cost curve for hard rock lithium operations.


            EXPLORATION AND GEOLOGY
            The Pilgangoora project is located within an area known
            as the Pilbara Mineral Field in Western Australia’s Pilbara
            region. The Pilgangoora project comprises 22 tenements
            covering an area of 383km2 ( Figure 5).

            The Pilbara Mineral Field is one of the world’s major lithium-     Figure 5: Pilgangoora project map
            tantalum provinces with significant lithium-caesium-tantalum
            bearing pegmatites located at Pilgangoora, Mount Francisco,
            Wodgina, Tabba-Tabba and Strelley Pegmatites in the Pilbara        The pegmatites strike is subparallel to the dominant north-
            region can also host major sources of beryl, emerald and minor     northwest trending fabric of the greenstone belt ( Figure 8).
            sources of tungsten, caesium and rare earth elements.
                                                                               Two principal pegmatite groups have been identified in the
            GEOLOGY                                                            centre of the Pilgangoora project area: Central and Eastern.
                                                                               Pegmatites within these domains have strike lengths of up
            The Pilgangoora pegmatite deposit is one of the largest            to 1.4km and range in thickness to over 70m.
            hard rock lithium deposits in the world. The prospective
            Pilgangoora pegmatites are located within the East Strelley        Three outlying pegmatite groups (Lynas Find, Monster and
            greenstone belt, approximately 30km east of Wodgina.               Southern) have also been identified which have strike lengths
            The mineralisation at Pilgangoora is hosted within a               ranging from 350m to 500m.
            fractionated pegmatite suite which comprises a network
            of interconnected sheets and dykes dipping to the east at
            20o - 60o (Figure 7).




       14               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
            In comparison to established classical models of mineralogical
            zonation around a quartz core, the Pilgangoora pegmatites
            are quasi-homogenous, characterised by anisotropic
            mineral assemblages including very coarse or mega-crystic
            spodumene, elongated sub-perpendicular to the wall rock
            contacts, aplitic layering and the development of narrow,
            locally distinct border units.

            The spodumene-bearing units comprise more than 85%
            of the volume of the Pilgangoora pegmatite dykes.




            Figure 6: Mine Geologist holding coarse grained pegmatite sample from Monster pit




            Figure 7: Central area cross-section - 7670700mN                                    Figure 8: Pilgangoora project - solid geology and drill hole summary




                                                                                                                                                                       15
For personal use only
            During the year, Pilbara Minerals completed several phases of
            Reverse Circulation (RC) and diamond drilling at Pilgangoora,
            resulting in a significant resource upgrade that was released
            in May 2018 (Figure 9).

            As at 30 June 2018, the Company had completed a total of
            145,189m of RC drilling and 6,843m of diamond drilling since
            its inaugural drilling program in November 2014.

            Exploration during the year included the second stage RC
            drilling program which primarily targeted the down-dip
            and strike extensions of pegmatite domains within the
            Central and Eastern pit areas, along with the new Monster
            Northwest prospect.

            Results from the drilling programs continue to demonstrate
            the world-class endowment of the Pilgangoora deposit with
            intersections from the Central deposit including:

                 •      66m @ 1.51% Li2O and 162ppm Ta2O5 from
                        125m (PLS1094)
                 •      48m @ 1.70% Li2O and 80ppm Ta2O5 from
                        253m (PLS1112)
                 •      38m @ 1.93% Li2O and 118ppm Ta2O5 from
                        296m (PLS1122)
                 •      43m @ 1.60% Li2O and 173ppm Ta2O5 from
                        293m (PLS1124)




                                                                                              Figure 10: Pilgangoora project - drill hole location plan for the 2018 Mineral
                                                                                              Resource estimate




            Figure 9: Exploration RC drilling at the north end of Central pit in April 2018




       16               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
            RESOURCES AND RESERVES                                                               The work underpinning the June 2017 Ore Reserve was
                                                                                                 completed by AMC and is shown below in Table 2. The
            MINERAL RESOURCES                                                                    life-of-mine strip ratio (tonnes of waste/tonnes of ore) is
            During the year, Pilbara Minerals delivered another significant                      estimated to be 3.8.
            increase in the Pilgangoora Mineral Resource, reinforcing its
                                                                                                                TONNAGE       Li2O     Ta2O5    Fe2O3        Li2O      Ta2O5
            position as one of the world’s premier lithium development                            CATEGORY
                                                                                                                  (Mt)        (%)     (ppm)      (%)          (t)     (M lb)
            and growth projects.
                                                                                                  Proved            17.3      1.30     141       1.03      230,000     5.4
            The May 2018 Mineral Resource estimate represented a                                  Probable         62.9       1.25     119       1.10      790,000    16.5
            36% increase in total Resource tonnage compared with
                                                                                                  Total            80.3       1.27     123      1.08     1,020,000    21.8
            the Resource upgrade announced on 25 January 2017, and
            comprised a total of 213 million tonnes grading 1.32% Li2O                           Table 2: Pilgangoora project - JORC Ore Reserve estimate June 2017
            (spodumene) and 116ppm Ta2O5 and 0.69% Fe2O3, containing
                                                                                                 The June 2017 Ore Reserve of the Pilgangoora project
            2.82 million tonnes of Li2O and 54.6 million pounds of Ta2O5.
                                                                                                 comprised of over ~1,000,000 tonnes of contained Li2O
            The JORC 2012 Mineral Resource released in May 2018 for                              and 22 million pounds of contained tantalite.
            the Pilgangoora project incorporated all historical data, as
                                                                                                 The Ore Reserve is the economically mineable part of the
            well as all drilling data acquired through several exploration
                                                                                                 Measured and Indicated Resource. It includes mining
            campaigns completed by Pilbara Minerals from 2014 to
                                                                                                 dilution and allowance for ore losses during mining.
            April 2018.
                                                                                                 Appropriate assessments and studies have been carried
            The estimation was carried out by independent resource                               out and include consideration of and modification by
            consultancy, Trepanier Pty Ltd, resulting in the estimation                          realistically assumed mining, metallurgical, economic,
            of Measured, Indicated and Inferred Resources. The reporting                         marketing, legal, environmental, social and governmental
            of all domains (using a cut-off of 0.5% Li2O) results in a                           factors. These assessments demonstrate at the time of
            Measured, Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource                                    reporting that extraction could reasonably be justified.
            estimate of 213.3Mt which is detailed in Table 1.
                                                                                                 As at 30 June 2018, there were no changes to the June 2017
                              TONNAGE         Li2O       Ta2O5        Li2O            Ta2O5      Ore Reserve as a result of mining activities at the Pilgangoora
               CATEGORY
                                (Mt)          (%)       (ppm)          (t)            (M lb)     project site, other than through minor depletion from ore
              Measured            22.1        1.41       146        311,000             7.1      mining, most of which was stockpiled on site in preparation
                                                                                                 for process plant commissioning, or for sale as DSO.
              Indicated          107.0        1.34       119       1,435,000           28.0
                                                                                                 Pilbara Minerals ensures that the Mineral Resource and
              Inferred           84.2         1.27       105       1,071,000           19.4      Ore Reserve estimates quoted are subject to governance
              Total              213.3        1.32       116       2,818,000          54.6       arrangements and internal controls at both a site level and
                                                                                                 at the corporate level. Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves
            Table 1: Pilgangoora project - Mineral Resource estimate (using 0.5% Li2O cut-off)
                                                                                                 are estimated in accordance with the 2012 JORC Code, using
            May 2018
                                                                                                 industry standard techniques and internal guidelines for
            The May 2018 Mineral Resource estimate provides further                              the estimation and reporting of Ore Reserves and Mineral
            evidence that the Pilgangoora project has the grade, scale                           Resources. The Mineral Resources and Ore Reserve statements
            and quality to underpin a low-cost, long-life mining operation                       included in the Annual Report were reviewed by suitably
            for years to come.                                                                   qualified Competent Persons prior to inclusion.

            ORE RESERVES
            The June 2017 Ore Reserve of 80.3Mt grading 1.27% Li2O,
            123ppm Ta2O5 and 1.08% Fe2O3 is based on the Mineral Resource
            announced in January 2017 of 156.3 million tonnes @ 1.25%
            Li2O containing an estimated 1.95 million tonnes of Li2O.



                                                                                                                                                                               17
For personal use only
            STAGE 1, 2MTPA DEVELOPMENT
            The key focus of activity for the year was on delivering Stage 1   Initial commissioning focused on the fines flotation and gravity
            of the Pilgangoora project, comprising an initial 2Mtpa mining     circuits to produce the first fines spodumene and tantalite
            and processing operation. Significant progress was made            concentrates, given the higher proportion of product that is
            across multiple work streams during the year to bring the          yielded through this circuit at the start of production.
            Pilgangoora project to the commissioning stage by May 2018.
                                                                               In parallel, Pilbara Minerals continued to construct the
                                                                               coarse concentrate circuit (referred to as heavy/dense media
            These included the award of key contracts, procurement,
                                                                               separation (DMS)). Once complete, further commissioning and
            final design, bulk and civil earthworks, construction of key
                                                                               testing was undertaken through the combined operation of
            infrastructure including the tailings management facility,
                                                                               both the coarse and fines circuit which led to the production
            haul roads, accommodation village and the concentrator
                                                                               of the first DMS coarse concentrate in July 2018.
            and commencement of open pit mining. These activities
            were successfully completed throughout the year with               Following the initial commissioning of the flotation and DMS
            the Pilgangoora project achieving all key project metrics.         circuits, Pilbara Minerals’ team continued to focus on the
                                                                               ramp up of the plant’s overall production capacity. This process
            CONSTRUCTION                                                       is continuing and is anticipated to take approximately six
            The Pilgangoora project was successfully constructed               to nine months to complete, with incremental increases to
            during the year. While construction was challenged with            production rates expected to be achieved each month during
            several cyclones during the northern wet season, the project       the ramp up period. The construction and commissioning of
            delivery schedule was maintained to enable commissioning           the processing plant has been consistent with the Company’s
            to commence in May 2018 with first concentrate produced in         expectations to date with approximately 1,000 tonnes of coarse
            June 2018.                                                         and fines concentrate (pre-concentrate dressing) produced
                                                                               during the year.
            MINING
                                                                               OPERATIONAL READINESS
            Mining operations commenced in December 2017 with
            the development of the Central pit to support the Stage 1          The operating activities for the Pilgangoora project during
            development and at the Monster pit for the DSO operation.          the year consisted of readiness activities for the Stage 1
            A total of 5,179,727 wet metric tonnes (Wmt) of material was       operation and the separate DSO mining operation.
            mined over the 2017/18 year of which 344,549Wmt (Table 3)
                                                                               The readiness activities for Stage 1 included the award of
            was ore. Waste from the Central pit was used in the
                                                                               operations contracts including crushing, mining and haulage
            development of infrastructure including the tailings
                                                                               services, and an operational readiness program comprising
            management facility, run-of-mine (ROM) ore pad and
                                                                               procurement activities, recruitment, training and systems
            haul road construction.
                                                                               implementation to support the operational phase – as well as
                                                                               the appointment of Dale Henderson as Chief Operating Officer
            INFRASTRUCTURE
                                                                               to oversee the transition to operations and the
            The construction of supporting infrastructure including the        ongoing Pilgangoora project operations.
            tailing management facility, the ROM ore pad, mine access
            roads, power plant, communications infrastructure and              All activities were completed on-time to support the hand-
            upgrade of the accommodation was completed on schedule             over from the construction team and to ensure that first
            to support the operations.                                         concentrate production was achieved in June 2018.

            PROCESSING                                                         DSO
            The 2Mtpa processing plant was constructed during the              DSO operations commenced at the Pilgangoora project in
            year with the successful completion of both dry and wet            December 2017 following the execution of a Mine Gate Sale
            commissioning to produce the first fines spodumene and             Agreement with Atlas Iron Limited (Atlas Iron) during the year
            tantalite concentrates in June 2018 and the first coarse           for the supply of a minimum of 1.0 million tonnes of DSO from
            concentrate in July 2018.                                          the Pilgangoora project.


       18               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                         UNITS             Q2 FY18                 Q3 FY18                  Q4 FY18                  YTD FY18

              ORE MINED                                   Wmt                  0                       0                     344,549                   344,549

              WASTE MINED                                 Wmt                151,812               1,823,205                 2,851,161                4,835,178

              TOTAL MATERIAL MINED                        Wmt                151,812               1,823,205                 3,195,710                5,179,727

              ORE MINED - GRADE                            %                  N/A                     N/A                       1.45                     1.45




For personal use only
              ORE CRUSHED                                 Wmt                 N/A                     N/A                     50,185                    50,185

              ORE PROCESSED                               Wmt                 N/A                     N/A                       N/A                      N/A

              DSO SOLD                                    Wmt                                         N/A                    145,974                   145,974

            Table 3: Production and sales




            This operation involves mined ore from the Monster pit being               DFS RESULTS
            sold to Atlas Iron at the mine gate to be further processed and            The Stage 2, 5Mtpa DFS delivered exceptional results and
            transported by Atlas Iron through its existing processing and              re-affirmed the Pilgangoora project’s scale, quality, competitive
            logistics infrastructure in the Pilbara. On 16 June 2018, the first        forecast cash operating costs, robust operating margins, long
            DSO shipment by Atlas Iron left from Port Hedland with                     life and exceptional economic returns. These results, outlined
            85,000 tonnes of 1.6% Li2O DSO bound for China.                            in Figure 11, together with the significant potential for increased
            Over A$9 million (excluding royalties) of DSO was sold at the              Ore Reserves and strong support from offtake partners, provide
            mine gate during the financial year. These DSO sales represent             a compelling case for the expansion to proceed following
            a positive outcome for Pilbara Minerals with the DSO operation             recent commissioning of the Stage 1, 2Mtpa facility.
            providing early cash flow during the development of Stage 1
            and helping to support the financing strategy for the Stage 2,
            5Mtpa expansion.                                                                          Outstanding project economics, post-tax NPV10% of
                                                                                       ECONOMICS      A$2.160B; LOM project revenue of A$12.2B ($ real) and
            STAGE 2 EXPANSION TO 5MTPA                                                                LOM EBITDA of A$6.3B ($ real).

            PROJECT STUDIES
            In February 2018, Pilbara Minerals delivered the results of the                           Average annual production of approximately

            Preliminary Feasibility Study (PFS) for the proposed Stage 2               PRODUCTION     800-850ktpa of 6% spodumene concentrate and
                                                                                                      approximately 800,000lbs per annum of tantalite
            expansion of the Pilgangoora project to increase production
                                                                                                      over estimated 17 year mine life.
            capacity from 2Mtpa to 5Mtpa via two parallel 2.5Mtpa
            processing trains. The results of the PFS delivered several
                                                                                                      Competitive cash operating costs of US$233/t CIF for
            exceptional outcomes including strong project economics to
                                                                                          OPEX        the first 5 years following ramp up; LOM cash operating
            underpin an increase in production capacity to 5Mtpa.
                                                                                                      costs of US$263/t CIF, reinforcing Pilgangoora's Tier 1
            Following the success of the PFS, Pilbara Minerals commenced                              scale, grade and quality.

            the Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) for the Stage 2, 5Mtpa
                                                                                                      Stage 2 funding supported by offtake customers with
            expansion to further refine the outcomes of the PFS. The DFS
                                                                                                      indicative commitments for up to US$100M of debt
            primarily focused on the following areas:                                    FUNDING
                                                                                                      and/or prepayments (Ganfeng Lithium and Great Wall)
                        •   mining;                                                                   and equity of A$80M from POSCO received in April 2018.

                        •   process plant design;
                                                                                                      Capital development costs of A$231M underpin new
                        •   hydrology and hydrogeology review;
                                                                                          CAPEX       3Mtpa processing train and tantalite dressing facility,
                        •   geotechnical review;                                                      together with upgrades to power stations and water
                        •   tailings management review;                                               supply borefields to support an expanded operation.

                        •   revised capital, operating and financial economics; and
                        •   risk and opportunity.                                       Figure 11: DFS results Stage 2, 5Mtpa expansion (before financing)

            At an early stage in the DFS, Pilbara Minerals altered the design
                                                                                       Based on a proposed 5Mtpa stand-alone mining and processing
            of the plant from a configuration comprising two parallel
                                                                                       operation, the Stage 2 DFS indicates the Pilgangoora project
            2.5Mtpa processing trains (the PFS outcome) to a 2Mtpa and
                                                                                       will be a robust, high margin operation with current forecast
            3Mtpa processing train configuration.
                                                                                       life-of-mine revenue of A$12.2 billion (real) and life-of-mine
            The primary reason for this change was to maintain maximum                 project EBITDA of A$6.3 billion (real) over an estimated
            flexibility for the ultimate plant configuration to achieve higher         17-year mine life.
            throughput capacity and provide the ability to accommodate
            wider variability in ore feed as the Pilgangoora project continues
            to expand.



                                                                                                                                                                  19
For personal use only
            A summary of the key Stage 2, 5Mtpa DFS financial outcomes is                                      Although the mine life has been reduced, Pilbara Minerals
            provided in (Table 4):                                                                            is confident that the mine life will be extended through the
                                                                                                              conversion of additional Mineral Resources to Ore Reserves,
                                                                                      DFS - 5Mtpa
                                  STUDY OUTCOMES
                                                                                      BASE CASE
                                                                                                              based on the recent 35% increase in the total Measured and
                                                                                                              Indicated Resource to 129Mt grading 1.35% Li2O, 123ppm
              Estimated LOM                                                               17 years            Ta2O5 and 0.61% Fe2O3 (ASX announcement 29 May 2018).
              LOM project revenue (real)                                              A$12.2 billion
                                                                                                              PROCESSING OUTCOMES
              LOM project EBITDA (real)                                                A$6.3 billion
                                                                                                              To maximise the upside potential of the processing plant
              Stage 2 capital                                                        A$230.9 million          to achieve throughput rates above the design 5Mtpa feed
              Post-tax NPV 1 10%                                                     A$2,160 million          capacity, the DFS confirmed the processing plant design
                                                                                                              will retain the current 2Mtpa (Stage 1) and introduce a second
              First 5 years average annual EBITDA (real),                              A$418M per
              post ramp up                                                               annum                3Mtpa processing circuit to operate in parallel (Stage 2).
              First 5 years cash operating costs2                                     US$233/t CIF3
              (real, net Ta2O5 credits), post ramp up                                  (A$311/t CIF)          The revised feed for the processing plant will be an average
              LOM cash operating costs2                                               US$263/t CIF3           over the life-of-mine of 670tph (tonnes per hour) of ore at an
              (real, net of Ta2O5 credits)                                            (A$351/t CIF)           average utilisation rate of 85%. Average life-of-mine lithium
                                                                                       A$370M per             recovery remained largely unchanged from the PFS at 75%
              LOM average annual EBITDA (real)
                                                                                         annum                based on current test work program results.
              LOM forecast spodumene concentrate price (real)                         US$633/t CIF3
                                                                                                              The combination of the mine production schedule, ROM ore
            Table 4: DFS key financial outcomes
                                                                                                              grade and process plant production profile results in higher
            1.  Valuation date of 1 July 2018 at after tax nominal discount rate of 10%.                      spodumene concentrate production during the earlier years
            2.  Cash operating costs include mining, processing, transport, state and private royalties,
                native title costs, port, shipping/freight and site based general and administration costs,   of the Pilgangoora project (Figure 13 right).
                an allocation of corporate administration/overhead cost and are net of Ta2O5 by-product
                credits.
            3. CIF (“Cost Insurance and Freight”) (Incoterm) is a trade term requiring the seller to          CAPITAL COST ESTIMATE OUTCOMES
               deliver goods onboard at port of discharge, plus cover the cost of transport and
               freight insurance to the destination port.                                                     The capital cost estimate for an additional 3Mtpa processing
                                                                                                              circuit (Train 2), together with supporting infrastructure
            MINING OUTCOMES                                                                                   upgrades including all direct and indirect costs, is
            The production rate is planned to expand from 2Mtpa of ore                                        approximately A$231 million (± 15% accuracy) inclusive of
            feed to 5Mtpa of feed from the December Quarter of 2019.                                          A$20.6 million of contingency (ASX Announcement 3 August 2018).
            Mine life has reduced from approximately 41 years at the 2Mtpa
            rate to 17 years at 5Mtpa, based on the June 2017 Ore Reserve
            of 80.3Mt, depleted for any DSO sales up to 30 June 2018.




            Figure 12: Aerial photograph of planned Stage 2, 5Mtpa expansion (3D model)


       20               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
                                                                                Chemical Grade Lithium Spodumene                                    Tantalum Concentrate (RHS)

                                                                                                           AVERAGE ~ 800 KTPA SPODUMENE
                                   1,000,000                                                                                                                                                                              1,400,000
                                                                               895,948   889,813
                                    900,000                                                        865,923
                                                                                                                        814,312   808,748 805,372
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1,200,000




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TANTALUM CONCENTRATE (LBS)
                                                                     805,245                                 802,250                                782,630
                                    800,000                                                                                                                   747,089   742,251   744,200




        LITHIUM SPODUMENE (DMT)
                                                                                                                                                                                            725,253
                                                                                                                                                                                                      670,886   682,175   1,000,000
                                    700,000

                                    600,000                543,821                                                                                                                                                        800,000
                                    500,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          600,000
                                    400,000

                                    300,000                                                                                                                                                                               400,000
                                    200,000      246,805
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          200,000
                                     100,000

                                            0                                                                                                                                                                             0

                                                  2019     2020       2021      2022      2023      2024      2025       2026      2027     2028     2029      2030      2031      2032      2033      2034      2035

                                                                                                                       FINANCIAL YEAR END JUNE


                                  Figure 13: LOM spodumene (SC6.0 basis) and tantalite production profile




                                  Figure 14: Stage 2, 5Mtpa expansion - proposed project delivery schedule




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    21
For personal use only
            FINANCING
            Pilbara Minerals is working through several funding avenues           In addition to these offtake partners, Pilbara Minerals also has:
            to finance the A$231 million capital development cost (plus
                                                                                         •    a Mine Gate Sale Agreement in place with Pilbara
            any additional working capital requirements) required to
                                                                                              iron ore miner Atlas Iron for the DSO production
            implement the Stage 2, 5Mtpa expansion. These financing
                                                                                              from the Pilgangoora project for a minimum one
            options include, but are not limited to:
                                                                                              million tonnes; and
                        •   Existing cash reserves, inclusive of the A$80
                            million equity subscription by POSCO received                •    a primary tantalite concentrate sale agreement
                            in April 2018.                                                    with Global Advanced Metals Greenbushes, a
                        •   Cash flow from Stage 1 production.                                wholly-owned subsidiary of Global Advanced
                        •   Indicative pre-payment or debt finance facilities                 Metals, the leading vertically integrated provider
                            totalling up to US$100 millionfrom Ganfeng                        of tantalum metallurgical products and tantalum
                            Lithium and Great Wall Motors pursuant to                         powders for high-performance capacitors.
                            existing offtake agreements (refer to ASX
                                                                                  Further details of the offtake agreements secured during
                            announcements dated 2 May 2017 and 28
                                                                                  the 2018 financial year are set out in the following sections.
                            September 2017 respectively).
                        •   Access to funding from capital markets, including
                            existing senior secured bond holders or alternative   BATTERIES ARE THE FASTEST GROWING SEGMENT OF
                            bond and debt markets.                                LITHIUM DEMAND



            PRODUCT MARKETING                                                                           transportation
                                                                                                        cars, buses, bikes
            AND OFFTAKE
            Pilbara Minerals has assembled a high-quality, experienced
            global consortium of cornerstone offtake partners, with
            binding offtake agreements now in place for 300,000 tonnes
            per annum of spodumene concentrate under the 2Mtpa,
                                                                                                        consumer electronics
            Stage 1 mining operation, and up to an additional 540,000
            tonnes per annum under the Stage 2, 5Mtpa operation.
                                                                                                        + power tools + e-mobility

            These offtake agreements underpin the Pilgangoora
            project’s nominal production capacity of chemical-grade
            spodumene under both the Stage 1 and Stage 2 operations.
            PilbaraMinerals’ core group of offtake partners consists of
            major global corporations comprising General Lithium,                                       renewable
            Ganfeng Lithium, Great Wall Motor Company and POSCO.                                        grid storage




       22               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
            GREAT WALL MOTOR COMPANY                                          As part of Great Wall Motors’ commitment to the Pilgangoora
                                                                              project, it also completed a A$28 million equity investment in
            Founded in 1984 and headquartered in Baoding, Great
                                                                              Pilbara Minerals during the year, providing Great Wall Motors
            Wall Motor Company Limited (Great Wall Motors), is China’s
                                                                              with indirect ownership of approximately 3.21% of the issued
            largest pickup and sport-utility vehicle manufacturer. Great
                                                                              shares in Pilbara Minerals, as at 30 June 2018. This represents
            Wall Motors listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HK: 2333)
                                                                              the first direct investment by an automobile manufacturer
            in 2003 and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (CH: 601633) in 2011.
                                                                              into an Australian upstream supplier of lithium raw materials.
            With a market capitalisation of US$10.4 billion, it has over 30
            holding subsidiaries, more than 60,000 employees, and four        Pricing is a CIF (cost plus insurance and freight) price which
            vehicle manufacturing bases.                                      is re-set by a pricing formula which references the price of
                                                                              lithium carbonate. The price of lithium carbonate in the offtake
            A significant development for Great Wall Motors this year
                                                                              agreement is defined by historical import data and domestic
            was entering into a joint venture with BMW Group to
                                                                              pricing in China as determined by major cathode makers and
            produce MINI EVs in China.
                                                                              for high grade lithium carbonate. In certain circumstances, the
            The offtake agreement with Great Wall Motors encompasses          agreement provides for pricing to be based on market pricing
            75,000tpa of chemical grade spodumene concentrate (SC6.0          or by reference to a market index, should one develop over the
            basis) from the Stage 2, 5Mtpa operation, with the option         term of the offtake agreement.
            for a further 75,000tpa (for a total of 150,000tpa) following
                                                                              Pilbara Minerals has also secured a first right to negotiate
            agreement of binding terms with respect to a US$50 million
                                                                              and participate in future spodumene conversion capacity with
            debt or offtake prepayment funding facility. The facility would
                                                                              Great Wall Motors or one of its subsidiaries via joint venture
            be subject to all necessary approvals and consents including
                                                                              ownership of a process plant, and to supply it with spodumene
            from Pilbara Minerals’ existing financiers.
                                                                              concentrate equivalent to Pilbara Minerals’ percentage interest
                                                                              in the plant.



                                                                        Marketing Section
                                        Connected to the entire supply chain



                                          Chemical
                                                                Pre-Cursor
                                         Converters
                                                                                     Cathode                Cells &
                        Li Resource                                                                                                    EVs
                                                                 Cathode             Material            Battery Packs
                                        Battery Grade
                                                                 Material
                                          LiOH / LC


                                                 *




                                                            *



                                                        *
                                                                                                                         *Potential PLS JV partner


                                                                                                                                                     23
For personal use only
            POSCO                                                                       Pilbara Minerals                        POSCO

            With a market capitalisation of ~US$24 billion, POSCO is one
            of South Korea’s largest conglomerates, listed on the Korean
            Stock Exchange (KS:005490) and the NASDAQ (US: PKX) with                       PosLX JV        Zhejiang Huayau JV
            operations spanning the steel, engineering and construction,                   LiOH / LC            Co, Ni, Mn
                                                                                                                                        POSCO Steel
            trading and battery minerals sectors. POSCO has extensive
            operations across the globe, including in Australia, with
            more than 132,000 employees.
                                                                                                 POSCO ESM
            POSCO is one of the largest suppliers of steel to the global                    Cathoda-High Ni NCM,
                                                                                                                         POSCO Chemtec                 POSCO ICT
                                                                                                                         Graphite Anode               EV Charging
            automobile industry and has a vision to become a ‘total                            LMO Anode-LTO
            solution provider’ for EVs. POSCO is rapidly expanding its
            capabilities in the production of battery grade products, and
            cathode and anode materials for the growing battery materials                              Battery Manufacturers
            market in the Asian region. Pilbara Minerals has entered into a
            broad-based strategic relationship with POSCO encompassing
            long-term offtake, strategic funding and joint venture               Cathode Materials Market            Electic Vehicle Manufacturers
            participation in a downstream conversion plant in South
            Korea, which provides Pilbara Minerals with a first-mover
            position in this fast-growing market.                                                                      Electic Vehicle Infrastructure

            The landmark agreements with POSCO encompass a binding             Figure 15: Illustration of the proposed JV within POSCO's position in the
            life-of-mine offtake agreement for an initial 80,000tpa of         lithium supply chain and ultimately EV development
            chemical grade spodumene concentrate (SC6.0 basis) from
            the Stage 2, 5Mtpa expansion, increasing up to 240,000tpa
                                                                               MINE GATE SALE AGREEMENT WITH ATLAS IRON
            upon Pilbara Minerals’ minimum participation of 30% in a
            downstream joint venture conversion plant in South                 During the year, Pilbara Minerals entered into a Mine Gate
            Korea (Figure 15). Spodumene concentrate pricing will be on        Sale Agreement (MGSA) with Pilbara iron ore miner Atlas Iron.
            commercial terms based on battery grade hydroxide and
                                                                               Under the MGSA, Pilbara Minerals will deliver a minimum of
            carbonate pricing in South Korean import and (future)
                                                                               1.0Mt of unprocessed ROM lithium-tantalum material from the
            export markets.
                                                                               Pilgangoora mine to Atlas Iron on a mine gate sale basis, based
            In addition, POSCO and its wholly-owned subsidiary, POSCO          on a delivery schedule which is designed to allow Atlas Iron to
            Australia Limited, completed a A$79.6 million direct equity        ship approximately 100,000 tonnes of DSO per month to offtake
            investment in Pilbara Minerals during the year; the first by a     customers.
            South Korean manufacturer of lithium ion battery materials
                                                                               Atlas Iron is utilising its existing processing and logistics
            into an upstream spodumene concentrate producer.
                                                                               infrastructure in the Pilbara to crush the material at its Mount
            The Stage 2 offtake agreement with POSCO accounts for              Dove iron ore operations and ship the DSO to customers
            up to 30% of the expanded production capacity from the             through its Utah Port shipping facilities in Port Hedland.
            Pilgangoora project following the Stage 2, 5Mtpa expansion
                                                                               The overall agreement delivers an attractive fixed US$ base
            and is earmarked for supply into a jointly-owned downstream
                                                                               price per wet metric tonne of mine gate material sold, subject
            processing conversion facility located in South Korea, in which
                                                                               to adjustments in respect of the final product specifications
            Pilbara Minerals would hold a minimum investment of 30%
                                                                               shipped and the actual shipping costs realised.
            in the facility.
                                                                               Under the terms of the MGSA, Atlas Iron paid Pilbara Minerals a
            POSCO has agreed to provide an unsecured convertible bond
                                                                               Mine Gate Commitment fee of US$3 million to fund the upfront
            to Pilbara Minerals totalling A$79.6 million on attractive terms
                                                                               establishment costs associated with the DSO program at the
            to fund Pilbara Minerals’ 30% participation in the downstream
                                                                               Pilgangoora project.
            joint venture.


       24               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
            The MGSA has provided an opportunity for Pilbara Minerals
            to generate upfront revenue and cash flow in the early stages
            of commissioning and ramp up of the Pilgangoora project
            without detracting from the core focus of building a long-term
            spodumene concentrate business. It is also consistent with
            Pilbara Minerals’ desire to support the rapid growth of the
            lithium ion supply chain (particularly in China).

            The first DSO shipment under the MGSA left Port Hedland
            on 16 June 2018.

            TANTALUM OFFTAKE AGREEMENT WITH GLOBAL
            ADVANCED METALS PTY LTD
            During the year, Pilbara Minerals entered into a tantalite
            concentrate sale agreement with Global Advanced Metals
            Greenbushes Pty Ltd (GAMG), a wholly-owned subsidiary
            of Global Advanced Metals Pty Ltd, the leading vertically
            integrated provider of tantalum metallurgical products and
            powders for high-performance capacitors.

            The GAMG offtake agreement comprises 100,000 pounds
            of contained Ta2O5 as primary 4-5% concentrates, over a
            two-year term. The offtake agreement covers a portion of
            the forecast annual tantalite production from Stage 1,
            2Mtpa of the Pilgangoora project of 321,000 pounds per
            annum in a lower grade concentrate category. This provides
            Pilbara Minerals with greater flexibility to sell this by-product
            during the commissioning and ramp up phase of the
            Pilgangoora project.

            Global Advanced Metals Pty Ltd is one of the world’s leading
            suppliers of tantalum products and is committed to the
            responsible supply of tantalum in all its forms. Global Advanced
            Metals Pty Ltd also trades tantalum on international markets,
            produces and supplies tin and manufactures niobium metal
            products.

            Pilbara Minerals remains engaged with other buyers in the
            tantalum market for the balance of its tantalite production,
            and is encouraged by the strength of evident demand for
            stable western sources of high quality concentrate. Pilbara
            Minerals will continue to engage with the market




                                                                                25
For personal use only
            OTHER PROJECTS
            MOUNT FRANCISCO                                                   LYNAS FIND PROJECT
            The Mount Francisco joint venture between Pilbara Minerals        The Lynas Find Lithium project comprises granted Exploration
            (51%) and Atlas Iron (49%), which is located 50km south-west      Licences E45/3648 and E45/4523 and Prospecting Licence
            of the Company’s flagship Pilgangoora project, hosts the last     P45/2783 and, Exploration Licences E45/4624, E45/4633,
            remaining large occurrence of outcropping pegmatites              E45/4640 and E45/4689.
            located close to Port Hedland (Figure 16).
                                                                              During the year, a final payment of $1,000,000 was paid to
            The Mount Francisco project sits within an established zone       Dakota Minerals Ltd following the granting of the Exploration
            of known lithium deposits and represents a highly attractive      Licences. The tenements were subsequently transferred to
            addition to the Company’s world-class lithium portfolio,          Pilbara Minerals.
            offering the potential for significant resource scale in close
                                                                              Exploration undertaken to date has included geological
            proximity to accessible infrastructure.
                                                                              mapping, RC drilling and reclassification of Resources.
            Regulatory approvals were secured during the year including
            the execution of a Land Access Agreement with the Mugarinya       WEST PILBARA TENEMENTS
            Community Association Inc., the Aboriginal occupier and
                                                                              Exploration over Pilbara Minerals’ West Pilbara tenements
            lessee of Crown Reserve 31428, in which the Mount Francisco
                                                                              included acquisition of aeromagnetic data, heritage surveys,
            tenement is located, as well as a Heritage Agreement with the
                                                                              geological mapping and reconnaissance geochemistry. In
            registered Native Title Claim Group, the Kariyarra People,
                                                                              addition, water exploration including several reconnaissance
            whose claim area includes Mount Francisco.
                                                                              drill holes was undertaken over several target areas.
            The Aboriginal Lands Trust Board and the Minister for
            Aboriginal Affairs also approved an Entry Permit Application
            to Mount Francisco which enabled the Company to undertake
            early works exploration activities including geological mapping
            and surface geochemistry.

            The Company anticipates completing its inaugural RC drilling
            program at Mount Francisco prior to the end of the September
            Quarter 2018.




                                                                              Figure 16: Mount Francisco location plan and view of the northern margin of range
                                                                              during mapping program




       26               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
            COMPETENT PERSON STATEMENTS                                          to the styles of mineralization and types of deposits under
                                                                                 consideration to qualify as a Competent Person as defined
            The Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves statements in this
                                                                                 in the JORC Code. Mr Fotakis has consented to the inclusion
            Annual Report were approved as a whole by John Holmes
                                                                                 in this report of the matters based on his information in the
            (full-time Exploration and Geology Manager of Pilbara Minerals
                                                                                 form and context in which they appear.
            Limited), a suitably qualified Competent Person as defined
            in the 2012 Edition of the Joint Ore Reserves Committee
                                                                                 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
            ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results,
            Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’ (JORC Code).                     This Annual Report may contain some references to forecasts,
                                                                                 estimates, assumptions and other forward-looking statements.
            The information in this report that relates to Exploration           Although the Company believes that its expectations, estimates
            Results and Exploration Targets is based on and fairly               and forecast outcomes are based on reasonable assumptions,
            represents information prepared by Mr John Holmes (full-time         it can give no assurance that they will be achieved. They may
            Exploration and Geology Manager of Pilbara Minerals Limited).        be affected by a variety of variables and changes in underlying
            Mr Holmes is a shareholder of Pilbara Minerals. Mr Holmes is         assumptions that are subject to risk factors associated with
            a member of the Australasian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr          the nature of the business, which could cause actual results
            Holmes has sufficient experience that is relevant to the styles      to differ materially from those expressed herein. Investors
            of mineralisation and types of deposits under consideration          should make and rely upon their own enquiries before
            and to the activities undertaken to qualify as a Competent           deciding to acquire or deal in the Company’s securities.
            Person as defined in the JORC Code. Mr Holmes consents
            to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on his
            information in the form and context in which they appear.

            The information in this report that relates to Mineral Resources
            is based on and fairly represents information prepared by Mr
            Lauritz Barnes (Consultant with Trepanier Pty Ltd) and Mr
            John Holmes (full-time Exploration and Geology Manager
            of Pilbara Minerals Limited). Mr Holmes is a shareholder of
            Pilbara Minerals. Mr Barnes is a member of the Australasian
            Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and Mr Holmes is a member
            of the Australasian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Barnes and
            Mr Holmes each have sufficient experience that is relevant
            to the styles of mineralisation and types of deposits under
            consideration and to the activities undertaken to qualify as
            Competent Persons as defined in the JORC Code. Mr Barnes
            and Mr Holmes each consent to the inclusion in this report of
            the matters based on their information in the form and context
            in which they appear.

            The information in this report that relates to Ore Reserves is
            based on and fairly represents information prepared by Mr
            Dion Fotakis (Technical Services Manager, Minjar Gold Pty Ltd).
            Mr Fotakis is a Fellow of the Australasian Institute of Mining and
            Metallurgy. Mr Fotakis has sufficient experience that is relevant




                                                                                                                                                   27
            ABBREVIATIONS
            AND DEFINITIONS




For personal use only
              ABBREVIATIONS                                                DEFINITIONS
              BEV            Battery electric vehicle
                                                                           Mineral Resources
              CIF            Cost plus insurance and freight               Is a concentration or occurrence of material of intrinsic
                                                                           economic interest in or on the Earth's crust in such a
                             Department of Mines, Industry Regulation      form, quantity or quality that there are no reasonable
              DMIRS
                             and Safety                                    prospects for eventual economic extraction. The location,
                                                                           quality, grade, geological characteristics and continuity
              DMS            Heavy/dense media separation                  of a Mineral Resource are known, estimated or interpreted
                                                                           from specific geological evidence and knowledge.
              DMT            Dry metric tonnes

              DFS            Definitive Feasibility Study
                                                                           Ore Reserves
              DSO            Direct Shipping Ore                           Is the economically mineable part of a Measured and/
                             Department of Water and Environmental         or Indicated Resource. It includes diluting materials
              DWER                                                         and allowances for losses, which may occur when the
                             Regulation
                                                                           material is mined. Appropriate assessments and studies
                             Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation   have been carried out that demonstrate at the time of
              EBITDA
                             and amortsation                               reporting that extraction could be reasonably justified.

              ESS            Energy storage system

              EV             Electric vehicle

              Fe2O3          Iron oxide

              FID            Final investment decision

              GMAG           Global Advanced Metals Greenbushes Pty Ltd

              GWh            Gigawatt hours

              lbs            Pounds

              LCE            Lithium carbonate equivalent

              Li2O           Lithium oxide

              LOM            Life of mine

              MGSA           Mine Gate Sales Agreement

              Mt             Million tonnes

              Mtpa           Million tonnes per annum

              NPV            Net present value

              RHS            Right hand side

              PFS            Preliminary Feasibility Study

              PHEV           Plug-in hybrid electric vehicle

              RC             Reverse circulation

              ROM            Run of mine

              t              Tonnes

              Ta2O5          Tantalite

              Tpa            Tonnes per annum

              Tph            Tonnes per hour

              TRIFR          Total recordable injury frequency rate

              Wmt            Wet metric tonnes
       28               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




For personal use only
                        DIRECTORS' REPORT								                           30

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 				       54
                        AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION   		   55

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY		       56

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASHFLOWS					            57

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS			   58

                        DIRECTORS' DECLARATION			            				           90

                        ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION			          		   94

                        CORPORATE DIRECTORY								                         98




                                                                                 29
            DIRECTORS' REPORT
            For the year ended 30 June 2018
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial statements of the Group comprising
                        of Pilbara Minerals Limited (“Pilbara Minerals or the Company”) and its subsidiaries for the financial year
                        ended 30 June 2018 and the auditor’s report thereon. The Directors’ report and consolidated financial




For personal use only
                        statements are presented in Australian dollars, except where otherwise indicated.

                        DIRECTORS
                        The Directors of the Company at any time during or since the end of the financial year are:

                         Name, qualifications and
                                                    Experience, special responsibilities and other directorships
                         independence status
                         Mr Anthony Kiernan         Mr Anthony (Tony) Kiernan is an experienced public company director and former
                         LLB                        commercial solicitor who has extensive experience in the management and operation of
                         Chairman and               listed public companies. Mr Kiernan is a member of the Remuneration and Nomination
                         Independent Non-           Committee.
                         Executive Director         Mr Kiernan is also Chairman of the Fiona Wood Foundation.
                         Appointed 1 July 2016      Other current ASX directorships: Mr Kiernan is a director of the following entities, which
                                                    are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange:
                                                    • Chalice Gold Mines Limited (since 2007); and
                                                    • Venturex Resources Limited (since 2010).
                                                    Former ASX directorships in the last three years: BC Iron Limited (2006 to 7 December
                                                    2016) and Danakali Limited (2013 to 6 February 2017).

                         Mr Ken Brinsden            Mr Brinsden is a mining engineer with over 23 years’ experience in surface and
                         BEng (Mining), MAusIMM,    underground mining operations. Since graduation from the Western Australian School of
                         MAICD                      Mines, Mr Brinsden has worked for major mining companies including WMC Resources
                         Chief Executive Officer    Limited, Normandy Mining Limited, Central Norseman Gold Corporation, Iluka Resources
                         and Managing Director      Limited, Gold Fields Limited and Atlas Iron Limited.

                         Appointed 4 May 2016       Mr Brinsden was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company in January 2016
                                                    and subsequently appointed to the Board as Managing Director effective from 4 May
                                                    2016.
                                                    Other current ASX directorships: None.
                                                    Former ASX directorships in the last three years: Atlas Iron Limited (22 February 2012
                                                    to 27 April 2016).




                                                                                                                                   Page 4 of 67




       30               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                            …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        Name, qualifications and
                                                    Experience, special responsibilities and other directorships
                        independence status
                        Mr Steve Scudamore          Mr Scudamore is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants, England, Wales and




For personal use only
                        FCA, MA (Oxon), FAICD, SF   Australia (FCA), a Fellow of the Institute of Company Directors (FAICD) and a Senior Fellow
                        Fin                         of the Financial Services Institute of Australia (SF Fin).
                        Independent Non-            Mr Scudamore’s career includes 28 years as a partner at KPMG, where he served as a
                        Executive Director          member of KPMG’s Global Energy and Natural Resources Group, KPMG’s Australian
                        Appointed 18 July 2016      Corporate Finance Executive and Board, and Chairman of Partners in Western Australia.
                                                    Mr Scudamore is Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee and is a member of the
                                                    Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                                                    Mr Scudamore is also Chairman of MDA Insurance Pty Ltd, and holds board positions on
                                                    industry, government and community boards, including as a Trustee of the Western
                                                    Australian Museum, Chairman of Amana Living Incorporated (formerly Anglican Homes)
                                                    and a member of Council at Curtin University. Mr Scudamore is also a senior advisor to
                                                    Lazard Australia.
                                                    Other current ASX directorships: Australis Oil & Gas Limited (since November 2016).
                                                    Former ASX directorships in the last three years: Aquila Resources Pty Ltd (10
                                                    December 2012 to 7 June 2016) and Altona Mining Limited (18 March 2013 to 4 April
                                                    2018).

                        Mr Nicholas Cernotta        Mr Nicholas Cernotta has more than 30 years’ experience in the mining industry, spanning
                        B. Eng (Mining)             various commodities and operations in Australia, Africa, South East and Central Asia,
                        Independent                 Saudi Arabia and Papua New Guinea. He holds a Bachelor of Mining Engineering and has
                        Non-Executive Director      held senior executive roles with extensive operational experience in both the public and
                                                    private sectors of the mineral resources industry. Previous roles held include Director of
                        Appointed 6 February 2017
                                                    Operations at Fortescue Metals Group Ltd, Chief Operating Officer at MacMahon
                                                    Contracting and Director of Operation at Barrick Gold.
                                                    Mr Cernotta is a member of the Audit and Risk Committee and is Chairman of the
                                                    Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                                                    Other current ASX directorships: Non-Executive Director of Panoramic Resources
                                                    Limited (since May 2018).
                                                    Former ASX directorships in the last three years: ServTech Global (October 2016 to
                                                    November 2017).

                        Ms Sally-Anne Layman        Ms Layman is a mining professional, corporate financier and advisor with 23 years of
                        B. Eng (Mining) Hon, B      international and cross-commodity experience. Previously, Ms Layman held a range of
                        Com                         senior positions with Macquarie Group Limited, including as Division Director and Joint
                                                    Head of the Perth office of the Metals, Mining & Agriculture Division.
                        Independent
                        Non-Executive Director      More recently, Ms Layman has worked as a consultant providing financial consulting
                                                    services to miners and explorers, including strategy and business development.
                        Appointed 20 April 2018
                                                    Ms Layman is a member of the Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                    Other current ASX directorships: Non-Executive Director of Perseus Mining Limited
                                                    (since September 2017), IMDEX Limited (since February 2017) and Gascoyne Resources
                                                    Limited (since June 2017).
                                                    Former ASX directorships in the last three years: None.




                                                                                                                                                                    31
                                                                                                                                       Page 5 of 67
                         Name, qualifications and
                                                          Experience, special responsibilities and other directorships
                         independence status
                         Mr John Young                    Mr John Young is a geologist having been engaged on exploration and production




For personal use only
                         BAppSc (Geology), Grad           projects encompassing gold, uranium and specialty metals. From 2002 to 2006, Mr Young
                         Dip – Technology                 was Exploration Manager for Haddington Resources Limited and was responsible for
                         Management, MAusIMM              resource exploration and resource definition for their Bald Hill Tantalum mine. Mr Young’s
                         Executive Director               corporate experience has included appointments as Chief Executive Officer of Marenica
                                                          Energy Limited and Chief Executive Officer and Director of Thor Mining PLC. Mr Young
                         4 September 2015 to 31
                                                          was responsible for exploration and evaluation for both the Pilgangoora and Tabba Tabba
                         July 2017
                                                          projects since their acquisition by the Company, until his resignation.
                         Non-Executive Director
                                                          Other current ASX directorships: Non-Executive Director of Mosman Oil and Gas
                         Appointed 1 August 2017          Limited and Managing Director of Spitfire Materials Limited (from 29 June 2017).
                         to 20 April 2018
                                                          Former ASX directorships in the last three years: None.


                         Mr Neil Biddle                   Mr Neil Biddle is a geologist and Corporate Member of the Australasian Institute of
                         BAppSc (Geology),                Mining and Metallurgy. He has over 30 years professional and management experience
                         MAusIMM                          in the exploration and mining industry and since 1987 has served on the Board of several
                         Executive Director               ASX listed companies. Mr Biddle was Managing Director of TNG Ltd from 1998 to 2007,
                                                          Border Gold NL from 1994 to 1998, and Consolidated Victorian Mines from 1991 to 1994.
                         30 May 2013 to 19 August
                         2016                             Other current ASX directorships: Director of Spitfire Materials Limited (from 29 June
                                                          2017).
                         Non-Executive Director
                                                          Former ASX directorships in the last three years: Arunta Resources Limited (4 April
                         20 August 2016 to 26 July
                                                          2013 to 8 April 2015).
                         2017


                        COMPANY SECRETARY
                        Mr Alex Eastwood, B. Economics; LLB

                        Mr Eastwood was appointed Company Secretary on 1 September 2016 and has more than 20 years’ experience
                        as a commercial lawyer, company secretary and corporate finance executive. Mr Eastwood has previously held
                        partnerships with two international law firms and has extensive experience as an executive director in the
                        corporate finance area. Mr Eastwood has also held a number of senior corporate positions with ASX-listed
                        companies including as General Counsel and Company Secretary with Gryphon Minerals Ltd and General
                        Counsel with Imdex Limited.

                        DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS
                        The number of board and committee meetings attended by each Director of the Company during the financial
                        year are:
                                                                                                Audit and Risk         Remuneration and Nomination
                                                                 Board Meetings
                                                                                                 Committee                     Committee
                         Number of Meetings                             17                             5                            1
                                                                             Eligible to                    Eligible                    Eligible to
                                                            Attended                        Attended                     Attended
                         Director                                              attend                      to attend                      attend
                         Mr Anthony Kiernan                     17               17             4             4             1               1
                         Mr Ken Brinsden                        12               16             -              -            -                -
                         Mr Neil Biddle*                         -               1              -              -            -                -
                         Mr John Young**                        12               13             -              -            -                -
                         Mr Steve Scudamore                     17               17             5             5             1               1
                         Mr Nicholas Cernotta                   17               17             4             5             1               1
                         Ms Sally-Anne Layman***                3                3              1             1             -                -
                        * Mr Biddle retired as a Non-Executive Director on 26 July 2017.
                        ** Mr Young retired as a Non-Executive Director on 20 April 2018.
                        *** Ms Layman was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 20 April 2018.

       32               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                           Page 6 of 67
                                                                                                                      …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        The Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration and Nomination Committee consist solely of non-executive
                        directors.




For personal use only
                        PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                        The principal activities of the Group during the year were the exploration and development of mineral
                        resources, being primarily the Pilgangoora Project (“Pilgangoora” or “Project”). During the year the Group
                        commenced the development and commissioning of the Pilgangoora mine and processing facility and started
                        direct shipping ore (“DSO”) mining operations.

                        Objectives
                        The Group’s objectives are to:
                        • complete development and mine the world class lithium-tantalum deposit at the 100% owned Pilgangoora
                          Project located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia;
                        • continue to conduct exploration activities at the Pilgangoora Project to increase the existing JORC resource
                          and reserve;
                        • further exploration at its other North Pilbara exploration projects; and
                        • undertake participation in downstream chemical processing opportunities to leverage the size and quality
                          of the Project.

                        In order to meet these objectives, the following targets have been set for the 2019 financial year and beyond:
                        • Safety:
                                    -   total recordable injury frequency rate (“TRIFR”) of less than 4.5.
                        • Pilgangoora Stage 1 (“Stage 1”) being the 2 million tonnes per annum (“Mtpa”) Project:
                                    -   first spodumene concentrate shipment in the September quarter; and
                                    -   achieve nameplate production capacity of 320,000dmt per annum of 6.0% spodumene
                                        concentrate and 300,000lbs per annum of tantalite product during the 2019 financial year.
                        • Pilgangoora Stage 2 (“Stage 2”) being the 5 Mtpa expansion to produce approximately 800,000 to
                          850,000dmt per annum of 6.0% spodumene concentrate:
                                    -   make a financial investment decision (“FID”) in the first quarter of the 2019 financial year (the
                                        DFS having been completed and approved by the Board in August 2018); and
                                    -   target commissioning in the December 2019 quarter.
                        • To determine a joint venture with POSCO for Pilbara Minerals’ 30% participation in the development and
                          operation of a 30,000tpa downstream chemical conversion facility in South Korea.

                        OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

                        Review of Operations
                        During the year, the Company largely completed construction works for Stage 1 of the Project and started
                        plant commissioning activities with first fines concentrates produced during commissioning in June 2018. The
                        Company commenced DSO mining operations with the first delivery of DSO product taking place during May
                        2018 pursuant to the Company’s Minegate Sale Agreement with Atlas Iron Limited.

                        The Company continued to focus on the Stage 2 5Mtpa expansion completing the DFS in early August 2018
                        which confirmed a compelling case for the Stage 2 expansion to produce approximately 800,000 to 850,000dmt
                        per annum of 6.0% spodumene concentrate.

                        During the year the Company announced a substantial increase to measure and indicated resource for the
                        Project following successful exploration and infill drill programs.

                                                                                                                                                              33
                                                                                                                                 Page 7 of 67
                        Review of Principal Business
                        Pilgangoora Lithium-Tantalum Project




For personal use only
                        Pilgangoora Stage 1 Development
                        The primary focus of activities for the year centred on delivery of the Pilgangoora Stage 1 operating mine.
                        Development progressed well during the year with all key project metrics achieved.

                        The Project was successfully constructed during the year. Despite several cyclones, schedule was maintained
                        with commissioning commencing in the fourth quarter of 2018.

                        The Company also undertook operations readiness activities for Stage 1 including award of operational
                        contracts, procurement, recruitment, training and systems implementation. Key operational contracts awarded
                        during the year included crushing, mining and haulage services.

                        A robust operational readiness program was completed to ensure reporting systems, procurement, training
                        and onboarding of operating personnel occurred to support the operation.

                        Exploration
                        During the year, the Company completed an extensive program of exploration, and strategic development
                        drilling at Pilgangoora. The Company undertook PQ diamond drilling over key parts of the resource for
                        advanced metallurgical test-work as part of the Stage 2 expansion study. RC grade control drilling also
                        continued over areas within the already defined Central and Monster DSO pits, providing high level confidence
                        in the existing reserve base.

                        Exploration drilling programs were designed to target extensions to known near-surface pegmatites showing
                        potential to add material tonnes to the existing resource base and assist with final pit designs. Prospects
                        targeted included the Far East, West End, Monster and Central. All up, 165 reverse circulation drill holes were
                        completed for a total of 28,382 metres. In addition, a PQ diamond drilling program including 13 holes for a
                        total of 799 metres of drill core were completed at the Central and Eastern prospects.

                        New zones of high-grade pegmatite mineralisation have been defined from the RC drilling across multiple
                        prospects, with thick high-grade zones also intersected outside of the current Mineral Resource at the Central
                        and Monster deposits.

                        Results from the exploration drilling programs culminated in a 36% increase in the Total Measured, Indicated
                        and Inferred Resource inventory to 213Mt grading 1.32% Li2O (lithia) and 116ppm Ta2O5 and 1.08% Fe2O3
                        as shown in the table below:



                             Category        Tonnage (Mt)         Li2O (%)         Ta2O5 (ppm)          Li2O (t)        Ta2O5 (Mlbs)

                            Measured              22.1              1.41               146               311,000             7.1
                             Indicated           107.0              1.34               119             1,435,000            28.0
                             Inferred             84.2              1.27               105             1,071,000            19.4
                              Total              213.3              1.32               116            2,818,000            54.6


                        Access negotiations to enable exploration activity at Mt Francisco Project (Pilbara 51% and earning up to 80%
                        from Atlas Iron Limited, pending exploration and feasibility expenditure) advanced with both the Mugarinya
                        Land Access Agreement and Kariyarra Heritage Agreements executed in June 2018. The Company submitted
                        an application for an Entry Permit to Mt Francisco to enable exploration activity. The application has been
                        reviewed by the Aboriginal Lands Trust Board, who have passed a positive recommendation to the Minister for
                        Aboriginal Affairs. The Company is awaiting consideration of the recommendation by the Minister before
                        commencing non-ground disturbing exploration activities.

       34               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                            Page 8 of 67
                                                                                                                                           …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        Expansion Studies - Pilgangoora Stage 2 (5Mtpa) Feasibility
                        In August 2017 the Stage 2 feasibility metallurgical test work program was scoped out in preparation for




For personal use only
                        commencement in September 2018.

                        In September 2017 the Company commenced work on a DFS for a 5Mtpa expansion. Key technical works were
                        undertaken with respect to mining and mine design, metallurgical test-work, process design, infrastructure,
                        tailings management, hydrogeology and hydrology, power and environmental assessments. Ahead of the DFS,
                        the Company released a positive pre-feasibility study in February 2018 for the 5Mtpa expansion case.

                        Subsequently, the Company released the DFS in August 2018. The key financial outcomes from the DFS
                        included:
                             • Stage 2 project post-tax NPV10% of $2.16 billion before financing, life-of-mine (“LOM”) project revenue
                                 of $12.20 billion and LOM EBITDA of $6.30 billion;
                             • Project capital estimate of $231 million +/- 15%; and
                             • LOM operating cash costs* of US$263/tonne of spodumene concentrate CIF.
                        *Cash operating costs include mining, processing, transport, state and private royalties, native title costs, port, shipping/freight, site
                        based general and administration costs and an allocation of corporate administration overheads. Cash operating costs are net of Ta2O5
                        by-product credits.

                        Tabba Tabba Tantalum Project
                        Site closure activities at the Tabba Tabba Tantalum Project were completed in June 2017. Formal acceptance
                        from the Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety (formerly Department of Mines and Petroleum)
                        was received during August 2017.

                        During the year ending 30 June 2018 the Company sold the Tabba Tabba processing plant assets to Tungsten
                        Mining NL for $0.30 million in cash and 7,500,000 ordinary shares in Tungsten Mining NL.


                        Corporate Review
                        During the year ending 30 June 2018, the Company signed an offtake agreement to supply 75,000tpa of
                        chemical grade spodumene concentrate from Stage 2 production to China’s Great Wall Motor Company
                        (“Great Wall”) over an initial 5-year term, with Great Wall being able to extend this quantum of supply for up
                        to an additional 10 years via two 5-year options. Under the agreed off-take terms, Great Wall has the ability
                        to secure an additional 75,000tpa of Stage 2 off-take, for a total off-take volume of 150,000tpa, by providing
                        Pilbara with up to US$50 million of debt financing for its Stage 2 expansion via a debt or offtake pre-payment
                        facility.

                        In combination with the offtake agreement, Great Wall also executed a Subscription Agreement for a A$28
                        million equity investment in Pilbara Minerals with these proceeds contributing towards the completion of Stage
                        1 of the Pilgangoora Project and financing the Stage 2 DFS. This equity subscription was completed on 30
                        October 2017, with the Company issuing 56 million fully paid ordinary shares at 50 cents per share for total
                        proceeds of $28 million.

                        In February 2018, the Company entered into a broad-based strategic relationship with leading South Korean
                        industrial conglomerate POSCO encompassing long-term off-take, strategic funding and potential joint
                        venture participation in a downstream chemical conversion plant in South Korea. Landmark agreements
                        executed included:
                            • a binding life-of-mine off-take for an initial 80,000tpa of chemical grade spodumene concentrate from
                                 the 5Mtpa Stage 2 Pilgangoora Project, with this volume increasing to up to 240,000tpa on Pilbara’s
                                 joint venture election to participate in a lithium carbonate/lithium hydroxide conversion plant in South
                                 Korea;
                            • an Equity Subscription Agreement providing a A$79.6 million direct equity investment in Pilbara
                                 Minerals. The equity subscription agreement was completed on 29 March 2018, with the Company
                                 issuing 82.1 million fully paid shares at a premium of 97 cents per share for total proceeds of $79.6


                                                                                                                                                                                   35
                                                                                                                                                      Page 9 of 67
                                million; and
                            •   a Convertible Bond Agreement for the provision of A$79.6 million by way of an unsecured convertible
                                bonds to fund the Company’s potential 30% joint venture participation in a lithium carbonate/lithium




For personal use only
                                hydroxide conversion plant in South Korea. The bonds would be provided on attractive terms, including
                                the conversion of the bonds to shares being at Pilbara Minerals’ sole election.

                        The proceeds received from the A$79.6 million equity investment from POSCO may be applied to fund working
                        capital as well as the 5Mtpa Stage 2 expansion of the Pilgangoora Project and accelerate plans to bring it into
                        production as soon as possible.

                        During the December 2017 quarter, the Company signed a 2-year tantalite offtake agreement with Global
                        Advanced Metals Greenbushes Pty Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the leading vertically integrated global
                        tantalum products provider Global Advanced Metals Pty Ltd, comprising 100,000lbs of contained Ta2O5 as
                        primary 4-5% concentrates.

                        On 2 August 2017, the Company received proceeds of $13.5 million from Tranche 2 of the share placement
                        (38,671,430 shares at 35 cents per share) announced in June 2017 and $15.3 million from the Company’s Share
                        Purchase Plan (43,777,251 shares at 35 cents per share) to complete the $228 million debt and equity funding
                        for Stage 1 of the Pilgangoora Project.

                        Following satisfaction of all conditions precedent, financial closure for the Company’s US$100 million senior
                        secured bond was achieved on 6 October 2017 allowing the Company to draw-down bond proceeds once the
                        Company’s project equity contributions were expended. At the date of this report, Pilbara Minerals has drawn
                        down the entire bond balance of US$100 million following satisfaction of all conditions required to draw down
                        the bond, including customary cost-to-complete tests. All proceeds from the draw down have been applied
                        towards project construction and plant commissioning costs at the Pilgangoora project.

                        During the year the Company issued 49.38 million fully paid ordinary shares following the exercise of 51.98
                        million unlisted options. Proceeds totalling $19.97 million were received following the exercise of these
                        options.

                        On 15 August 2017, the Company completed settlement of the Lynas Find tenement acquisition with Novo
                        Litio (formerly Dakota Minerals Limited) following the grant and transfer of the four remaining tenements to
                        Pilbara Minerals. Total consideration of $3 million was paid via the issue of 7,577,671 ordinary fully paid shares
                        in the Company at a share price of 39.59 cents.

                        On 21 September 2017 the Company executed a sale agreement with Tungsten Mining NL to sell the
                        processing plant assets associated with the Tabba Tabba Tantalum Project. During the year the Company
                        received consideration of $0.3 million in cash and 7,500,000 ordinary shares in Tungsten Mining NL
                        (consideration of $0.3 million). During the June 2018 quarter the Company sold these shares in Tungsten
                        Mining NL for a cash consideration of $4.3 million.

                        Pilbara Minerals was included in the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index effective from 18 December 2017,
                        reflecting the increase in its market capitalisation to over $1.87 billion as at that date. As at 30 June 2018, the
                        Company had a market capitalisation of $1.60 billion.

                        Review of Financial Conditions
                        The consolidated loss for the year ended 30 June 2018 was $19.42 million (2017 loss: $25.95 million). The loss
                        includes the following non-cash items:
                        • Non-cash share-based payment expense of $4.63 million (2017: $12.42 million);
                        • Non-cash depreciation charge of $1.50 million (2017: $0.09 million); and
                        • Unrealised foreign exchange losses of $6.36 million largely relating to the restatement of the US$
                          denominated secured bond to the year-end closing foreign exchange rate.


       36               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                               Page 10 of 67
                                                                                                                                              …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        Share Placements and Issues
                        During the financial year, the Company issued the following shares, excluding options exercised, before costs:




For personal use only
                            Date                                    Number of shares                  Price per share ($)              Amount issued ($’000)
                            02 August 2017                           43,777,251                              $0.35                            15,322
                            03 August 2017                           38,671,430                              $0.35                            13,535
                            15 August 2017                            7,577,671                              $0.40                              3,000
                            30 October 2017                          56,000,000                              $0.50                            28,000
                            29 March 2018                            82,065,000                              $0.97                            79,603
                            04 April 2018                               505,278                              $0.89                                450

                        Options Issued
                        During the financial year, the Company granted the following options:
                                                                                                                                          Options unexercised
                                 Option               Grant date           Exercise price         Expiry date            Vested
                                                                                                                                           at 30 June 2018
                                 1,500,000            01/09/2017                $0.45            31/08/2020                 750,000a                750,000
                                 2,000,000            01/09/2017                $0.45            31/08/2020                       -b              2,000,000
                                 2,000,000            23/11/2017                $0.90            08/12/2020             1,333,333c                2,000,000
                        a
                            The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options were:
                            •     50% vest upon a Board determination in respect of the Pilgangoora Project mine development and plant construction being
                                  largely complete (both for civil works and mine establishment) and the process plant having achieved a nominal 85% of its
                                  design throughput capacity during production runs, at a saleable product specification; and
                            •     50% vest immediately on the date of allotment.
                            •     A continuing employment service condition at the time the above milestone is achieved.

                        b
                            The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options were:
                            •     A Board determination in respect of the Pilgangoora Project mine development and plant construction being largely complete
                                  (both for civil works and mine establishment) and the process plant having achieved a nominal 85% of its design throughput
                                  capacity during production runs, at a saleable product specification; and
                            •     6 months service condition.
                            •     A continuing employment service condition at the time the above milestone is achieved.

                        c
                            The vesting conditions attached to this set of options were:
                            •      33.33% vest on the date of allotment;
                            •      33.33% vest at 30 June 2018, subject to Mr Cernotta not having ceased to be a Director at that date; and
                            •      33.33% vest at 30 June 2019, subject to Mr Cernotta not having ceased to be a Director at that date.

                        During the year, a total of $19.97 million was raised following the issue of 49,378,432 ordinary shares upon the
                        exercise of 51,984,847 unlisted options, which included the cashless exercise of 5,800,000 unlisted options into
                        3,193,585 ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                                      37
                                                                                                                                                        Page 11 of 67
                        Performance Rights Issued
                        During the financial year, the Company granted the following performance rights:




For personal use only
                                 Performance rights                    Grant date                        Expiry date                         Vested
                                  316,922 a                            23/11/2017                        30/06/2019                            -
                                   451,826a                            11/05/2018                        30/06/2019                             -

                        a
                             The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted performance rights were:
                            •      Service Condition: Holder must remain an employee until the period ending 30 June 2019.

                            •      Market Condition: Ranking of relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) of Pilbara Minerals to a nominated peer group of
                                   companies measured over the period 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2019 (“Performance Period”).

                            •      Strategic Objective Conditions measured over the Performance Period based on the following metrics:
                                    o    Production capacity development (growth) based on the following performance indicators:
                                            ▪    Target shipment of Stage 1 product; and
                                            ▪    FID of the Board in respect of Stage 2 (5Mtpa).
                                    o    Sustainability of operations (sustainability) based on the following performance indicators:
                                            ▪    Achieve product specifications for target production capacity;
                                            ▪    Diversify customer sales; and
                                            ▪    Participation in downstream processing initiatives.

                        Significant Changes in the State of Affairs
                        In the opinion of the Directors there were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that
                        occurred during the financial year under review, except as already noted in this Directors’ Report.

                        DIVIDENDS
                        The Directors recommend that no dividend be declared or paid.

                        EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
                        There has not been any matter or circumstance that has arisen after balance date that has significantly affected,
                        or may significantly affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs
                        of the Group in future financial periods.

                        LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS
                        The Group will continue with commissioning activities with ramp up to the plant’s overall production capacity
                        and mineral recoveries expected to be reached incrementally during the 2019 financial year. The Group will
                        also focus on the Stage 2 (5 Mtpa) expansion, with FID expected in the first quarter of the 2019 financial year.

                        ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION

                        The Group’s operations are subject to significant environmental regulation under both Commonwealth and
                        State legislation in Australia in relation to its mining, development and exploration activities. The Group is
                        committed to achieving a high standard of environmental performance.

                        Following an internal review by the Group, an irregularity was identified in relation to the Group’s existing
                        environmental works approval held in relation to the Pilgangoora Project raising issues of potential non-
                        compliance with the existing works approval following the construction and location of certain infrastructure.
                        Following further work on amendments to the existing approval and discussions with the Department of Water
                        and Environmental Regulation (“DWER”) an amended works approval has now been issued by DWER, which
                        has specifically addressed the issues and ensures the Groups’ operations are in current compliance.



       38               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                    Page 12 of 67
                                                                                                                                              …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        INTERESTS
                        The relevant interest of each Director in the shares, rights or options over such instruments issued by the




For personal use only
                        companies within the Group and other related bodies corporate, as notified by the Directors to the ASX in
                        accordance with S205G(1) of the Corporations Act 2001, at the date of this report is as follows:

                                                                                                  Pilbara Minerals Limited
                               Director
                                                                   Ordinary shares                Options over ordinary shares            Performance rights
                               Mr Ken Brinsden                                869,565                            15,000,000(i)                           316,922 (iv)
                               Mr Anthony Kiernan                             287,858                             8,000,000(ii)                                       -
                               Mr Steve Scudamore                             142,850                             1,333,334  (ii)
                                                                                                                                                                      -
                               Mr Nicholas Cernotta                           156,570                             2,000,000(iii)                                      -
                               Ms Sally-Anne Layman                                  -                                       -                                        -
                        (i)
                              Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (a) of Note 2.2.1 to the Financial Statements.
                        (ii)
                              Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (c) of Note 2.2.1 to the Financial Statements.
                        (iii)
                              Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (f) of Note 2.2.1 to the Financial Statements.
                        (iv)
                              Vesting conditions attached to these performance rights are set out in the “Performance Rights Issued” section above.


                        SHARE OPTIONS
                        At the date of this report, unissued shares of the Group under option are:

                               Expiry date                                               Exercise price                             Number of options
                               16 May 2019a                                                  $0.40                                       27,000,000
                               08 September 2019a                                            $0.63                                       13,000,000
                               07 November 2019b                                             $0.55                                          500,000
                               17 November 2019b                                             $0.55                                          500,000
                               12 December 2019c                                             $0.63                                        9,333,334
                               31 August 2020d                                               $0.45                                        2,000,000
                               31 August 2020e                                               $0.45                                          750,000
                               08 December 2020f                                             $0.90                                        2,000,000
                        a Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (a) to Note 2.2.1 of the Financial Statements.
                        b Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (b) to Note 2.2.1 of the Financial Statements.
                        c Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (c) to Note 2.2.1 of the Financial Statements.
                        d Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (d) to Note 2.2.1 of the Financial Statements.
                        e Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (e) to Note 2.2.1 of the Financial Statements.
                        f Vesting conditions attached to these options are set out in footnote (f) to Note 2.2.1 of the Financial Statements.



                        PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                        At the date of this report, unissued shares of the Group pursuant to the Performance Rights Plan are:

                               Date performance rights granted                            Expiry date                        Number of performance rights
                               23 November 2017a                                         30 June 2019                                       316,922
                               11 May 2018a                                              30 June 2019                                       451,826
                        (a)
                               Vesting conditions attached to these performance rights are set out in the “Performance Rights Issued” section above.

                        Unless stated there are no other vesting conditions on options or performance rights on issue.

                        INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND AUDITORS
                        The Company has agreed to indemnify current and past directors and officers of the Company and its
                        controlled entities against all liabilities to another person (other than the Company or a related body corporate)
                        that may arise from their position as directors of the Company and its controlled entities, except where the
                        liability arises out of conduct involving a lack of good faith. The agreement stipulates that the Company will
                        meet the full amount of any such liabilities, including costs and expenses.



                                                                                                                                                                                      39
                                                                                                                                                        Page 13 of 67
                        The Company has not, during or since the financial period, indemnified or agreed to indemnify the auditor of
                        the Company against a liability incurred as an auditor.




For personal use only
                        INSURANCE PREMIUMS
                        Since the end of the previous financial year, the Company has paid insurance premiums in respect of directors’
                        and officers’ liability and legal expenses insurance contracts for current and former directors, officers, and
                        senior executives of the Company and its controlled entities. The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of
                        the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.

                        NON-AUDIT SERVICES
                        KPMG provided non-audit services of $35,000 in the financial year ended 30 June 2018. The Directors are
                        satisfied that the provision of non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for
                        auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit
                        services did not compromise the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 because
                        none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110
                        Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants.

                        LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                        The Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration is set out on page 27
                                                                                       53 and forms part of the Directors’ Report for
                        the financial year ended 30 June 2018.

                        ROUNDING OF AMOUNTS
                        The Group is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument
                        2016/191 and in accordance with the Instrument, amounts in the consolidated financial statements and the
                        Directors’ Report have been rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.

                        REMUNERATION REPORT
                        A.         INTRODUCTION

                        This Remuneration Report outlines the remuneration arrangements for Directors and other Key Management
                        Personnel (“KMP”) of the Group who are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for
                        planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including any director
                        (whether executive or otherwise). The information provided in this Remuneration Report has been prepared in
                        accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Accounting Standards, and the
                        following sections have been audited in accordance with Section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        The following were KMP of the Group during the financial year and unless otherwise indicated were KMP for
                        the entire financial year:
                            Non-Executive Directors                   Executive Directors                       Other KMP
                            Mr Anthony Kiernan                        Mr Ken Brinsden                           Mr Brian Lynn
                            Mr Steve Scudamore                                                                  Mr Alex Eastwood
                            Mr Nicholas Cernotta                                                                Mr Dale Henderson4
                            Ms Sally-Anne Layman   1

                            Mr John Young2
                            Mr Neil Biddle3
                        1
                            Ms Layman was appointed as Non-Executive Director on 20 April 2018.
                        2
                            Mr Young resigned as an Executive Director on 31 July 2017 and as Non-Executive Director on 20 April 2018.
                        3
                            Mr Biddle resigned as Non-Executive Director on 26 July 2017.
                        4
                            Mr Dale Henderson was appointed as Project Director and KMP on 4 September 2017 and as Chief Operating Officer on 5 March
                            2018.

      40                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                             Page 14 of 67
                                                                                                                   …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        Within this Remuneration Report reference to ‘executive(s)’ includes Executive Directors and other KMP.

                        B.      ROLE OF REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE




For personal use only
                        The Company has established a Remuneration and Nomination Committee under a formal charter which is
                        comprised of Non-Executive Directors.

                        The role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is to advise the Board each year on remuneration
                        arrangements for Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and other KMP in accordance with the Group’s
                        remuneration policy approved by the Board. Each year the Committee reviews and makes recommendations
                        to the Board on such remuneration arrangements, including in relation to fixed remuneration for KMP, all
                        awards under the Long-term Incentive Plan and the level of short-term incentives.

                        During the year ending 30 June 2018 the Remuneration and Nomination Committee consulted with Ernst and
                        Young to obtain information in relation to setting Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) targets under the long-
                        term incentive remuneration framework.

                        Further information relating to the role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee can be found in the
                        Remuneration and Nomination Committee Charter on the Company’s website.

                        C.      FY2018 REMUNERATION POLICY AND FRAMEWORK

                        The Directors are responsible for ensuring that the remuneration arrangements of its executives are aligned
                        with the Company’s overall business strategy and shareholder interests.

                        As part of the FY2018 Executive Remuneration Framework, the Board determined that an executive
                        remuneration package should include an appropriate balance of fixed remuneration and at-risk performance
                        remuneration. The Board considers reward for performance is market competitive and it is appropriate to align
                        executive reward with the achievement of short-term and long-term strategic objectives to create and drive
                        shareholder value. The Board endeavours to ensure that the executive remuneration framework satisfies the
                        following key criteria in line with appropriate corporate governance practices:

                        • attract, retain and motivate key executives at important stages of the Company’s development linked to
                          strategy and performance;

                        • reward executives against determined performance goals/targets to achieve successful project
                          development and operations;

                        • ensure effective benchmarking for total annual remuneration in accordance with market practices and
                          clearly defined peer group of similar companies to ensure remuneration is fair and competitive;

                        • align executive interests with those of the Company’s shareholders; and

                        • comply with applicable legal requirements and appropriate standards of governance.

                        Elements of Executive Remuneration

                        Executive remuneration packages for KMP comprise a mix of the following:

                        • Fixed remuneration which includes base salary and employer superannuation contributions as a fixed
                          guaranteed element of remuneration.

                        • Short-term incentives (“STIs”) which comprise generally a cash bonus or incentive. The STIs are structured
                          as performance-based remuneration which are linked to achievement of shorter term performance targets
                          or objectives in a period of 12 months.

                        • Long-term incentives (“LTIs”) which comprise a combination of cash incentives and/or participation in
                          the Company’s shareholder approved Employee Awards Plan with pre-defined performance targets
                          measured over a longer performance and vesting period. The LTIs are designed to reward performance that
                          drives long-term strategic growth of the Company and delivers shareholder return.

                                                                                                                                                           41
                                                                                                                             Page 15 of 67
                        The STI’s and LTI’s are all “at risk” components of total remuneration and reward is based on the achievement
                        of performance measures.




For personal use only
                        Targeted remuneration mix

                        Market trends, strategic business objectives and shareholder interests are considered when determining the
                        mix of remuneration for executives and how each component will drive desired outcomes. Based on these
                        considerations, the target maximum remuneration components for executive KMP for the 2018 financial year
                        were as follows:


                                                                                                       Fixed
                            Name                                                                                         STI (at risk)1   LTI (at risk)1
                                                                                                    Remuneration
                            Managing Director (“MD”) and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)                 100%                60%              60%
                            Other KMP                                                                    100%                40%              40%

                        1
                            Calculated as a % of Fixed Remuneration comprising base salary and employer superannuation contributions.

                        Fixed Remuneration for FY2018

                        For the year ended 30 June 2018, all executive KMP received fixed remuneration in the form of a base cash
                        salary plus superannuation entitlements.

                        Fixed remuneration is reviewed annually by the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. The nature and
                        amount of fixed remuneration for KMP depends on the nature of the role and market rates for the position,
                        which are determined with the assistance of external advisors (where necessary), surveys and reports, taking
                        into account the experience and qualifications of each individual. The Committee ensures that the
                        remuneration paid to executive KMP is consistent with market conditions and practices and demonstrates a
                        correlation to performance and creation of value for shareholders.

                        The fixed remuneration paid to executive KMP is detailed in the Directors and KMP remuneration tables below
                        for the years ended 30 June 2017 and 30 June 2018.

                        Short Term Incentives for FY2018

                        Subsequent to the year ended 30 June 2018, the Board determined to pay STI to the Managing Director and
                        other executive KMP based on the following performance criteria:
                        • Safety – the Group achieved a stretch TRIFR target of 4.14 on average against a TRIFR target of 5.0;
                        • Project Schedule – the Group successfully developed, constructed and achieved first spodumene fines
                          concentrate production from the Pilgangoora Project in June 2018 in line with market expectations;
                        • Direct Shipping Ore (DSO) Project – the Group funded, developed and achieved minegate sales from DSO
                          operations in a short period of time, meeting product specification and providing early cash flow for the
                          Group;
                        • Early Support for Stage 2 Expansion – the Group secured strategic offtake agreements and supportive co-
                          commitments for the development of Stage 2 from both Great Wall Motor Company and POSCO for its
                          Stage 2 Expansion – including equity subscriptions in excess of $107 million;
                        • Downstream Processing Joint Venture Option – as part of its overall strategy to diversify into downstream
                          processing, the Group secured a downstream processing opportunity in South Korea with POSCO with a
                          minimum joint venture participating interest of 30% and funding under a convertible bond of $79.6 million
                          on favourable terms;
                        • Sale of Tabba Tabba processing plant assets – the Group realised $4.6 million in value on the sale of the
                          processing plant assets used at Tabba Tabba; and




       42               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                             Page 16 of 67
                                                                                                                                         …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        • Project Bond – the Group satisfied various conditions precedents to successfully achieve financial close
                          under its Nordic Senior Secured Bond and has been able to successfully drawdown US$100 million in project
                          funding for the Pilgangoora Project.




For personal use only
                        As a result of the assessment of each executive KMP’s performance against these outcomes, for FY2018 the
                        Board approved payment of the following STIs in the form of cash:


                             Name                                       Position               FY 2018 Achieved STI ($)          FY 2018 Achieved STI (%)1
                             Ken Brinsden                            MD and CEO                         295,650                              100%
                             Dale Henderson2                   Chief Operating Officer                  136,311                                82%
                             Brian Lynn                         Chief Financial Officer                 142,350                              100%
                                                                 General Counsel and
                             Alex Eastwood                                                              142,350                              100%
                                                                 Company Secretary
                        1
                            % of STI achieved
                        2
                            Mr Henderson achieved an STI of 100% which was reduced in proportion to completed years of service

                        In addition, at the beginning of the 2018 financial year Mr Lynn and Mr Eastwood received a grant of 375,000
                        options each in lieu of an STI cash bonus for their contributions during the 2017 financial year in securing
                        project financing for the Pilgangoora Project in an otherwise challenging market. To preserve the Company’s
                        cash position during the development of the Pilgangoora Project, options were considered to be the most
                        effective means to reward Mr Lynn and Mr Eastwood.

                        Further details of these STI bonuses and options are detailed in the Directors and KMP remuneration tables
                        below for the year ended 30 June 2018.

                        Long Term Incentives for FY2018

                        During the year ended 30 June 2018, performance based and “at risk” LTIs were awarded to KMP in the form
                        of options, cash incentives and performance rights.

                        Options

                        2,750,000 unlisted options over ordinary shares in the Company were granted to KMP, including a one-off
                        grant of 2,000,000 options to Mr Dale Henderson in recognition of him joining the Company as Project Director
                        in September 2017.

                        For further information on the options including performance and service conditions – refer to the tables below.

                        Performance Rights and Cash Incentives

                        As part of the Executive Remuneration Framework for FY2018, long-term “at-risk” performance remuneration
                        included the award of LTIs to executive KMP based on a combination of cash incentives (50%) and performance
                        rights (50%) issued under the Company’s Employee Award Plan.

                        The LTIs were issued to KMP on the following basis:
                        • the maximum dollar value of LTIs awarded to KMP was determined to be 60% of his total remuneration for
                          the MD and CEO and 40% of total fixed remuneration for other KMP;
                        • the LTIs will vest subject to pre-determined and weighted performance conditions which are measured over
                          a 2 year vesting period beginning 1 July 2017 and ending 30 June 2019;
                        • the performance conditions for the LTIs include a 50% weighting towards relative TSR against a defined
                          peer group of companies and 50% weighting on performance conditions aligned to longer term project
                          and strategic objectives of the Company; and
                        • should performance hurdles be achieved at the end of the 2 year vesting period, the LTIs are to be paid
                          50% in cash and 50% in ordinary shares pursuant to performance rights issued under the Employee Award
                          Plan.

                                                                                                                                                                                 43
                                                                                                                                                   Page 17 of 67
                        In determining the face value of the performance rights, the Board set a value which was reflective of the fair
                        value of the Company’s shares at the beginning of the 2018 financial year being the date when the FY2018
                        Executive Remuneration Framework was approved to take effect.




For personal use only
                        50% of the LTIs are subject to strategic objectives being achieved which are generally based on the following
                        measures determined by the Board:


                             •    Stage 1 development of the Pilgangoora Project remains funded to first production;

                             •    Shipments of Stage 1 spodumene product to achieve FY2019 budgeted tonnes;

                             •    Completion of the DFS, positive financial investment decision and offtake secured for
                                  Stage 2 expansion of Pilgangoora Project;

                             •    Product specifications achieved for FY2019 budgeted tonnes; and

                             •    Diversify customer sales.

                        The other 50% of the LTIs are subject to the Company achieving specified relative TSR targets (between the
                        50th to 80th percentile) against a defined peer group of companies measured over the 2 year vesting period.

                        D.       ASSESSING PERFORMANCE AND CLAWBACK OF REMUNERATION

                        The Board is responsible for assessing executive’s performance against vesting conditions and determining the
                        STI and LTI components to be paid based upon reports from management, market conditions and Company
                        performance.

                        In the event of serious misconduct or a material misstatement in the Company’s financial statements, the Board
                        may in its discretion cancel or defer performance-based remuneration and may also clawback performance-
                        based remuneration paid in previous financial years.

                        E.       CONSEQUENCES OF PERFORMANCE ON SHAREHOLDER WEALTH

                        Executive remuneration is aimed at aligning the strategic and business objectives with the creation of
                        shareholder wealth and return. The table below shows measures of the Group’s financial performance over the
                        last five years as required by the Corporations Act 2001. However, these are not necessarily consistent with the
                        measures used in determining the variable amounts of remuneration to be awarded to KMP. As a consequence,
                        there may not always be a direct correlation between the statutory key performance measures and the variable
                        remuneration awarded.

                                                                                  2018             2017      2016       2015        2014
                         Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to
                                                                                (19,415)         (25,954)   (55,607)   (6,620)*    (3,187)*
                         owners of Pilbara Minerals Limited ($’000)
                         Basic earnings/(loss) per share (cents)                  (1.19)          (2.11)     (6.76)    (1.12)*      (1.15)*
                         Dividend payments ($’000)                                  -                -         -          -            -
                         Share price - 30 June                                    $0.87           $0.38      $0.62      $0.11       $0.02
                         Increase/(decrease) in share price (%)                   128.9           (38.7)     463.6      452.6        58.3
                               * Restated for the change in exploration and evaluation accounting policy.




      44                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                  Page 18 of 67
                                                                                                                                …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        F.          EXECUTIVE CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS
                        The agreements relating to remuneration and other terms of employment for the Managing Director and other




For personal use only
                        KMP for the 2018 financial year are set out below.

                                                                K Brinsden
                                                                Managing                 B Lynn            A Eastwood           D Henderson1
                                                                 Director/           Chief Financial    Company Secretary       Chief Operations
                                                              Chief Executive            Officer        & General Counsel            Officer
                                                                  Officer
                            Total fixed remuneration per
                            annum inclusive of                   $492,750               $355,875            $355,875                 $416,100
                            superannuation
                            Resignation notice                   16 weeks               16 weeks            12 weeks                 12 weeks
                            Termination notice for cause           None                   None                None                      None
                            Termination notice without           12 months             12 months            6 months                 6 months
                            cause
                            Termination in case of illness   Greater of 1 month    Greater of 1 month   Greater of 1 month     Greater of 1 month
                            or injury or incapacity                or NES                or NES               or NES                 or NES
                            Redundancy*                             NES                   NES                  NES                       NES
                        1
                                 Mr Henderson - employment agreement commenced 4 September 2017 as Project Director and KMP. Mr Henderson was
                        appointed to Chief Operations Officer on 5 March 2018.
                        *        Any payment made to the Executive in lieu of notice is set off against National Employment Standards (NES).

                        At the start of the year, Mr John Young was employed as Executive Director under an employment agreement
                        with a remunerated salary of $260,000 per annum exclusive of superannuation. On 31 July 2017, Mr Young
                        resigned as an Executive Director and became a Non-Executive Director until his resignation on 20 April 2018.

                        G.          NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
                        Fees and payments to the Non-Executive Directors reflect the demands made, and the responsibilities placed
                        on the Non-Executive Directors. Non-executive director fees and payments are reviewed annually by the Board.
                        The maximum annual aggregate directors’ fee pool limit is $750,000 and was approved by shareholders at the
                        annual general meeting on 24 November 2016.
                                                                                From 1 July 2017                       18 July 2016
                            Base fees (annual)
                            Non-Executive Chairman                                  150,000                              130,000
                            Other Non-Executive Directors                            70,000                               70,000
                            Committee Fees (annual)
                            Chairperson of Committee                                10,000                                     -
                            Member of Committee                                      5,000                                   5,000

                        Fees are reviewed annually by the Board taking into account comparable roles and market data. The Board
                        reviewed the Chairman’s fee and Committee fees with effect from 1 July 2017.
                        Fees for Non-Executive Directors are not linked to performance of the Company.
                        Except for Mr Cernotta who was issued 2,000,000 options on 8 December 2017 following receipt of shareholder
                        approval, there were no options or other equity-based instruments issued to Non-Executive Directors in the
                        relevant period.




                                                                                                                                                                        45
                                                                                                                                          Page 19 of 67
                        Directors’ and Executive Officers’ Remuneration
                        Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the KMP of the Group are set out in the following tables.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                            Performance
                                                             Fixed Remuneration                         Variable Remuneration                   Total         Related
                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                 %
                                                                               Post-       Non-
                                                      Salary and                                   Performance
                                                                   OtherA   employment performance                     STI Cash     LTI Cash
                                                         fees                                        sharesC
                                                                              benefit    shares B
                                                                                                                      PaymentD      PaymentE
                            Non-Executive Directors
                            Anthony         2018         136,986        -          13,014     845,958             -             -          -     995,958        0%
                            Kiernan         2017         118,722        -          11,279   1,655,064             -             -          -   1,785,065        0%
                            Steve           2018          77,626        -           7,374     211,490             -             -          -     296,490        0%
                            Scudamore1      2017          65,420        -           6,215     413,766             -             -          -     485,401        0%
                            Nicholas        2018          77,626        -           7,374     666,742             -             -          -     751,742        0%
                            Cernotta2       2017          27,520        -           2,614           -             -             -          -      30,134        0%
                            Sally-Anne      2018          13,111        -           1,364           -             -             -          -      14,475        0%
                            Layman3         2017               -        -               -           -             -             -          -           -        0%
                                            2018          53,273        -           5,061           -             -             -          -      58,334        0%
                            John Young4
                                            2017         193,492        -          16,812           -             -             -          -     210,304        0%
                                            2018           4,892        -               -           -             -             -          -       4,892        0%
                            Neil Biddle 5
                                            2017          68,924   54,867               -           -             -             -          -     123,791        0%
                            Robert          2018               -        -               -           -             -             -          -           -        0%
                            Adamson6        2017          40,000        -               -           -             -             -          -      40,000        0%
                            Executive Directors
                                           2018          472,701        -          20,049           -       848,288    295,650        66,521   1,703,209        71%
                            Ken Brinsden
                                           2017          330,384        -          19,622           -     2,961,590          -             -   3,311,596        89%
                            Other KMP
                                           2018          335,826        -          20,049           -       392,921    142,350        32,029     923,175        61%
                            Brian Lynn
                                           2017          222,446        -          19,798           -     1,481,228          -             -   1,723,472        86%
                            Alex           2018          335,826        -          20,049           -       291,619    142,350        32,029     821,873        57%
                            Eastwood       2017          246,795        -          17,604           -       869,563          -             -   1,133,962        77%
                            Dale           2018          313,794        -          16,707           -       224,307    136,311        29,925     721,044        54%
                            Henderson7     2017                -        -               -           -             -          -             -           -        0%
                                           2018                -        -               -           -             -          -             -           -        0%
                            Alan Boys8
                                           2017                -   38,000               -           -             -          -             -      38,000        0%
                            Total Directors and KMP remuneration

                                           2018       1,821,661         -         111,041   1,724,190    1,757,135     716,661       160,504   6,291,192
                                           2017       1,313,703    92,867          93,944   2,068,830    5,312,381              -          -   8,881,725
                        A
                          Other benefits includes consulting fees.
                        B
                          Non-performance shares only have service based conditions. The amount disclosed in the table above relates to the non-cash value
                          ascribed to share options under Australian Accounting Standards using the Black Scholes option valuation methodology.
                        C
                          The amount disclosed in the table above relates to the non-cash value ascribed to share options and performance rights under
                          Australian Accounting Standards using the Black Scholes and Monte Carlo valuation methodologies.
                        D
                          2018 STI cash bonuses relate to those declared for FY2018 but paid subsequent to the year ended 30 June 2018.
                        E
                          2018 LTI cash bonuses relate to accrued bonuses for FY2018 that will be determined subject to satisfying performance conditions at
                          the end of the vesting period (30 June 2019) and paid subsequent to the year ended 30 June 2019.

                        1
                             Mr Scudamore was appointed as Non-Executive Director on 18 July 2016.
                        2
                             Mr Cernotta was appointed a Non-Executive Director on 6 February 2017.
                        3
                             Ms Layman was appointed as Non-Executive Director on 20 April 2018.
                        4
                             Mr Young resigned as an Executive Director on 31 July 2017 and subsequently resigned as Non-Executive Director on 20 April 2018.
                        5
                             Mr Biddle resigned as Non-Executive Director on 26 July 2017.
                        6
                             Mr Adamson resigned as Non-Executive Director on 21 February 2017.
                        7
                             Mr Henderson was appointed as Project Director and KMP on 4 September 2017 and as Chief Operating Officer on 5 March 2018.
                        8
                             Mr Boys acted as Company Secretary until 31 August 2016 and was appointed as Alternate Director from 20 August 2016 until
                             23 September 2016.




      46                    PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                   Page 20 of 67
                                                                                                                                            …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        Equity Instruments




For personal use only
                        Share Based Payment Expense
                        Details of the share based payment expense for Directors and the KMP of the Group for the year ending 30
                        June 2018 is shown in the table below:

                                                                                                   Non-
                                                                                               performance                      Performance

                                                  Year of    Number of        Number of           Equity           Equity       Performance
                                                   Grant       Equity        Performance         Options           Options         Rights                 Total
                                                              Options           Rights              ($)              ($)             ($)                   ($)
                            Anthony Kiernan          2017     8,000,000                 -           845,958               -                -                   -
                            Steve Scudamore          2017     2,000,000                 -           211,490               -                -                   -
                            Nicholas Cernotta        2018     2,000,000                 -           666,742               -                -                   -
                                                     2016    15,000,000                 -                 -         720,530                -             720,530
                            Ken Brinsden             2018             -           316,922                 -               -          127,758             127,758
                                                                                                                                                         848,288
                                                     2016      6,000,000                 -                  -       256,960                 -            256,960
                                                     2018        750,000                 -                  -        75,764                 -             75,764
                            Brian Lynn
                                                     2018              -           152,592                  -             -            60,197             60,197
                                                                                                                                                         392,921
                                                     2017      4,000,000                 -                  -       155,658                 -            155,658
                                                     2018        750,000                 -                  -        75,764                 -             75,764
                            Alex Eastwood
                                                     2018              -           152,592                  -             -            60,197             60,197
                                                                                                                                                         291,619
                                                     2018      2,000,000                 -                  -       167,855                 -            167,855
                            Dale Henderson           2018              -           146,642                  -             -            56,452             56,452
                                                                                                                                                         224,307
                            Total                            40,500,000           768,748         1,724,190       1,452,531          304,604           1,757,135


                        Options over Equity Instruments granted as Compensation Instruments
                        All options refer to unlisted options over ordinary shares in the Company, which are exercisable on a one-for-
                        one basis under the Employee Award Plan which was approved by shareholders on 25 January 2017.

                        Details on unlisted options over ordinary shares in the Company that were granted as compensation to each
                        KMP during the FY2018 reporting period and details on unlisted options that vested during the reporting
                        period are as follows:
                                                   No. of options                        Fair value         Exercise                             No. of options
                                                   granted during       Grant date      per option at       price per         Expiry date        vested during
                                                        2018                             grant date          option                                   2018
                            Nick Cernotta            2,000,0001        23/11/2017         $0.4211            $0.90            08/12/2020           1,333,333
                            Dale Henderson           2,000,0002        01/09/2017          $0.1181              $0.45         31/08/2020                  -
                            Alex Eastwood              750,0003        01/09/2017          $0.1181              $0.45         31/08/2020             375,000
                            Brian Lynn                 750,0003        01/09/2017          $0.1181              $0.45         31/08/2020             375,000
                        1
                             The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options are as follows:
                              • 33.33% vest on the date allotment;
                              • 33.33% vest on 30 June 2018, subject to Mr Cernotta not having ceased to be a Director at that date; and
                              • 33.33% vest on 30 June 2019, subject to Mr Cernotta not having ceased to be a Director at that date.
                        2 The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options are as follows:
                           • 6 months service condition;


                                                                                                                                                                                    47
                                                                                                                                                      Page 21 of 67
                           • A Board determination in respect of the Pilgangoora Project mine development and plant construction being largely complete
                             (both for civil works and mine establishment) and the process plant having achieved a nominal 85% of its design throughput
                             capacity during production runs, at a saleable product specification; and




For personal use only
                           • A continuing employment service condition at the time the above milestone is achieved.
                        3 The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options are as follows:
                           • 50% vest on the date of allotment (issued in recognition of past performance by the KMP in relation to securing funding for the
                              Pilgangoora Project);
                           • 50% vest upon a Board determination in respect of the Pilgangoora Project mine development and plant construction being largely
                              complete (both for civil works and mine establishment) and the process plant having achieved a nominal 85% of its design
                              throughput capacity during production runs, at a saleable product specification; and
                           • A continuing employment service condition at the time the above performance milestone is achieved.

                        The exercise price of the options issued to Mr Cernotta during the year ended 30 June 2018 of 90 cents was
                        based on the Volume Weighted Average Share Price (“VWAP”) for the 30-day period ending 17 October 2017,
                        and represented a 42% premium to the closing share price on the date the Board approved the grant of option,
                        subject to obtaining shareholder approval. Following receipt of shareholder approval, the options were issued
                        to Mr Cernotta on 23 November 2017, at which time the Company’s share price had increased to 97 cents.

                        The exercise price of the options issued to other KMP during the year ended 30 June 2018 of 45 cents
                        represented a 20% premium to the VWAP for the 30 day period ending 31 August 2017.

                        Fair value of options granted

                        All options issued as compensation to Director and KMPs are non-cash in nature. They are valued using the
                        Black Scholes option valuation methodology which calculates an implied value for each option based on the
                        Company’s share price volatility, the risk-free rate of return, the life of the option, the Company’s share price
                        at the grant date and the option exercise price. The model inputs for the options granted during the year
                        include:
                                                                        Options expiring 8 December 2020              Options expiring 31 August 2020
                         Exercise price                                                 $0.90                                        $0.45
                         Grant date                                             23 November 2017                             01 September 2017
                         Expiry date                                             08 December 2020                              31 August 2020
                         Share price at grant date                                      $0.97                                        $0.39
                         Expected volatility of the Company’s                            75%                                          63%
                         shares
                         Expected dividend yield                                         0%                                           0%
                         Risk-free interest rate                                        1.92%                                        2.03%


                        Exercise of Options granted as Compensation Instruments
                        During the reporting period, the following ordinary shares were issued on the exercise of unlisted options
                        previously granted as compensation.

                                                                                   No. of shares                           Amount paid per share
                         Steve Scudamore                                                666,666                                     $0.63
                         Brian Lynn                                                     375,000                                     $0.45
                         Alex Eastwood                                                  375,000                                     $0.45
                         John Young*                                                  2,250,000                                     $0.40
                        * Mr Young resigned during the reporting period. The numbers included in the table only include options exercised up to the date of
                          resignation.

                        There are no amounts unpaid on any ordinary shares issued as a result of the exercise of unlisted options
                        during the 2018 financial year.




      48                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                Page 22 of 67
                                                                                                                                               …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        Performance Rights over Equity Instruments granted as Compensation
                        Instruments




For personal use only
                        Details on performance rights over ordinary shares in the Company that were granted as LTI compensation to
                        each KMP and details on performance rights that vested during the reporting period are shown in the table
                        below:
                                                          No. of                                   Fair value per                                     No. of
                                                       performance                                 performance                                     performance
                                                                            Grant date1                                   Expiry date
                                                      rights granted                               right at grant                                  rights vested
                                                       during 2018                                      date                                       during 2018
                            Ken Brinsden                 316,922            23/11/2017                 $0.965             30/06/2019                     -
                            Dale Henderson              146,642             11/05/2018                $0.910              30/06/2019                       -
                            Alex Eastwood               152,592             11/05/2018                $0.910              30/06/2019                       -
                            Brian Lynn                  152,592             11/05/2018                $0.910              30/06/2019                       -
                        1
                            The Board resolved on 3 October to adopt the FY2018 Executive Remuneration Framework to take effect  effective from 1 July 2017 and in
                            particular to grant 50% of the LTIs for the 2018 financial year in the form of performance rights subject to finalisation of applicable
                            performance conditions. In relation to Mr Brinsden, these performance conditions were finalised and approved by shareholders on 23
                            November 2017. In respect of the other KMP, the performance conditions for the LTIs issued under the FY2018 Executive
                            Remuneration Framework were not resolved until May 2018. In each case the performance rights were granted following final
                            approval of the performance conditions and necessary approvals.

                        The VWAP for the 3-month period ending 30 September 2017 of 47 cents was used to determine the number
                        of performance rights issued.

                        As disclosed above, 50% of the performance rights will vest based on TSR as measured against a defined peer
                        group and 50% will vest on the achievement of performance conditions linked to the Company’s strategic
                        objectives.

                        The performance rights were provided at no cost and expire on the earlier of the expiry date or termination of
                        the KMP’s employment.

                        Fair value of performance rights granted

                        All performance rights issued as compensation to KMPs are non-cash in nature. They are valued using the
                        Monte Carlo
                                Carol simulation model (market based conditions) and the Black Scholes option valuation methodology
                        (non-market based conditions) that takes into account the term of performance rights, the share price at grant
                        date and expected volatility of the underlying performance right, the expected dividend yield, the risk free rate
                        for the term of the performance right and the correlations and volatilities of the peer companies. The model
                        inputs for the performance rights granted during the year include:
                                                                             Performance rights granted 23              Performance rights granted 11 May
                                                                                    November 2017                                     2018
                            Exercise price                                                    -                                            -
                            Grant date                                             23 November 2017                                  11 May 2018
                            Expiry date                                                30 June 2019                                  30 June 2019
                            Share price at grant date                                      $0.97                                         $0.91
                            Expected volatility of the Company’s                            80%                                           80%
                            shares
                            Expected dividend yield                                         0%                                            0%
                            Risk-free interest rate                                        1.78%                                         2.02%




                                                                                                                                                                                       49
                                                                                                                                                         Page 23 of 67
                        Details of Equity Incentives affecting Current and Future Remuneration
                        Details of vesting profiles of the unlisted options and performance rights held by each KMP of the Group as at




For personal use only
                        30 June 2018 are detailed below.

                                                                                                                             %
                                                                               No. of                      % vested      forfeited       Financial year in
                                                      Instrument                           Grant date
                                                                              options                       in year       in year        which grant vests
                                                                                                                            (A)

                         Ken Brinsden                   Options               15,000,000   18/04/2016       33.33%          0%         2017, 2018 and 2019
                                                 Performance Rights             316,922    23/11/2017         0%            0%                 2019
                         Anthony Kiernan                Options                8,000,000   24/11/2016       33.33%          0%         2017, 2018 and 2019
                         Steve Scudamore                Options                2,000,000   24/11/2016       33.33%          0%         2017, 2018 and 2019
                         Nick Cernotta                  Options                2,000,000   23/11/2017       66.66%          0%            2018 and 2019
                         Brian Lynn                     Options                6,000,000   22/06/2016       33.33%          0%         2017, 2018 and 2019
                                                        Options                 750,000    01/09/2018       50.00%          0%            2018 and 2019
                                                 Performance Rights             152,592    11/05/2018         0%            0%                 2019
                         Alex Eastwood                  Options                4,000,000   08/08/2016       33.33%          0%         2017, 2018 and 2019
                                                        Options                 750,000    01/09/2018       50.00%          0%            2018 and 2019
                                                 Performance Rights             152,592    11/05/2018         0%            0%                 2019
                         Dale Henderson                 Options                2,000,000   01/09/2017         0%            0%                 2019
                                                 Performance Rights             146,642    11/05/2018         0%            0%                 2019
                        (A) The percentage forfeited in the year represents the reduction from the maximum number of instruments available to vest due to
                            performance criteria not being achieved.



                        Analysis of Movements in Equity Instruments
                        The number and total fair value of unlisted options and performance rights over ordinary shares in the
                        Company granted during the reporting period is detailed below.

                                                                        Options                                        Performance Rights
                                                     Options granted in         Fair value of options    Performance Rights              Fair value of
                                                          the year               granted in year (A)       granted in year            performance rights
                                                                                         ($)                                         granted in the year (A)
                                                                                                                                              ($)
                         Nick Cernotta                            2,000,000                  842,200                         -                             -
                         Ken Brinsden                                     -                        -                   316,922                     301,393
                         Brian Lynn                                 750,000                   88,583                   152,592                     134,281
                         Alex Eastwood                              750,000                   88,583                   152,592                     134,281
                         Dale Henderson                           2,000,000                  236,220                   146,642                     129,045
                        (A) The value of options and maximum value of performance rights granted during the year is the fair value of the unlisted options and
                            performance rights calculated at grant date. These amounts are allocated to remuneration over their applicable vesting periods.




       50               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                                  Page 24 of 67
                                                                                                                                         …Powering a sustainable energy future




                        Unlisted Options over Equity Instruments
                        The movement during the FY2018 reporting period, by number of unlisted options over ordinary shares in the




For personal use only
                        Company held, directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each KMP, including their related parties, is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                   Vested
                                                        Held at         Granted as          Exercised/          Other             Held at
                                                                                                                                                  during the
                                                      1 July 2017      compensation        transferred         changes         30 June 2018
                                                                                                                                                     year
                            Ken Brinsden             15,000,000                   -                 -                    -     15,000,000          5,000,000
                            Anthony Kiernan           8,000,000                   -                 -                    -      8,000,000          2,666,667
                            Steve Scudamore           2,000,000                   -          (666,666)                   -      1,333,334            666,667
                            Nick Cernotta                     -           2,000,000                 -                    -      2,000,000          1,333,334
                            Sally-Anne Layman                 -                   -                 -                    -              -                    -
                            Neil Biddle1              8,000,000                   -        (8,000,000)                   -              -                    -
                            John Young2               5,000,000                   -        (5,000,000)                   -              -                    -
                            Brian Lynn                6,000,000             750,000          (375,000)                   -      6,375,000          2,375,000
                            Alex Eastwood             4,000,000             750,000          (375,000)                   -      4,375,000          2,375,000
                            Dale Henderson                    -           2,000,000                 -                    -      2,000,000                    -
                        1
                            Mr Biddle resigned as Non-Executive Director on 26 July 2017.
                        2
                            Mr Young resigned as an Executive Director on 31 July 2017 and subsequently resigned as Non-Executive Director on 20 April 2018.


                        Key Management Personal Transactions
                        Movements in Shares
                        The movement during the FY2018 reporting period in the number of ordinary shares in the Company held,
                        directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each KMP, including their related parties, is as follows:

                                                                                     Received on
                                                       Held at 1 July 2017                                    Other changes1          Held at 30 June 2018
                                                                                  exercise of options
                            Ken Brinsden                        869,565                         -                         -                    869,565
                            Neil Biddle2                     33,221,930                         -               (33,221,930)                         -
                            John Young3                      18,658,356                2,250,000                (20,908,356)                         -
                            Anthony Kiernan                      95,000                         -                   192,858                    287,858
                            Steve Scudamore                           -                  666,666                   (523,816)                   142,850
                            Nicholas Cernotta                         -                         -                   156,570                    156,570
                            Sally-Anne Layman                         -                         -                         -                          -
                            Brian Lynn                                -                  375,000                    (81,135)                   293,865
                            Alex Eastwood                             -                  375,000                    (94,124)                   280,876
                            Dale Henderson                            -                         -                         -                          -
                        1
                            Other changes represent shares that were purchased or sold during the year or shares held by KMP or directors who resigned in the
                            year.
                        2
                            Mr Biddle resigned as Non-Executive Director on 26 July 2017.
                        3   Mr Young resigned as an Executive Director on 31 July 2017 and subsequently resigned as Non-Executive Director on 20 April 2018.


                        End of Audited Remuneration Report.




                                                                                                                                                   Page 25 of 67
                                                                                                                                                                                 51
                        COMPETENT PERSONS STATEMENTS

                        The Company confirms it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in




For personal use only
                        the 29 May 2018 Pilgangoora Mineral Resource Estimate and that all material assumptions and technical parameters
                        underpinning the estimate continue to apply and have not materially changed when referring to its resource announcement
                        made on 29 May 2018.

                        The Company confirms it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in
                        the 29 June 2017 Pilgangoora Ore Reserve Estimate and that all material assumptions and technical parameters
                        underpinning the estimate continue to apply and have not materially changed when referring to its resource announcement
                        made on 29 June 2017.




                        This Directors’ Report is made out in accordance with a resolution of the directors:




                        Anthony Kiernan
                        Chairman


                        Dated this 21st day of August 2018




       52               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                  Page 26 of 67
                Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under                                                                          …Powering a sustainable energy future



                Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                To the Directors of Pilbara Minerals Limited




For personal use only
                I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit of Pilbara Minerals Limited
                for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 there have been:

                Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
                        i.       no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the
                                 Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and


                Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                        ii.      no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                To the Directors of Pilbara Minerals Limited


                IKPMG
                  declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, R
                                                                        in relation
                                                                           Gambittato the audit of Pilbara Minerals Limited
                for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 there have been:
                                                                        Partner
                        i.       no contraventions of the auditor independence
                                                                        Perth     requirements as set out in the
                                 Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                                                                        21 August 2018
                        ii.      no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                KPMG                                                                  R Gambitta
                                                                                      Partner
                                                                                      Perth
                                                                                      21 August 2018




                                                                                                                                                                   27

                                             KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                                             network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG            Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                                             International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.   Professional Standards Legislation.



                                                                                                                                                                               53
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
            OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
              CONSOLIDATED        INCOME
                           STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
                        COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                                                         2018        2017
                                                                                                           Notes         $’000       $’000




For personal use only
                        Revenue from contracts with customers                                              2.1.1        10,188           -

                        Cost of sales                                                                      2.1.2        (6,213)          -

                        Gross profit                                                                                    3,975            -



                        Other income                                                                                     1,157       2,074


                        Expenses
                        General and administration                                                                      (9,889)     (7,790)
                        Exploration costs expensed                                                         2.2.2        (7,367)     (9,743)
                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                             (151)        (91)
                        Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                        -         (16)
                        Share based payment expense                                                        2.2.1        (4,630)    (12,415)
                        Other expenses                                                                                       -         (46)
                        Operating loss                                                                                 (16,905)    (28,027)
                        Finance income                                                                                   6,704       2,204
                        Finance costs                                                                                   (9,214)       (131)
                        Net financing income/(costs)                                                        2.3         (2,510)     2,073


                        Loss before income tax expense                                                                 (19,415)    (25,954)
                        Income tax expense                                                                  2.6              -           -
                        Net loss for the period                                                                        (19,415)    (25,954)


                        Other comprehensive income
                        Changes in the fair value of other financial assets                                              3,975           -
                        Other financial assets reclassified to profit or loss on disposal                               (3,975)          -
                        Total comprehensive income for the period                                                            -           -


                        Total comprehensive loss for the period                                                        (19,415)    (25,954)


                        Basic and diluted loss per share for the period (cents per share)                   2.7           (1.19)      (2.11)




                        The notes on pages 32 to 63 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                     Page 28 of 67




                        The notes on pages 58 to 89 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

       54               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
            FINANCIAL POSITION                                                                                                     …Powering a sustainable energy future
            As at 30 June 2018
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        As at 30 June 2018


                                                                                                                       2018               2017
                                                                                                          Notes        $’000              $’000




For personal use only
                        Assets
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                           4.1.1      119,978               87,248
                        Restricted cash                                                                     4.1.1       12,308             134,322
                        Trade and other receivables                                                           4.2       12,805                4,155
                        Inventories                                                                           4.3        7,543                     43

                        Total current assets                                                                           152,634            225,768

                        Non-current assets
                        Property, plant, equipment and mine properties                                      3.2.1      372,985             104,373
                        Deferred exploration and evaluation expenditure                                     3.1.1        6,361                6,331
                        Other financial assets                                                                                 -                     6

                        Total non-current assets                                                                       379,346            110,710

                        Total assets                                                                                   531,980            336,478

                        Liabilities
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                              4.4       49,733               11,428
                        Provisions                                                                            3.3          867                   243
                        Borrowings                                                                            5.2          177                     64

                        Total current liabilities                                                                       50,777              11,735

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Provisions                                                                            3.3        6,997                   207
                        Borrowings                                                                            5.2      130,965             124,364

                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                  137,962            124,571

                        Total liabilities                                                                              188,739            136,306

                        Net assets                                                                                     343,241            200,172

                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                                                      5.1.1      419,610             261,756
                        Reserves                                                                            5.1.2       18,923               32,501
                        Retained earnings                                                                              (95,292)            (94,085)

                        Total equity                                                                      Notes        343,241            200,172




                        The notes on pages 32 to 63 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                             Page 29 of 67



                        The notes on pages 58 to 89 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

                                                                                                                                                                           55
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
            For the year ended 30 June 2018
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                        Share-
                                                                                        based         Foreign          Investment
                                                                        Issued        payment        currency          revaluation   Accumulated        Total




For personal use only
                                                                        Capital        reserve        reserve              reserve       losses        equity
                                                             Notes       $’000           $’000          $’000                $’000        $’000         $’000

                        Balance at 1 July 2016                         146,476          21,799             (68)                 -       (69,776)      98,431

                        Loss for the period                                    -               -             -                  -       (25,954)     (25,954)

                        Total comprehensive                                    -               -             -                  -       (25,954)     (25,954)
                        income/(loss) for the
                        period
                        Issue of ordinary shares                       116,465                 -             -                  -             -      116,465

                        Share issue costs                               (3,131)                -             -                  -             -       (3,131)

                        Option conversions                                1,946                -             -                  -             -        1,946

                        Issue of options                                       -        12,415               -                  -             -       12,415
                        Transfer on conversion of                              -         (1,713)             -                  -         1,713               -
                        options
                        Transfer to reserves                                   -               -            68                  -           (68)              -

                        Balance at 30 June 2017                        261,756          32,501               -                  -       (94,085)     200,172



                        Balance at 1 July 2017                         261,756          32,501               -                  -       (94,085)     200,172

                        Loss for the period                                    -               -             -                  -       (19,415)     (19,415)
                        Other comprehensive                                    -               -             -              3,975             -        3,975
                        income
                        Assets reclassified to profit                          -               -             -             (3,975)            -       (3,975)
                        or loss
                        Total comprehensive                                    -               -             -                  -       (19,415)     (19,415)
                        income/(loss) for the
                        period
                        Issue of ordinary shares              5.1.1    139,910                 -             -                  -             -      139,910

                        Share issue costs                     5.1.1     (2,026)                -             -                  -             -       (2,026)

                        Option conversions                    5.1.1      19,970                -             -                  -             -       19,970
                        Issue of options and                  5.1.2            -          4,630              -                  -             -        4,630
                        performance rights
                        Transfer on conversion of             5.1.2            -       (18,208)              -                  -        18,208               -
                        options

                        Balance at 30 June 2018                        419,610          18,923               -                  -       (95,292)     343,241




                        The notes on pages 32 to 63 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                              Page 30 of 67



                        The notes on pages 58 to 89 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

       56               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018                                                                                        …Powering a sustainable energy future

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                                                          2018               2017
                                                                                                         Notes            $’000              $’000




For personal use only
                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                           6,997                     -

                        Cash paid to suppliers and employees                                                            (14,034)            (7,986)

                        Payments for exploration and evaluation expenditure                                              (7,238)          (10,523)

                        Interest received                                                                                 2,229              2,149

                        Research and development grants received                                                          3,048                     -

                        Other receipts                                                                                        -                  76
                        Net cash outflow from operating activities                                        4.1.2          (8,998)          (16,284)


                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Payments for property, plant, equipment and mine properties                                    (219,043)          (44,926)
                        Payments for acquired exploration and evaluation expenditure                                        (30)            (7,872)
                        Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                300                 147
                        Proceeds from sale of investments                                                                 4,283                     -
                        Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                     (214,490)          (52,651)


                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from the issue of shares and exercise of options                                      156,430             68,411
                        Capital raising costs                                                                            (3,044)            (2,112)
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                              -          132,310
                        Transaction costs related to borrowings                                                            (626)            (5,491)
                        Transfer from/(to) restricted cash                                                             120,709          (136,651)
                        Repayment of borrowing costs                                                                       (161)              (257)

                        Interest and other costs of finance paid                                                        (17,264)                (67)
                        Net cash inflow from financing activities                                                      256,044             56,143


                        Net increase/(decrease) in cash held                                                            32,556            (12,792)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                        87,248           100,040
                        Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                                  174                      -
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                4.1.1        119,978             87,248




                        The notes on pages 32 to 63 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                             Page 31 of 67



                        The notes on pages 58 to 89 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

                                                                                                                                                                           57
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        NOTE 1 – BASIS OF PREPARATION
                        In preparing the 2018 financial statements, Pilbara Minerals Limited (“the Company”) has grouped notes into




For personal use only
                        sections under six key categories:
                        1.   Basis of Preparation
                        2.   Results for the Year
                        3.   Assets, Liabilities and Provisions supporting Exploration, Evaluation, Development and Mining
                        4.   Working Capital
                        5.   Equity and Funding
                        6.   Other Disclosures

                        Significant accounting policies specific to each note are included within that note. Accounting policies that are
                        determined to be non-significant are not included in the financial statements.

                        The financial report is presented in Australian dollars, except where otherwise stated.

                        All amounts have been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated in accordance with ASIC
                        Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191.

                        1.1 Reporting Entity
                              Pilbara Minerals Limited is a listed public company incorporated and domiciled in Australia.
                              The Company’s registered office is at Level 2, 88 Colin Street, West Perth, WA 6005. These consolidated
                              financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as the “Group”.
                              The Group is a for-profit entity and is primarily involved in the exploration, development and mining of
                              minerals.

                        1.2 Basis of Accounting
                              The consolidated financial statements are general purpose financial statements which have been
                              prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards (“AAS”) adopted by the Australian
                              Accounting Standards Board (“AASB”) and the Corporations Act 2001. The consolidated financial
                              statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) adopted by the
                              International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). They were authorised for issue by the Board of
                              Directors on 21 August 2018.

                        1.3 New and Amended Standards Adopted by the Group
                              AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                              The Group has elected to early adopt AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers as issued by the
                              Australian Accounting Standards Board from 1 January 2018 under the full retrospective approach. In
                              accordance with the transition provisions in AASB 15 the new rules have been adopted retrospectively.
                              There is no restatement of the comparatives as there was no revenue from contracts with customers in
                              the prior period.
                              AASB 15 outlines a single comprehensive model of accounting for revenue arising from contracts with
                              customers and replaces the revenue recognition requirements outlined in AASB 118 Revenue and AASB
                              111 Construction Contracts.
                                                                                                                             Page 32 of 67




       58               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                     …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                              Refer to note 2.1.1 for further details on the impact of the adoption of the new standard.

                        1.4 Basis of Consolidation




For personal use only
                        1.4.1 Business Combinations
                              The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred
                              to the Group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are
                              the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any gain
                              on a bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as
                              incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities. The consideration transferred does
                              not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such amounts are generally
                              recognised in profit or loss.
                              Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay
                              contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then
                              it is not remeasured, and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, other contingent
                              consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value
                              of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or loss.

                        1.4.2 Subsidiaries
                              Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or
                              has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
                              returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
                              consolidated financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which
                              control ceases.

                        1.4.3 Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                              Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-
                              group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted
                              investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee.
                              Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there
                              is no evidence of impairment.

                        1.5 Foreign Currency Translation
                        1.5.1 Functional and Presentational Currency
                              These consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s
                              functional currency.

                        1.5.2 Transactions and balances
                              Foreign currency transactions are translated into foreign currency using the exchange rates prevailing at
                              the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
                              transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities
                              denominated in foreign currencies are generally recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                               Page 33 of 67


                                                                                                                                                             59
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        1.6 Use of Judgements and Estimates
                              In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management has made judgments, estimates and




For personal use only
                              assumptions that affect the application of the Group’s accounting policies and the reported amounts of
                              assets, liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
                              Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to estimates are
                              recognised prospectively.
                              Judgements and estimates which are material to the financial report are found in the following sections:
                                  •   Note 2.2.1 – measurement of share-based payment transactions
                                  •   Note 3.2 – estimation of ore resources and reserves and deferred stripping costs
                                  •   Note 3.3 – measurement of mine rehabilitation provision

                        1.7    Measurement of Fair Values
                              The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis. The Group does
                              not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value at the reporting date.
                              A financial asset measured at amortised cost is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether
                              there is objective evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates
                              that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that the loss event had a
                              negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.




                                                                                                                                Page 34 of 67



      60                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                               …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        NOTE 2 – RESULTS FOR THE YEAR




For personal use only
                        Mining of direct shipping ore (DSO) at the Pilgangoora project commenced in January 2018 with first sales
                        under a minegate sale agreement in May 2018. Revenue and expenses incurred in relation to the DSO project
                        are recognised in the profit or loss.

                        2.1.1 Revenue from contracts with customers

                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Revenue from contracts with customers
                               The Group has early adopted AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers from 1 July 2017, resulting in a
                               change to the Group’s revenue recognition accounting policy.
                               The core principal of AASB 15 is that revenue is recognised on a basis that reflects the transfer of promised goods
                               or services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange
                               for those goods or services. Revenue is recognised by applying a five-step process outlined in AASB 15 which is
                               as follows:
                               Step 1: Identify the contract with a customer;
                               Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract and determine at what point they are satisfied;
                               Step 3: Determine the transaction price;
                               Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; and
                               Step 5: Recognise the revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied.


                               The performance obligation is the supply of DSO material pursuant to a minegate sale agreement. Revenue is
                               recognised upon collection of DSO material by the customer at the minegate.
                               Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. The Group recognises revenue
                               when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to
                               the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s activities. The amount of revenue is not
                               considered to be reliably measurable until all material contingencies relating to the sale have been resolved.


                                                                                                                     2018                 2017
                                                                                                                     $’000                $’000

                              Sales to customers under contracts                                                     9,880                       -

                              Recovery of royalties under contracts with customers                                    308                        -

                                                                                                                   10,188                        -

                        2.1.2 Cost of sales

                                                                                                                     2018                 2017
                                                                                                                     $’000                $’000
                              Mining costs                                                                           3,089                       -

                              Depreciation and amortisation                                                          1,350                       -

                              Royalties                                                                              1,844                       -

                              Foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                             (70)                      -

                                                                                                                     6,213                       -




                                                                                                                                         Page 35 of 67



                                                                                                                                                                       61
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018
                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018



                        2.2 Expenses
                        2.2.1 Share-based payment expense




For personal use only
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Share-based payment arrangements
                               The grant-date fair value of equity-settled share-based payment arrangements granted to holders of equity-
                               based instruments (including employees) are generally recognised as an expense, with a corresponding increase
                               in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the
                               number of awards for which the related service and non-market performance conditions are expected to be met,
                               such that the amount ultimately recognised is based on the number of awards that meet the related service and
                               non-market performance conditions at the vesting date.
                               For share-based payment awards with non-market conditions, the grant-date fair value of the share-based
                               payment is measured to reflect such conditions and there is no true-up for differences between expected and
                               actual outcomes.
                               In determining the fair value of share-based payments granted, a key estimate and judgement is the volatility
                               input assumed within the pricing model. The Company uses historical volatility of the Company to determine an
                               appropriate level of volatility expected, commensurate with the expected instrument’s life.

                              The share-based payment expense included within the Statement of Profit or Loss can be broken down
                              as follows:
                                                                                                                    2018                2017
                                                                                                                    $’000               $’000

                              Share options expense                                                                 4,325              12,415
                              Performance rights expense                                                               305                   -

                                                                                                                    4,630              12,415

                              Share options
                              The following table shows total options granted (or deemed to be granted) during the year ended
                              30 June 2018 and the value attributed to each option granted, by holder:
                                                                                                                                          Value
                                                                   No. of      Exercise                   Fair Value          Value
                               Holder                                                        Expiry                                     expensed
                                                                  options       price                     ($/option)         ($’000)
                                                                                                                                         ($’000)
                               Directors                         2,000,000      $0.90     08/12/2020       0.4211               842          667
                               KMP                               3,500,000      $0.45     31/08/2020       0.1181               414          353
                               Subtotal – Options issued
                               current year                     5,500,000                                                     1,256        1,020
                               Options issued in prior years                                                                               3,305
                               TOTAL                                                                                                       4,325

                              Options issued to Directors were approved by shareholders at the AGM on 23 November 2017.




                                                                                                                                       Page 36 of 67




       62               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                                          …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        For the year ended 30 June 2018




                              The number and weighted average exercise prices of unlisted share options are as follows:
                                                                                       2018                                          2017




For personal use only
                                                                       Weighted average                               Weighted average
                                                                        exercise price      No. of options             exercise price     No. of options

                                  Outstanding at 1 July                       $0.467                 101,568,181            $0.351              109,422,346
                                  Exercised during the period                 $0.429                 (51,984,847)*          $0.080              (24,420,832)
                                  Lapsed during the period                       -                           -              $0.288                 (1,433,333)
                                  Granted during the period                   $0.614                   5,500,000            $0.622                18,000,000
                                  Outstanding at 30 June                      $0.518                  55,083,334            $0.467              101,568,181
                                  Exercisable at 30 June                                              38,500,000                                  65,234,847

                              *This includes 5,800,000 cashless options exercised during the year, subsequently converted to 3,193,585
                              ordinary shares.
                              The classes of the options on issue as at 30 June 2018 are as follows:
                                  Options issued                  Expiry date                 Exercise price            No. of options not yet exercised
                                  30,500,000a                    16 May 2019                         $0.40                         27,000,000
                                  13,000,000a                 08 September 2019                      $0.63                         13,000,000
                                  500,000b                    07 November 2019                       $0.55                            500,000
                                  500,000b                    17 November 2019                       $0.55                            500,000
                                  10,000,000c                 12 December 2019                       $0.63                          9,333,334
                                  2,000,000d                    31 August 2020                       $0.45                          2,000,000
                                  1,500,000e                    31 August 2020                       $0.45                            750,000
                                  2,000,000f                  08 December 2020                       $0.90                          2,000,000
                              a
                                   The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options were:
                                    • 33.33% vest upon the delivery of a final DFS for the 2Mtpa Pilgangoora Project to a standard acceptable to the Board;
                                    • 33.33% vest upon the funding required to develop the Pilgangoora Project being raised or procured based on parameters
                                       acceptable to the Board and a “decision to mine” being made by the Board in respect of the Pilgangoora Project;
                                    • 33.33% vest upon a Board determination in respect of the Pilgangoora Project mine development and plant construction
                                       being largely complete (both for civil works and mine establishment) and the process plant having achieved a nominal
                                       85% of its design throughput capacity during production runs, at a saleable product specification; and
                                    • A continuing employment service condition at the time each milestone is achieved.
                              b
                                   The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options were:
                                    • 50% vest upon a Board determination in respect of the funding required to develop the Pilgangoora Project being raised or
                                       procured based on parameters acceptable to the Board and a “decision to mine” being made by the Board in respect of the
                                       Pilgangoora Project;
                                    • 50% vest upon a Board determination in respect of the Pilgangoora Project mine development and plant construction
                                       being largely complete (both for civil works and mine establishment) and the process plant having achieved a nominal
                                       85% of its design throughput capacity during production runs, at a saleable product specification; and
                                    • A continuing employment service condition at the time each milestone is achieved.
                              c
                                   The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options were:
                                    • 33.33% vest on the date of allotment;
                                    • 33.33% vest on 31 December 2017 subject to the Directors remaining in service at that date; and
                                    • 33.33% vest on 31 December 2018 subject to the Directors remaining in service at that date.
                              d
                                   The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options were:
                                    • 6 months service condition;
                                    • a Board determination in respect of the Pilgangoora Project mine development and plant construction being largely
                                       complete (both for civil works and mine establishment) and the process plant having achieved a nominal 85% of its
                                       design throughput capacity during production runs, at a saleable product specification; and
                                    • A continuing employment service condition at the time the above performance milestone is achieved.
                              e
                                   The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options were:



                                                                                                                                                    Page 37 of 67




                                                                                                                                                                                  63
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018

                                    • 50% vest upon the Pilgangoora Project mine development and plant construction being largely complete (both for civil
                                      works and mine establishment) and the process plant having achieved a nominal 85% of its design throughput capacity
                                      during production runs, at a saleable product specification; and




For personal use only
                                    • 50% vest immediately on the date of allotment.
                                    • A continuing employment service condition at the time each milestone is achieved.

                              f
                                    The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options were:
                                    • 33.33% vest on the date of allotment;
                                    • 33.33% vest on 30 June 2018, subject to the Director remaining in service at that date; and
                                    • 33.33% vest on 30 June 2019, subject to the Director remaining in service at that date.


                              Unless stated, there are no other vesting conditions on options on issue.
                              Performance rights
                              The Pilbara Performance Rights Plan (“Plan”) was introduced following approval at the AGM on 23
                              November 2017.
                              Performance rights were granted to the Managing Director and other KMP under the Plan over ordinary
                              shares for no consideration, 50% of awarded rights are based on market conditions and 50% are based
                              on strategic objectives. The vesting condition are as follows:


                                  Vesting Condition                    Criteria
                                  Service Condition                    A two-year period commencing from the vesting start date.
                                  Market Condition                     Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR).
                                  Strategic Objective Conditions       Measured over the Service Condition period, including:
                                                                      -    Production capacity development (Growth) based on the following
                                                                           performance indicators:
                                                                                ▪   Target shipment of Stage 1 product; and
                                                                                ▪   Final investment decision of the Board in respect of Stage 2
                                                                                    (5Mtpa) expansion.
                                                                      -    Sustainability of operations (Sustainability) based on the following
                                                                           performance indicators:
                                                                                ▪   Achieve product specifications for target production capacity;
                                                                                ▪   Diversify customer sales; and
                                                                                ▪   Participation in downstream processing initiatives.


                              The following table shows performance rights affecting the share-based payments expense for the year
                              ended 30 June 2018 and the value attributed to each performance right granted, by the category holder.
                                  Holder                               No of                                                   Total Fair   Fair value
                                                                    performance                               Fair value        Value       expensed
                                                                       rights             Expiry Date         ($/Right)         ($’00)       ($’000)

                                  Executive Director                  158,461           30/06/2019              0.937               148               74
                                  Executive Director                  158,461           30/06/2019              0.965               107               54

                                  KMP                                 225,913           30/06/2019              0.850               192               96

                                  KMP                                 225,913           30/06/2019              0.910               206              81
                                  Performance rights                  768,748                                                       653             305
                                  issued current year




                                                                                                                                              Page 38 of 67


      64                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                   …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        2.2.2 Exploration and evaluation expenditure
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY




For personal use only
                               Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources is the search for mineral resources after the entity has
                               obtained legal rights to explore in a specific area, as well as the determination of the technical feasibility and
                               commercial viability of extracting the mineral resource. Accordingly, exploration and evaluation expenditures are
                               those expenditures incurred in connection with the exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources before
                               the technical feasibility and commercial viability of extracting a mineral resource are demonstrable.
                               Accounting for exploration and evaluation expenditures is assessed separately for each “area of interest”. Each
                               “area of interest” is an individual geological area which is considered to constitute a favourable environment for
                               the presence of a mineral deposit or has been proved to contain such a deposit.
                               Exploration and evaluation costs are written off in the year they are incurred, apart from acquisition costs which
                               are carried forward where right of tenure of the area of interest is current, and they are expected to be recouped
                               through sale or successful development and exploitation of the area of interest, or where exploration and
                               evaluation activities in the area of interest have not reached a stage that permits reasonable assessment of the
                               existence of economically recoverable reserves.
                               Where an area of interest is abandoned, or the Directors decide that it is not commercially viable, any
                               accumulated acquisition costs in respect of that area are written off in the financial period the decision is made.
                               Each area of interest is also reviewed at the end of each accounting period and accumulated costs are written off
                               to the extent that they will not be recoverable in the future.
                               Exploration and evaluation assets are transferred to Mine Properties in Development once technical feasibility
                               and commercial viability of an area of interest is demonstrable. Exploration and evaluation assets are tested for
                               impairment, and any impairment loss is recognised, prior to being reclassified.

                                                                                                                       2018                 2017
                                                                                                                       $’000                $’000

                              Costs expensed in relation to areas of interest in the exploration and
                              evaluation phase                                                                        (7,367)               (9,743)


                              The current years expense included $4.5 million for the definitive feasibility study (“DFS”) for the Stage 2, 5Mtpa
                              expansion of Pilgangoora project, which was subsequently completed on 2 August 2018. (FY 2017: $6.3 million
                              of feasibility expenditure was expensed in relation to Stage 1 DFS).

                        2.2.3 Operating lease commitments
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Leases
                               At inception of an arrangement, the Group determines whether an arrangement is, or contains, a lease.
                               At inception or on reassessment of an arrangement that contains a lease, the Group separates payments and
                               other consideration required by the arrangement into those for the lease and those for other elements on the
                               basis of their relative fair values. If the Group concludes for a finance lease that it is impracticable to separate the
                               payments reliably, then an asset and a liability are recognised at an amount equal to the fair value of the
                               underlying asset; subsequently, the liability is reduced as payments are made and an imputed finance cost on
                               the liability is recognised using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.
                               Leased assets
                               Leases of property, plant and equipment that transfer to the Group substantially all of the risks and rewards of
                               ownership are classified as finance leases. The leased assets are measured initially at an amount equal to the
                               lower of their fair value and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                               the assets are accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to that asset.
                               Assets held under other leases are classified as operating leases and are not recognised in the Group’s Statement
                               of Financial Position.




                                                                                                                                             Page 39 of 67


                                                                                                                                                                           65
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Lease payments




For personal use only
                               Payments made under operating leases are recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of
                               the lease. Lease incentives received are recognised as an integral part of the total lease expense, over the term
                               of the lease.
                               Minimum lease payments made under finance leases are apportioned between the finance expense and the
                               reduction of the outstanding liability. The finance expense is allocated to each period during the lease term so
                               as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.

                              The operating lease expense recognised within the Statement of Profit or Loss is as follows:
                                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                                  $’000               $’000

                              Operating lease expense                                                               267                 214

                              Future minimum rentals payable under non-cancellable operating leases as at 30 June are, as follows:
                                                                                                                  2018                2017
                                                                                                                  $’000               $’000
                              Within one year                                                                     6,620                 314
                              After one year but not more than five years                                        22,966                 430
                                                                                                                 29,586                 744

                              The increase in non-cancellable operating lease commitments during the year relates to contracts
                              entered into for the Pilgangoora project.


                        2.3 Net Financing Costs
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               The Group’s finance income and finance costs include:
                               •   interest income;
                               •   interest expense;
                               •   foreign exchange gains and losses;
                               •   iIncome from sale of financial investments; and
                               •   Gains and losses on derivatives related to financing activities.
                                    gains
                               Interest income or expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
                               In addition to contracts with customers, the Group receives interest income from monies held in its bank
                               accounts. Interest revenue is recognised on an accruals basis based on the interest rate, deposited amount and
                               time which lapses before the reporting period end date.




                                                                                                                                    Page 40 of 67


       66               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                         …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                              Net financing costs can be analysed as follows:
                                                                                                               2018                   2017
                                                                                                               $’000                  $’000




For personal use only
                              Interest income on bank deposits                                                 2,729                  2,204
                              Income on sale of other financial assets1                                        3,975                        -
                              Finance income                                                                   6,704                  2,204
                              Loss on derivative                                                               (1,557)                      -
                              Interest expense – convertible notes                                                  -                    (40)
                              Interest expense – hire purchase assets                                               -                    (33)
                              Interest expense – borrowings                                                    (1,200)                   (27)
                              Interest expense – other                                                            (28)                     (2)
                              Net unrealised foreign exchange loss2                                            (6,429)                   (29)
                              Finance costs                                                                    (9,214)                 (131)
                              Net finance (costs)/income recognised in profit or loss                          (2,510)                2,073

                              Interest costs of $14.798 million directly attributable to the US$ secured bond debt facility were
                              capitalised as part of the cost of the Pilgangoora Project, as a result of it being considered a qualifying
                              development asset.
                              Income from sale of financial assets relates to proceeds received from the sale of shares in Tungsten
                              1

                              Mining NL.
                              2
                               Unrealised foreign exchange loss relates to the revaluation of the US$100 million denominated bond
                              and cash held in US$ denominated bank accounts.

                        2.4 Operating Segments
                              The Group’s operating segments have been determined with reference to the information and reports
                              the Chief Operating Decision Makers use to make strategic decisions regarding resources. Due to the
                              size and nature of the Group, the Managing Director is considered to be the Chief Operating Decision
                              Maker.
                              For management purposes, the Group has one operating segment, being mineral exploration, evaluation
                              and development and mining operations in Australia.
                              Segment results that are reported to the Group’s Chief Operating Decision Maker include items directly
                              attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items
                              comprise mainly of corporate assets and head office expenses.




                                                                                                                                   Page 41 of 67


                                                                                                                                                                 67
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018




                        2.4.1 Information about reporting segments
                                                                                                       Mineral exploration, evaluation and
                                                                                                       development and mining operations




For personal use only
                                                                                                              2018                  2017
                                                                                                             $’000                  $’000
                              For the year ended 30 June
                              Reportable segment revenue and other income                                    11,343                 2,109
                              Reportable segment costs expensed                                             (13,788)               (10,329)
                              Reportable segment net finance costs expensed                                   (3,699)                    -
                              Reportable segment loss before income tax                                       (6,144)               (8,220)
                              Reportable segment assets                                                     427,784               246,920
                              Reportable segment liabilities                                                181,824               134,044

                              Reconciliation of reportable segment loss and assets
                              Loss
                              Total loss for reportable segments                                              (6,144)               (8,220)
                              Unallocated amounts: corporate expenses                                       (14,530)               (19,829)
                              Net finance income/(costs)                                                      1,259                 2,095
                              Loss before income tax                                                        (19,415)               (25,954)

                              Assets
                              Total assets for reportable segments                                          427,784               246,920
                              Assets for corporate segment                                                  104,196                89,558
                              Total assets                                                                  531,980               336,478


                        2.5 Personnel Expenses
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Short-term employee benefits
                               Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the
                               amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a
                               result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
                               Defined contribution plans
                               Obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are expensed as the related service is provided.
                               Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in future
                               payments is available.
                               Other long-term employee benefits
                               The Group’s net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits is the amount of future benefit that
                               employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted to
                               determine its present value. Re-measurements are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
                               Termination benefits
                               Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
                               benefits and when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring. If benefits are not expected to be settled wholly
                               within 12 months of the reporting date, then they are discounted.




                                                                                                                                      Page 42 of 67




      68                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                  …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                              The table below sets out personnel costs expensed during the year:
                                                                                                                        2018                2017
                                                                                                                        $’000               $’000




For personal use only
                              Wages and salaries                                                                        4,912               2,898
                              Superannuation expense                                                                      352                 239
                                                                                                                        5,264               3,137


                        2.6 Income Tax Expenses
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that
                               it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.
                               Current tax
                               Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, and any
                               adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax payable or
                               receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects uncertainty related
                               to income taxes, if any. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
                               Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends. Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain
                               criteria are met.
                               Deferred tax
                               Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
                               liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
                               recognised for:
                               •   Temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business
                                   combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
                               •   Temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements to the extent
                                   that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable
                                   that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
                               •   Taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.
                               Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences
                               to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used. Future
                               taxable profits are determined based on business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax
                               assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the
                               related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits
                               improves.
                               Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and recognised to the extent that it has
                               become probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used.
                               Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they
                               reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
                               The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the
                               Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. For this
                               purpose, the carrying amount of investment property measured at fair value is presumed to be recovered through
                               sale, and the Group has not rebutted this presumption.
                               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
                               Tax consolidation legislation
                               Pilbara Minerals and its 100% owned Australian resident subsidiaries have implemented the tax consolidation
                               legislation. Current and deferred tax amounts are accounted for in each individual entity as if each entity
                               continued to act as a taxpayer on its own.
                               Pilbara Minerals recognises its own current and deferred tax amounts and those current tax liabilities, current tax
                               assets and deferred tax assets arising from unused tax credits and unused tax losses which it has assumed from
                               its controlled entities within the tax consolidated Group.


                                                                                                                                            Page 43 of 67


                                                                                                                                                                          69
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018

                               Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the tax consolidated entities are recognised as
                               amounts payable or receivable from or payable to other entities in the Group. Any difference between the
                               amounts receivable or payable under the tax funding agreement are recognised as a contribution to (or




For personal use only
                               distribution from) controlled entities in the tax consolidated Group.


                        2.6.1 Income tax expense
                                                                                                                      2018               2017
                                                                                                                      $’000              $’000
                              Current income tax expense                                                                     -                  -


                        2.6.2 Reconciliation of income tax expense
                                                                                                                      2018               2017
                                                                                                                      $’000              $’000

                              Loss before tax from continuing operations                                             (19,415)          (25,954)

                              Tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate of 30% (2017: 30%)                            (5,825)           (7,786)

                              Tax effect of items which are not deductible in calculating taxable income:
                              Non-deductible expenses
                              Share based payment expense                                                              1,389             3,725
                              Research and development offset                                                           (278)                -
                              Other                                                                                       18                20

                              Tax losses not recognised                                                               11,366             4,445
                              Temporary differences not brought to account                                            (6,670)             (404)
                              Income tax expense reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss                     -                  -

                              Potential deferred tax assets have not been recognised at 30 June 2018 for deductible temporary
                              differences and tax losses because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against
                              which the Company can use the benefits. The deferred tax losses not recognised at 30 June 2018 have
                              a tax effected value of $20.1 million (2017: $10.4 million).

                        2.7 Loss per share
                              Basic loss per share
                                                                                                                      2018              2017


                              Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders ($’000)                               (19,415)           (25,954)


                              Issued ordinary shares at 1 July (’000)                                            1,466,538         1,148,051
                              Effect of shares issued (’000)                                                       161,686             81,516
                              Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 30 June (’000)                       1,628,224         1,229,567

                              Basic and diluted loss per share (cents)*                                              (1.19)             (2.11)
                              * Due to the fact that the Company made a loss, potential ordinary shares from the exercise of options have been
                                excluded due to their anti-dilutive effect.




                                                                                                                                        Page 44 of 67


       70               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                               …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        NOTE 3 – ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS SUPPORTING
                        EXPLORATION, EVALUATION, DEVELOPMENT AND MINING




For personal use only
                        This section focuses on the exploration, evaluation, development and mining assets which form the core of the
                        Group’s business, including those assets and liabilities that support the ongoing exploration, evaluation,
                        development and mining activities as well as commitments existing at the year end.

                        3.1 Exploration and Evaluation Expenditure
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Refer to Note 2.2.2 for the Company’s exploration and evaluation expenditure policy.

                        3.1.1 Exploration and evaluation assets
                                                                                                                      2018                 2017
                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000
                              Costs carried forward in relation to areas of interest in the exploration and
                              evaluation phase                                                                        6,361                6,331

                              Reconciliations: Exploration and evaluation phase
                              Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                            6,331                 263
                              Acquisitions                                                                               30              10,872
                              Transfer to mine properties in development phase                                            -              (4,804)
                              Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                  6,361               6,331

                        3.1.2 Exploration licence expenditure commitments
                              The Company has minimum exploration licence commitments as follows:
                                                                                                                      2018                 2017
                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000
                              Within one year                                                                           392                  482
                              Later than one year but less than five years                                            1,179                1,395
                              Greater than five years                                                                 2,096                2,272


                        3.2 Property, Plant, Equipment and Mine Properties
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY

                               Property, Plant and Equipment
                               Recognition and measurement
                               Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
                               impairment losses. Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. When
                               parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as a separate
                               item of property, plant and equipment.
                               Depreciation
                               Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property plant and equipment less their estimated
                               residual value using either the straight line or units of production methods over either the estimated useful life
                               or the estimated resource. Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss. Land is not depreciated.
                               The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment for current and comparative periods are as follows:
                               •   Office equipment          2 to 10 years
                               •   Plant and equipment       5 years
                               •   Motor vehicles            3 to 5 years




                                                                                                                                         Page 45 of 67



                                                                                                                                                                       71
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                               Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reassessed at each reporting date and adjusted
                               appropriately.




For personal use only
                               Mine Properties
                               Mine Properties in Development
                               Development expenditure relates to costs incurred to access a mineral resource. It represents those costs incurred
                               after the technical and commercial viability of extracting the mineral resource has been demonstrated and an
                               identified mineral reserve is being prepared for production (but is not yet in production).
                               Development expenditure is capitalised as either a tangible or intangible asset depending on the nature of the
                               costs incurred. Capitalisation of development expenditure ceases once the mining property is capable of
                               commercial production, at which point it is transferred into the relevant category of Property, Plant and
                               Equipment depending on the nature of the asset and depreciated over the useful life of the asset.
                               Development expenditure includes the direct costs of construction, pre-production costs, borrowing costs
                               incurred during the construction phase, reclassified exploration and evaluation assets (acquisition costs) and
                               subsequent development expenditure on the reclassified areas of interest. These costs are not amortised, the
                               carrying value is assessed for impairment whenever the facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying amount
                               of the asset may exceed the recoverable amount.
                               Mine Properties in Production
                               Any development expenditure incurred once a mine property is in production is immediately expensed to the
                               Statement of Profit or Loss except where it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the Group, in
                               which case it is capitalised as Mine Properties in Production.
                               Amortisation is provided on a unit of production basis which results in an amortisation charge proportional to
                               the depletion of the economically recoverable mineral resources (comprising proven and probable mineral
                               reserves).
                               A regular review is undertaken to determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward costs in relation
                               to that area of interest. An impairment exists when the carrying value of mine properties exceeds its estimated
                               recoverable amount. The asset is then written down to its recoverable amount and the impairment losses are
                               recognised in profit or loss.
                               Deferred Stripping
                               Stripping activity costs incurred are assessed as to whether the benefit accruing from that activity is to provide
                               access to ore than can be used to produce ore inventory, or whether it in addition provides improved access to
                               ore that will be mined in future periods.
                               To the extent that the benefit from the stripping activity is realised in the form of inventory produced, the Group
                               accounts for the costs of that stripping activity in accordance with the principles of AASB 102 Inventories. A
                               stripping activity asset is brought to account if it is probable that future economic benefit (improved access to
                               the ore body) will flow to the Group, the component of the ore body for which access has been improved can be
                               identified and costs relating to the stripping activity can be measured reliably.
                               The amount of stripping costs that are capitalised is determined based on a comparison of the stripping ratio in
                               the relevant period with the life of mine stripping ratio. To the extent that there is a period of sustained stripping
                               that exceeds the average life of mine stripping ratio, mine waste stripping costs are capitalised to the stripping
                               activity asset and presented within mine properties in production. Such capitalised costs are amortised over the
                               life of that mine on a units of production basis. The life of mine ratio is based on ore reserves of the mine.
                               Changes to the life of mine are accounted for prospectively.
                               Mineral Rights
                               Mineral Rights are capitalised exploration and evaluation acquisition costs transferred from Deferred Exploration
                               and Evaluation Expenditure upon a decision to mine, as well as other intangible assets that are transferred from
                               Mine Properties in Development upon completion of development and commencement of commercial
                               production.
                               Key Estimates and Judgements
                               i)      Resources and Reserves
                               Resources are estimates of the amount of saleable product that can be economically extracted from the Group’s
                               mine properties. In order to calculate resources, estimates and assumptions are required about a range of
                               geological, technical and economic factors, including quantities, grades, production techniques, recovery rates,
                               production costs, future capital requirements, short and long-term commodity prices and exchange rates.


                                                                                                                                         Page 46 of 67


       72               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                             …Powering a sustainable energy future



                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018

                               Estimating the quantity and/or grade of resources requires the size, shape and depth of ore  orebodies
                                                                                                                                bodies to be
                               determined by analysing geological data. This process may require complex and difficult geological judgements
                               and calculations to interpret the data.




For personal use only
                               The Group determines and reports ore resources under the Australian Code of Reporting for Mineral Resource
                               and Ore Reserves (2012), known as the JORC Code. The JORC Code requires the use of reasonable assumptions
                               to calculate resources. Due to the fact that economic assumptions used to estimate resources may change from
                               period to period, and geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of resources may
                               change from period to period. Changes in reported resources may affect the Group’s financial results and
                               financial position in a number of ways, including:
                               • Asset carrying values may be impacted due to changes in estimates of future cash flows;
                               • Amortisation charged in the profit and loss statement may change where such charges are calculated using
                                 the units of production basis;
                               • Decommissioning, site restoration and environmental provisions may change due to changes in the estimated
                                 resources after expectations about the timing or costs of the activities change; and
                               • Recognition of deferred tax assets, including tax losses.

                               ii)     Deferred Stripping
                               The Group defers advanced stripping costs incurred during the production stage of its operations. This
                               calculation requires the use of judgements and estimates such as estimates of tonnes of waste to be removed
                               over the life of the mining area and economically recoverable reserves extracted as a result. Changes in a mine’s
                               life and design may result in changes to the expected stripping ratio (waste to mineral reserves ratio). Any
                               resulting changes are accounted for prospectively.



                        3.2.1 Property, plant, equipment and mine properties
                                                                        Hire        Mine
                                                         Property,                                Mine
                                                                     purchase/   properties                    Mineral        Mine              total
                                                         plant and                             properties in
                                                                       lease          in                       rights     rehabilitation
                                                        equipment                              development                                      $'000
                                                                     equipment   production                     $’000         $’000
                                                           $’000                                  $’000
                                                                       $’000        $’000
                              AT 30 JUNE 2017
                              Opening net book value          459        175            -              -             -        199                   833
                              Additions                       172          -            -         48,810        50,000        147                99,129
                              Disposals                       (33)      (130)           -              -             -          -                 (163)
                              Transfer and movements            -          -            -              -         4,804       (139)                4,665
                              Depreciation charge             (91)         -            -              -             -          -                   (91)

                              Balance at 30 June 2017         507         45            -        48,810        54,804         207             104,373

                              AT 30 JUNE 2018
                              Opening net book value          507         45            -         48,810        54,804        207              104,373
                              Additions                       470        640        9,876        237,908             -      6,791              255,685
                              Capitalised interest              -          -            -         14,798             -          -               14,798
                              Disposals                      (325)       (45)           -              -             -          -                 (370)
                              Depreciation charge            (151)         -       (1,350)             -             -          -               (1,501)

                              Balance at 30 June 2018         501        640        8,526       301,516        54,804       6,998             372,985

                              Since the release of the Pilgangoora Project’s Definitive Feasibility Study in September 2016, the Group
                              has continued with the development and construction of the project, spending $237.9 million during
                              the year. The Group commenced commissioning of the concentrate plant and produced first concentrate
                              in June 2018.
                              As at 30 June 2018 the Group had outstanding contractual capital commitments of $18.5 million (2017:
                              $28.7 million) which are expected to be settled prior to 30 June 2019.




                                                                                                                                       Page 47 of 67


                                                                                                                                                                     73
            NOTES  TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
            For the year ended 30 June 2018
                 For the year
                 NOTES     TOended
                               THE 30  June 2018
                                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                 For the year ended 30 June 2018
                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        3.3the year
                        For  Provisions
                                    ended 30 June 2018
                        3.3 Provisions
                             ACCOUNTING POLICY

                        3.3 Provisions
                             Provisions
                             ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Provisions
                               Provisions      are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               market assessments of the time value of money, and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the
                               Provisions   is are   determined
                                                              as a by   discounting
                                                                                cost. the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current




For personal use only
                               Provisions
                               discount        recognised           finance
                               market assessments of the time value of money, and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the
                               Provisions
                               discount is are
                               Mine    Rehabilitationdetermined
                                               recognised     as a by   discounting
                                                                    finance     cost. the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current
                               market
                               In         assessments
                                  accordance         with the applicable legal of
                                                            of  the  time    value        money, and athe
                                                                                      requirements,             risks specific
                                                                                                           provision     for sitetorehabilitation
                                                                                                                                     the liability. in
                                                                                                                                                     The   unwinding
                                                                                                                                                        respect            of the
                                                                                                                                                                  of returning
                               Mine
                               discountRehabilitation
                                            is recognised     as a finance      cost. when land is disturbed.
                               the land to      its original state   is recognised
                               In accordance
                               Mine    Rehabilitationwith the applicable legal requirements, a provision for site rehabilitation in respect of returning
                               At
                               theeach
                                    land reporting       date,state
                                           to its original      the is
                                                                     site   rehabilitation
                                                                        recognised      whenprovision      is remeasured to reflect any changes in discount rates
                                                                                                land is disturbed.
                               In accordance
                               and timing        or with   the of the
                                                     amounts    applicablecostslegal  requirements,
                                                                                   to be    incurred. a
                                                                                                      Such provision
                                                                                                              changesfor  in site  rehabilitation
                                                                                                                             the estimated          in are
                                                                                                                                                        respect of
                                                                                                                                                liability             returning
                                                                                                                                                               accounted       for
                               theeach
                               At   land  reporting
                                           to itsfrom
                               prospectively             date,
                                                          the state
                                                    original  date   sitethe
                                                                the is
                                                                     of recognised              land isto, is
                                                                                        whenprovision
                                                                            rehabilitation
                                                                               change and      added          remeasured
                                                                                                        disturbed.
                                                                                                            or deducted from, to reflect   any changes
                                                                                                                                    the related             in discount
                                                                                                                                                  asset where                rates
                                                                                                                                                                  it is possible
                               and   timing economic
                               thateach
                                     future      or amounts      of thewill
                                                             benefits     costs totobethe   incurred.
                                                                                              Group. Such     changes in the estimated liability are accounted for
                               At
                               prospectively  porting
                                                   fromdate,         sitethe flow
                                                                the of
                                                          the date          rehabilitation
                                                                               change and provision
                                                                                               added to, is orremeasured
                                                                                                               deducted from, to reflect   any changes
                                                                                                                                    the related             in discount
                                                                                                                                                  asset where                rates
                                                                                                                                                                  it is possible
                               and
                               Key   timing
                                     estimates   or  amounts
                                                    and          of
                                                         judgements the   costs    to
                               that future economic benefits will flow to the Group.  be    incurred. Such    changes     in the   estimated    liability are  accounted       for
                               prospectively
                               Significant         from
                                               judgement  the date   of  the   change     and  added   to,  or deducted     from,   the  related  asset
                                                              is required in determining the provision for mine rehabilitation and closure as there are   where   it is  possible
                               Key
                               that  estimates      and  judgements
                               manyfuture
                                       factors economic
                                                   that will benefits
                                                             affect thewill   flow toliability
                                                                          ultimate      the Group.
                                                                                                 payable to rehabilitate mine sites, including future disturbances
                               Significant
                               Key   estimates
                               caused by       judgement      is required
                                                    and judgements
                                              further                         in  determining
                                                        development, changes in technology,       the provision
                                                                                                         changes for      mine rehabilitation
                                                                                                                     in regulations,              and closure
                                                                                                                                       price increases,    changesas there     are
                                                                                                                                                                        in timing
                               many
                               of cash factors
                                          flows    that will affect
                                                    which areis basedthe  ultimate
                                                                          on inlife ofliability  payable
                                                                                        mine plans         to  rehabilitate   mine   sites, including    future disturbances
                               Significant
                               caused    by    judgement
                                              further            required
                                                        development,       changesdetermining     the and
                                                                                      in technology,
                                                                                                             changes
                                                                                                       provision
                                                                                                         changes    for  in discount
                                                                                                                          mine          rates. When
                                                                                                                                rehabilitation
                                                                                                                     in regulations,              and the
                                                                                                                                       price increases,
                                                                                                                                                             factors
                                                                                                                                                        closure
                                                                                                                                                           changes
                                                                                                                                                                         become
                                                                                                                                                                  as there     are
                                                                                                                                                                        in timing
                               known
                               many      in the
                                       factors      future,
                                                   that will such
                                                             affect differences
                                                                     the  ultimate   will  impact
                                                                                      liability    the mine
                                                                                                 payable   to    rehabilitation
                                                                                                               rehabilitate   mine provision
                                                                                                                                     sites,    in the period
                                                                                                                                            including    future  in which
                                                                                                                                                                disturbances   the
                               of cash flows
                               changes     become   which   are based on life of mine plans and changes in discount rates. When the factors become
                                                        known.
                               caused
                               known by       further
                                         in the         development,
                                                    future,                changes
                                                             such differences         in technology,
                                                                                     will                changes
                                                                                           impact the mine           in regulations,
                                                                                                                 rehabilitation        price increases,
                                                                                                                                   provision               changes
                                                                                                                                               in the period            in timing
                                                                                                                                                                 in which      the
                               of cash flows
                               changes     become   which   are based on life of mine plans and changes in discount rates. When the factors become
                                                        known.
                               known in the future, such differences will impact the mine rehabilitation provision in the period in which the
                               changes become known.

                               Employee leave benefits
                               The  currentleave
                               Employee      provision for employee benefits includes accrued annual and sick leave. The entire amount of the
                                                  benefits
                               leave provision is recognised as current, since the Group does not have the unconditional right to defer
                               Employee
                               The  currentleave  benefits
                                             provision for employee benefits includes accrued annual and sick leave. The entire amount of the
                               settlement for any of the obligations.
                               leave provision is recognised as current, since the Group does not have the unconditional right to defer
                               The current provision for employee benefits includes accrued annual and sick leave. The entire amount of the
                               settlement for any of the obligations.
                               leave provision is recognised as current, since the Group does not have the unconditional right to defer
                               settlement for any of the obligations.                                             2018               2017
                                                                                                                 $’000              $’000
                                                                                                                  2018               2017
                              Current – Provisions
                                                                                                                 $’000              $’000
                              Employee leave benefits                                                             2018
                                                                                                                   867               2017
                                                                                                                                      243
                              Current – Provisions
                                                                                                                 $’000
                                                                                                                   867              $’000
                                                                                                                                      243
                              Employee leave benefits                                                              867                243
                              Current  – Provisions
                              Non-Current    – Provisions
                                                                                                                   867                243
                              Employee
                              Mine       leave benefits
                                    rehabilitation provision                                                       867
                                                                                                                 6,997                243
                                                                                                                                      207
                              Non-Current – Provisions
                                                                                                                   867
                                                                                                                 6,997                243
                                                                                                                                      207
                              Mine rehabilitation provision                                                      6,997                207
                              Non-Current – Provisions
                                                                                                                 6,997                207
                              Mine rehabilitation provision                                                      6,997                207
                                                                                                                 6,997                207

                        NOTE 4 – WORKING CAPITAL
                        NOTE 4 – WORKING CAPITAL
                        4.1
                        NOTECash,  Cash Equivalents
                              4 – WORKING           CAPITAL    and Restricted Cash
                        4.1 Cash,  CashPOLICY
                             ACCOUNTING     Equivalents and Restricted Cash
                        4.1 Cash
                            Cash,  CashPOLICY
                                 and cash
                             ACCOUNTING     Equivalents
                                          equivalents          andbalances
                                                      comprise cash Restricted        Cashwith a maturity of less than or equal to six
                                                                           and call deposits
                               months from the date of acquisition. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents is considered to
                               Cash   and cash
                               ACCOUNTING
                               approximate      equivalents
                                                POLICY
                                              fair value.    comprise cash balances and call deposits with a maturity of less than or equal to six
                               months from the date of acquisition. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents is considered to
                               Cash   and cash
                               Restricted
                               approximate  cashequivalents
                                              fairrepresents
                                                   value.    comprise
                                                             funds whose         is and
                                                                           balances
                                                                      cashaccess                     suchwith
                                                                                               deposits
                                                                                          call until
                                                                                   restricted             timea as
                                                                                                                maturity
                                                                                                                   certainof less than or
                                                                                                                           conditions  precedent   six
                                                                                                                                          equal to are
                               months
                               satisfied. from the date of acquisition. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents is considered to
                               Restricted
                               approximate  cash
                                              fairrepresents
                                                   value.    funds whose access is restricted until such time as certain conditions precedent are
                               satisfied.
                               Restricted cash represents funds whose access is restricted until such time as certain conditions precedent are
                               satisfied.
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 48 of 67

                                                                                                                                                                   Page 48 of 67
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 48 of 67



       74               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                …Powering a sustainable energy future



                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        4.1.1 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
                                                                                                                    2018                    2017
                                                                                                                    $’000                   $’000




For personal use only
                              Bank balances                                                                           82                    118
                              Call deposits                                                                      119,896                 87,130
                              Cash and cash equivalents in the Statement of Financial Position                   119,978                 87,248
                              Restricted cash                                                                     12,308                134,322
                                                                                                                 132,286                221,570

                              The restricted cash balance of $12.3 million represents funds received following settlement of a
                              US$100 million senior secured bond in the prior year (refer Note 5.2). Funds received are required to be
                              held in a US$ denominated escrow bank account in the name of the Company’s 100% wholly owned
                              subsidiary Pilgangoora Operations Pty Ltd. During the year ended 30 June 2018, the Company
                              successfully completed customary cost to complete tests prior to drawing down US$89.4M ($118.6M).
                              Subsequent to year end, the Group successfully drew down the remaining balance of restricted cash.
                              For the purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
                              at bank and all call deposits.
                                                                                                                    2018                    2017
                                                                                                                    $’000                   $’000

                              Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                          132,286               221,570
                              Less: Restricted cash                                                               (12,308)             (134,322)
                              Cash and cash equivalents in the Statement of Cash Flows                            119,978                87,248

                        4.1.2 Reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                                                 2018                        2017
                                                                                                                 $’000                       $’000
                              Cash flows from operating activities
                              Loss for the period                                                              (19,415)                   (25,954)
                              Adjustments for:
                              - Depreciation and amortisation expense                                            1,501                         91
                               - (Profit)/Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment                              -                         16
                              - Net financing costs                                                              5,005                        125
                               - Inventory write down                                                                -                         46
                              - Share based payment expense                                                      4,630                     12,415
                              Operating loss before changes in working capital and provisions                   (8,279)                   (13,261)

                              Change in trade and other receivables                                             (4,965)                    (1,566)
                              Change in trade payables and employee benefits                                     4,838                     (1,457)
                              Change in inventories                                                               (592)                         -
                              Net cash used in operating activities                                             (8,998)                   (16,284)


                        4.2 Trade and Other Receivables
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value which is usually the value of the invoice sent to
                               the counterparty and subsequently at the amounts considered recoverable.
                               The Group undertakes expenditure on activities that are categorised as “eligible expenditure” under the Research
                               and Development Tax Incentive which, dependent upon certain criteria, may be subject to a tax offset. Where a
                               tax offset has been received or is receivable in cash, the Group accounts for the tax offset as follows:
                               • Where a grant is received or receivable in relation to research and development costs which have been
                                 capitalised, the tax offset is deducted from the carrying amount of the asset; or




                                                                                                                                          Page 49 of 67


                                                                                                                                                                        75
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018

                               • Where a grant is received or receivable in relation to research and development costs which have been
                                 charged to profit or loss during this or a prior financial year, the tax offset shall be credited to the Statement
                                 of Profit or Loss.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                    2018                 2017
                                                                                                                    $’000                $’000
                              Current
                              Trade debtors                                                                         6,233                    -
                              Goods and services tax receivable                                                     2,841                  770
                              Security deposits                                                                       673                  673
                              Research and development grant                                                            -                2,033
                              Prepayments                                                                           1,734                    -
                              Other receivables                                                                     1,324                  679
                                                                                                                   12,805                4,155



                              The trade debtors balance represents amounts owing to the Group following the sale of direct shipping
                              ore under a minegate sale agreement with Atlas Iron Limited.

                        4.3 Inventories
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Finished goods and work in progress ore stockpiles are surveyed and valued at the lower of cost and net realisable
                               value. Cost represents the weighted average cost and includes direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate
                               portion of fixed and variable production overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal
                               operating capacity.
                               Consumables are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to individual items of
                               stock on the basis of weighted average cost. Any allowance for obsolescence is determined by reference to
                               specific stock items identified.
                               Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs of
                               completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                                                                                                                    2018                 2017
                                                                                                                    $’000                $’000

                              Finished goods (DSO)                                                                  2,123                    -
                              Work-in-progress                                                                      1,733                    -
                              Consumables                                                                           3,687                   43
                                                                                                                    7,543                   43


                        4.4 Trade and Other Payables
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Trade payables
                               These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the
                               financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually payable within 30 days’ net of
                               recognition. Trade payables are recognised initially at the value of the invoice received from a supplier.




                                                                                                                                       Page 50 of 67


       76               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                            …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        For the year ended 30 June 2018




                                                                                                                 2018                   2017
                                                                                                                 $’000                  $’000
                              Current – Trade and other payables




For personal use only
                              Trade payables                                                                     8,334                 3,855
                              Accruals                                                                          37,460                 7,174
                              Interest payable                                                                     356                   395
                              Unearned revenue                                                                   2,600                     -
                              Other payables                                                                       983                     4
                                                                                                                49,733                11,428



                        NOTE 5 – EQUITY AND FUNDING

                        5.1 Capital and Reserves
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Costs directly attributable to the issue of new ordinary shares are
                               recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.

                        5.1.1 Ordinary shares
                                                                                          2018         2018              2017           2017
                                                                                          $’000      Number              $’000        Number
                                                                                                       (‘000)                           (‘000)

                              Fully paid ordinary shares                               419,610      1,744,513        261,756         1,466,538
                              Total share capital on issue at 30 June                  419,610      1,744,513        261,756         1,466,538

                              Movements in ordinary shares on issue:
                              On issue at 1 July                                       261,756      1,466,538        146,476         1,148,051
                              Shares issued during the period:
                              Issued for cash                                          136,910        220,514         66,465           189,900
                              Issued for assets                                          3,000          8,083         50,000           104,167
                              Exercise of share options                                 19,970         49,378          1,946            24,420
                              Share issue costs                                         (2,026)             -         (3,131)                -
                              On issue at 30 June                                      419,610      1,744,513        261,756         1,466,538

                              During the year ended 30 June 2018 the Company completed the following components of its $95
                              million equity raising announced in June 2017 at an issue price of 35 cents per ordinary share;
                                    •    Tranche 2 Placement – issue of 38.7 million ordinary shares to raise $13.5 million which was
                                         settled on 2 August 2017 following the receipt of shareholder approval; and
                                    •    Share Purchase Plan – issue of 43.8 million ordinary shares to raise $15.3 million which was
                                         settled on 2 August 2017.
                              On 30 October 2017, the Company completed a $28 million equity subscription with Great Wall Motor
                              Company and issued 56 million ordinary shares at an issue price of 50 cents per ordinary share.
                              On 29 March 2018, the Company completed a $79.6 million equity subscription with POSCO and issued
                              82.1 million ordinary shares at an issue price of 97 cents per ordinary share.

                              On 15 August 2017, the Company completed settlement of the Novo Litio Ltd (formerly Dakota Minerals
                              Limited) Lynas Find tenement acquisition following the transfer of the four remaining tenements to



                                                                                                                                     Page 51 of 67




                                                                                                                                                                    77
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                              Pilbara Minerals. Total consideration of $3 million was paid via the issue of 7,577,671 shares at a share
                              price of 39.59 cents.




For personal use only
                              On 4 April 2018, the Company issued 505,278 ordinary shares for a production payment ($0.45 million)
                              pursuant to the Njamal Native Title Agreement.

                              Terms and conditions of ordinary shares
                              Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are
                              entitled to one vote per share at shareholders’ meetings. In the event of winding up of the Company,
                              ordinary shareholders rank after all other shareholders and creditors with respect to any proceeds of
                              liquidations.

                        5.1.2 Reserves
                                                                                                                             2018                  2017
                                                                                                                             $’000                 $’000

                              Share-based payment reserve                                                                   18,923                32,501
                                                                                                                            18,923                32,501


                                                                                                                            2018                  2017
                                                                                                                            $’000                 $’000

                              Movements in share-based payment reserve:
                              Balance at 1 July                                                                            32,501                21,799
                              Share based payment expense following issue of options and                                    4,630                12,415
                              performance rights
                              Options exercised and transferred to accumulated losses                                     (18,208)               (1,713)
                              Balance at reporting date                                                                    18,923                32,501

                              The share-based payment reserve is used to record the fair value of the options and performance rights
                              issued. Options issued to directors and employees during the year and their associated value impact on
                              the share-based payment reserve are as follows:
                                                          Grant date
                                                                                Share price on          Exercise                         Valuation (cents
                                     Option               (valuation                                                    Expiry date
                                                                                 date of grant           price                             per option)
                                                          purposes)*
                                    3,500,000 **          01/09/2017                 $0.39               $0.45          31/08/2020             11.81
                                    2,000,000**           23/11/2017                 $0.97               $0.90          08/12/2020             42.11
                              * This is the grant date used for valuation purposes and represents the date options are awarded to employees or directors, it is
                                not the date the options are issued.
                              ** The vesting conditions attached to these unlisted options are detailed in Note 2.2.1

                              All option valuations during the period were performed by an independent third-party valuer. The Black
                              Scholes option valuation methodology was used to value the options. Inputs to the option valuation
                              model included the Company’s share price volatility, risk free rates, option life, and the option exercise
                              price. Option volatility was calculated using the share price movement of the Company over the past
                              12 months up until the date the options were granted.
                              The key inputs used in the measurement of the fair values at grant date of the equity-settled share-
                              based payment plans were as follows:
                                                                                                                              2018                     2017
                              Expected volatility (weighted average)                                                           67.4%                 103.9%
                              Expected life (weighted average)                                                              3.0 years              2.6 years
                              Risk free interest rate (based on government bonds) (weighted average)                            2.0%                   1.7%


                                                                                                                                                 Page 52 of 67


       78               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                              …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018

                              Performance rights issued to directors and employees during the year and their associated fair value are
                              Performance rights issued to directors and employees during the year and their associated fair value are
                              as follows:
                              as follows:




For personal use only
                                                         Grant date
                                 Performance             Grant date           Share price on                                Valuation (cents
                                 Performance              (valuation          Share price on           Expiry date          Valuation (cents
                                    rights                (valuation           date of grant           Expiry date             per right)
                                    rights               purposes)*            date of grant                                   per right)
                                                         purposes)*
                                     158,461             23/11/2017                 $0.97              30/06/2019                 93.70
                                     158,461             23/11/2017                 $0.97              30/06/2019                 93.70
                                     158,461             23/11/2017                 $0.97              30/06/2019                 96.50
                                     158,461             23/11/2017                 $0.97              30/06/2019                 96.50
                                     225,913             11/05/2018                 $0.91              30/06/2019                 85.00
                                     225,913             11/05/2018                 $0.91              30/06/2019                 85.00
                                     225,913             11/05/2018                 $0.91              30/06/2019                 91.00
                                     225,913             11/05/2018                 $0.91              30/06/2019                 91.00

                              The key inputs used in the measurement of the fair values at grant date of the equity-settled share-
                              The key inputs used in the measurement of the fair values at grant date of the equity-settled share-
                              based payment plans were as follows:
                              based payment plans were as follows:
                                                                                                                                   2018                      2017
                                                                                                                                   2018                      2017
                              Expected volatility (weighted average)                                                                80.0%                       -
                              Expected volatility (weighted average)                                                                80.0%                       -
                              Expected life (weighted average)                                                                   1.4 years                      -
                              Expected life (weighted average)                                                                   1.4 years                      -
                              Risk free interest rate (based on government bonds) (weighted average)                                 1.9%                       -
                              Risk free interest rate (based on government bonds) (weighted average)                                 1.9%                       -

                        5.2
                        5.2 Loans
                            Loans and Borrowings
                                  and Borrowings
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               Borrowings
                               Borrowings
                               Borrowings are initially measured at fair value less any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
                               Borrowings
                               recognition,are  initially
                                             these        measured
                                                    liabilities        at fair value
                                                                are measured          less any directly
                                                                                  at amortised            attributable
                                                                                                   cost using           transaction
                                                                                                                the effective         costs.
                                                                                                                               interest rate Subsequent
                                                                                                                                             method.       to initial
                               recognition, these liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
                               Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily
                               Borrowing   costs directly
                               takes a substantial   periodattributable     to the
                                                               of time to get       acquisition,
                                                                                 ready              construction
                                                                                        for its intended     use ororsale
                                                                                                                       production    of an asset
                                                                                                                          are capitalised  as part that necessarily
                                                                                                                                                     of the cost of
                               takes a  substantial  period    of time  to  get  ready  for  its intended    use  or sale are  capitalised
                               the asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur. Borrowing costs consistas  part  of the cost of
                                                                                                                                                                  of
                               the asset.
                               interest   Allother
                                        and   othercosts
                                                      borrowing
                                                            incurredcosts  are expensed
                                                                       in connection        in the
                                                                                         with   the borrowing
                                                                                                     period in which    theyInvestment
                                                                                                                  of funds.   occur. Borrowing
                                                                                                                                          incomecosts    consist
                                                                                                                                                     earned       of
                                                                                                                                                             on the
                               interest
                               temporaryandinvestment
                                             other costsofincurred
                                                              specific in connectionpending
                                                                        borrowings       with thetheir
                                                                                                     borrowing    of funds.
                                                                                                         expenditure         Investment
                                                                                                                        on qualifying     income
                                                                                                                                        assets       earned onfrom
                                                                                                                                                is deducted      the
                               temporary   investment     of  specific  borrowings
                               the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.        pending     their expenditure    on  qualifying  assets  is  deducted   from
                               the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.
                              This note provides information about the contractual terms of the Group’s interest-bearing loans and
                              This note provides information about the contractual terms of the Group’s interest-bearing loans and
                              borrowings. For more information about the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk, see Note 6.1.
                              borrowings. For more information about the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk, see Note 6.1.
                                                                                                                                 2018                     2017
                                                                                                                                 2018                     2017
                                                                                                                                 $’000                    $’000
                                                                                                                                 $’000                    $’000
                              Current
                              Current
                              Lease liability                                                                                       177                        -
                              Lease liability                                                                                       177                        -
                              Hire purchase liability                                                                                 -                       64
                              Hire purchase liability                                                                                 -                       64
                              Total borrowings – current                                                                            177                       64
                              Total borrowings – current                                                                            177                       64

                                                                                                                                 2018                     2017
                                                                                                                                 2018                     2017
                                                                                                                                 $’000                    $’000
                                                                                                                                 $’000                    $’000
                              Non-current
                              Non-current
                              Lease liability                                                                                      463                       -
                              Lease liability                                                                                      463                       -
                              Hire purchase liability                                                                                -                      33
                              Hire purchase liability                                                                                -                      33
                              Secured debt (US$ denominated bond bond) (refer Note 5.2.2)                                      130,502                 124,331
                              Secured debt (US$ denominated bond bond) (refer Note 5.2.2)                                      130,502                 124,331
                              Total borrowings – non-current                                                                   130,965                 124,364
                              Total borrowings – non-current                                                                   130,965                 124,364




                                                                                                                                                        Page 53 of 67
                                                                                                                                                        Page 53 of 67


                                                                                                                                                                                      79
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        5.2.1 Terms and repayment schedule
                              The terms and conditions of outstanding loans are as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   2018                      2017
                                                                                  Nominal
                                                                                              Year of      Face       Carrying       Face       Carrying
                                                                    Currency      interest
                                                                                              maturity     value      amount         value      amount
                                                                                    rate
                                                                                                           $’000        $’000        $’000        $’000
                                  Hire purchase                        A$           6.5%        2019               -           -         97            97
                                  Hire purchase                        A$           9.2%        2021          640           640           -            -
                                  US$100 million secured bond          US$         12.0%        2022      135,300       130,502     132,310      124,331
                                  Total interest-bearing liabilities                                      135,940      131,142      132,407     124,428

                        5.2.2 US$ Secured Bond
                              In the prior year, the Group completed settlement of a US$100 million senior secured bond facility as
                              part of the funding package for the development of the Pilgangoora Project. The bonds were issued by
                              the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, Pilgangoora Operations Pty Limited and are administered by
                              the bond trustee, Nordic Trustee ASA. The coupon rate is 12% per annum with interest payable quarterly
                              in arrears. Pursuant to the bond terms, the proceeds are to be applied towards capital and development
                              costs associated with the Pilgangoora Project following the satisfaction of cost to complete tests. The
                              bond facility is secured against the assets of the Pilgangoora Project.
                              The carrying amount of the US$ secured bond is made up as follows:
                                                                                                                           2018                    2017
                                                                                                                           $’000                   $’000

                              Bond proceeds at inception                                                                 132,310                132,310
                              Unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain)1                                                     2,990                 (2,305)
                              Bond proceeds at 30 June                                                                   135,300                130,005
                              Directly attributable transaction costs                                                     (6,038)                (5,705)
                              Amortisation of transaction costs                                                            1,240                     31
                              Carrying amount at 30 June                                                                 130,502                124,331
                              1
                                  The value of the US$ secured bond is required to be re-stated at the end of each financial period utilising the closing
                                  foreign exchange rate.

                        5.2.3 Compliance with loan covenants
                              Pilbara Minerals has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the year, see
                              note 5.3.1 for details.

                        5.3 Capital Management
                              Capital consists of ordinary share capital, retained earnings, reserves and net debt. The Group’s
                              objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
                              so as to maintain a strong capital base sufficient to maintain future exploration, development and
                              operating activities.
                              There were no changes to the Group’s approach to capital management during the year.




                                                                                                                                              Page 54 of 67


      80                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                    …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        5.3.1 Loan covenants
                              Under the terms of the major borrowing facilities, the Group is required to comply with the following




For personal use only
                              financial covenants:
                                   •   book to equity ratio must not be less than 50%;
                                   •   liquidity ratio of at least A$15 million; and
                                   •   current ratio of a minimum of 1:1.


                        NOTE 6 – OTHER DISCLOSURES

                        6.1 Financial Risk Management
                               ACCOUNTING POLICY
                               The Group classifies non-derivative financial assets into the following categories:
                               •   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss;
                               •   Held-to-maturity financial assets;
                               •   Loans and receivables; and
                               •   Available-for-sale financial assets.
                               The Group classifies non-derivative financial liabilities into the following categories:
                               • Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss; and
                               • Other financial liabilities.
                               Non-derivative financial assets and financial liabilities – Recognition and de-recognition
                               The Group initially recognises loans and receivables and debt securities issued on the date when they are
                               originated. All other financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognised on the trade date when the
                               entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
                               The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it
                               transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and
                               rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred, or it neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the
                               risks and rewards of ownership and does not retain control over the transferred asset. Any interest in such
                               derecognised financial assets that is created or retained by the Group is recognised as a separate asset or liability.
                               The Group derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled or expire.
                               Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount presented in the statement of financial
                               position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the amounts and
                               intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
                               Non-derivative financial assets – Measurement
                               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                               A financial asset is classified as at fair value through profit or loss if it is classified as held for-trading or is
                               designated as such on initial recognition. Directly attributable transaction costs are recognised in profit or loss
                               as incurred. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value and changes therein,
                               including any interest or dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.
                               Held-to-maturity financial assets
                               These assets are initially measured at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to
                               initial recognition, they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
                               Loans and receivables
                               These assets are initially measured at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to
                               initial recognition, they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.




                                                                                                                                              Page 55 of 67


                                                                                                                                                                            81
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                                ACCOUNTING POLICY
                                Available-for-sale financial assets
                                These assets are initially measured at fair value, plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to




For personal use only
                                initial recognition, they are measured at fair value and changes therein, other than impairment losses and foreign
                                currency differences on debt instruments, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
                                the fair value reserve. When these assets are derecognised, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is reclassified
                                to profit or loss.

                                Non-derivative financial liabilities – Measurement
                                A financial liability is classified as at fair value through profit or loss if it is classified as held-for-trading or is
                                designated as such on initial recognition. Directly attributable transaction costs are recognised in profit or loss
                                as incurred. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value and changes therein,
                                including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. Other non-derivative financial liabilities are initially
                                measured at fair value less any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, these
                                liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.



                               Set out below are details of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                                        2018                  2017
                                                                                                                        $’000                 $’000

                               Financial assets
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                             119,978                87,248
                               Restricted cash                                                                        12,308               134,322
                               Trade and other receivables                                                            12,806                 4,155
                               Other financial assets                                                                      -                     6
                               Total financial assets                                                                145,092               225,731

                               Financial liabilities
                               Trade and other payables                                                               49,733                11,428
                               Borrowings                                                                            131,142               124,428
                               Total financial liabilities                                                           180,875               135,856

                        6.1.1 Overview
                               The Group has exposure to the following risks from their use of financial instruments:
                           •     Credit risk
                           •     Liquidity risk
                           •     Market risk
                           •     Interest risk
                               The Company’s Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility for setting the Company’s risk appetite,
                               for overseeing the risk management framework designed and implemented by management and for
                               satisfying itself that the risk management framework is sound. The Board is also responsible for
                               monitoring and reviewing the Company’s risk profile. The Board has established a separate Audit and
                               Risk Committee whose role is set out in the Company’s Audit and Risk Committee Charter. The Audit
                               and Risk Committee is responsible for governance of risk management across the Company, leading the
                               strategic direction regarding the management of material business risks and reviewing the effectiveness
                               of the risk management framework.
                               The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the
                               Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk




                                                                                                                                             Page 56 of 67


       82               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                         …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                              management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and
                              the Group’s activities.




For personal use only
                              The Group’s management of financial risk is aimed at ensuring net cash flows are sufficient to meet all
                              of its financial commitments and maintain the capacity to fund the exploration, evaluation, development
                              and operation of the Pilgangoora Project and ancillary exploration activities.
                              The principal financial instruments as at the reporting date include cash, receivables, payables and loan
                              and finance agreements.
                              Set out below is information about exposures to the above risks, the objectives, policies and processes
                              for measuring and managing risk, and the management of capital.

                        6.1.2 Credit risk
                              Credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet
                              its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group’s cash at bank, term deposits as well as
                              credit exposure to trade customers, including outstanding receivables and committed transactions.
                              Credit risk represents the potential financial loss if companies fail to perform as contracted.
                              The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
                              The Group limits its exposure to credit risk by only transacting with high credit quality financial
                              institutions. During the year the Group maintained all cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances
                              with banks and financial institutions holding a AA- rating based on S&P Global ratings.
                              The trade and other receivables balance consist of 49% of trade receivables and 22% of receivables from
                              the Australian Tax Office for goods and services tax refund.
                              All revenue from operations and
                                                          are related trade receivables balances are due from Atlas Iron Limited
                              pursuant to a minegate sale agreement for direct shipping ore sales. The receivables balances are
                              monitored on an ongoing basis.

                        6.1.3 Liquidity Risk
                              Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated
                              with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group’s
                              approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet
                              its liabilities when they are due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring
                              unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation. The Group also manages liquidity risk
                              by producing cash flow forecasts to ensure that there is a clear and up-to-date view of the short to
                              medium term funding requirements and the possible sources of those funds. The Group aims to maintain
                              the level of its cash and cash equivalents and other highly marketable debt investments at an amount in
                              excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities.




                                                                                                                                   Page 57 of 67


                                                                                                                                                                 83
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                              The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The
                              amounts are gross and undiscounted, and include contractual interest payments and exclude the impact
                              of netting agreements:




For personal use only
                                                                                             Contractual cashflows
                                                        Carrying
                                                                                  Six months       Six to 12     One to two   Two to five
                                                        amount         Total
                                                                                     or less       months          years        years
                                                         $’000         $’000
                                                                                     $’000           $’000         $’000        $’000

                               30 June 2018
                               Non-derivative
                               financial liabilities
                               Lease liability              640          640            89             89            177           285
                               Secured debt             130,502      191,111         8,118          8,118         24,692       150,183
                               Trade and other           49,733       49,733        49,733              -              -             -
                               payables
                                                        180,875      241,484        57,940          8,207         24,869       150,468

                               30 June 2017
                               Non-derivative
                               financial liabilities
                               Hire purchase                97           102            34            34             34             -
                               Secured debt            124,331       199,233         7,800         7,800         15,601       168,032
                               Trade and other          11,428        11,428        11,428             -              -             -
                               payables
                                                       135,856       210,763        19,262         7,834         15,635       168,032

                              The secured debt has certain financial covenants that if breached could cause early repayment. The
                              Group is not anticipating any breach of covenants.

                        6.1.4 Market risk
                              Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices – such as commodity price, foreign exchange rates
                              and interest rates – will affect the Group’s income or the value of its holdings in financial instruments.
                              The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within
                              acceptable parameters.
                              The Group’s exposure to market risk has changed during the period ending 30 June 2018 due to
                              conversion of proceeds from the senior secured bond facility (US$100 million) into Australian dollars
                              resulting in exposure to foreign exchange risk. The Group has increased foreign exchange exposure
                              following commencement of direct shipping ore operations during the year, with the receipt of sale
                              proceeds in US dollars.

                              a)   Foreign Exchange Risk
                                   Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised financial assets
                                   and financial liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the Group’s functional currency.
                                   The Group manages its foreign exchange risk exposure arising from future commercial transactions
                                   through sensitivity analysis, cash flow management and forecasting.
                                   The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk principally through holding US$ denominated
                                   restricted cash, borrowings and trade receivables.




                                                                                                                              Page 58 of 67


      84                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                      …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                                   The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at balance date was as follows:
                                                                                                         2018                2017




For personal use only
                                                                                                     USD $’000           USD $’000
                                   Restricted cash                                                        8,124              103,321
                                   Borrowings                                                           100,000              100,000
                                   Trade receivables                                                      4,363                    -

                                   The year-end exchange rate used to recalculate the US$ dominated balances on 30 June 2018 was
                                   0.7391 (2017 exchange rate of 0.7692).

                                   Group sensitivity
                                   Based on financial instruments held at 30 June 2018, had the Australian dollar strengthened/
                                   weakened by 10% against the US dollar, with all other variables held constant, the Group’s loss for
                                   the year would have been $13.156 million higher/$10.764 million lower (2017: $392,000
                                   higher/$480,000 lower), as a result of foreign exchange gains/ losses on translation of US dollar
                                   denominated restricted cash and borrowings.

                              b)   Interest Rate Risk
                                   Interest rate risk arises from the Group’s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash earning interest
                                   at variable rates. The significance and management of the risks to the Group are dependent on
                                   several factors including:
                                   •   Interest rates;
                                   •   Level of cash, liquid investments and borrowings and their term; and
                                   •   Maturing dates of investments.
                                   On 21 June 2017, the Group completed settlement of a US$100 million senior secured bond facility.
                                   The bond has a fixed coupon rate of 12% per annum resulting in a nil sensitivity.
                                   At the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk and effective weighted
                                   average interest rate for classes of financial assets and financial liabilities are set out below:
                                                                                      2018            2018             2017                  2017
                                                                                   Weighted          Balance        Weighted                Balance
                                                                                    average           $’000          average                 $’000
                                                                                  interest rate                    interest rate
                                   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash        2.09%          132,286           1.08%                 221,570

                                   The risk is managed by the Group by maintaining an appropriate mix between short-term and
                                   floating rate cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash.

                                   Group sensitivity
                                   Based on the financial instruments at 30 June 2018, if interest rates had changed by +/-50 basis
                                   points from the year-end rates, with all other variables held constant, loss and equity for the year
                                   would have been $661,000 lower/$661,000 higher.

                        6.1.5 Interest risk
                              The Company and the Group are exposed to interest rate risk as entities in the Group borrow funds at
                              fixed interest rates.
                              The Group’s exposure to interest rate on financial assets and financial liabilities are detailed in the
                              liquidity risk management section of this note.



                                                                                                                                Page 59 of 67


                                                                                                                                                              85
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        6.1.6 Fair values
                              The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, other receivables, trade creditors, other




For personal use only
                              creditors and accruals are considered to be a reasonable approximation of fair value.
                              The fair value of the future contractual principal and interest cashflows associated with the bond is
                              $151.54 million. Fair value was determined with reference to price quotations in an active market at 30
                              June 2018.

                        6.2 Related Parties
                        6.2.1 Key management personnel
                              The following people were considered as key management personnel during the financial year:
                                                          Position                  Appointed                  Resigned
                               Ken Brinsden               Managing Director         18 January 2016
                               Anthony Kiernan            Non-executive Chairman    1 July 2016
                               Steve Scudamore            Non-executive Director    18 July 2016
                               Nicholas Cernotta          Non-executive Director    6 February 2017
                               Sally-Anne Layman          Non-executive Director    20 April 2018
                               Alex Eastwood              Company Secretary and     1 September 2016
                                                          General Counsel
                               Brian Lynn                 Chief Financial Officer   22 June 2016
                               Dale Henderson             Project Director          4 September 2017
                                                          Chief Operating Officer   5 March 2018
                               Neil Biddle                Non-executive Director    20 August 2016             26 July 2017
                                                          Executive Director        4 September 2015           31 July 2017
                               John Young
                                                          Non-Executive Director    1 August 2017              20 April 2018




                              Key management personnel compensation comprised the following:
                                                                                                           2018                2017
                                                                                                              $                   $
                              Short term employee benefits                                             2,538,322          1,406,570
                              Post-employment benefits                                                   111,041             93,944
                              Other long term employee benefits                                          160,504                  -
                              Share-based payments (non-cash)                                          3,481,325          7,381,211
                                                                                                       6,291,192          8,881,725

                              Compensation of the Group’s key management personnel includes salaries, and contributions to a post-
                              employment defined contribution plan. Information regarding individual directors and executive’s
                              compensation and some equity instruments are required to be disclosed by s300A of the Corporations
                              Act and Corporations Regulations 2M.3.03 and are provided in the Remuneration Report section of the
                              Directors’ Report.




                                                                                                                               Page 60 of 67


      86                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                    …Powering a sustainable energy future


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        6.3 Group Entities
                        6.3.1 Parent Entity




For personal use only
                              Pilbara Minerals Limited
                              The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Pilbara Minerals Limited and
                              the subsidiaries listed in the following table.

                        6.3.2 Significant Subsidiaries

                                                                           Country of incorporation                 2018                     2017
                               Tabba Tabba Tantalum Pty Ltd                Australia                               100%                      100%
                               Sturt Resources Ltd*                        Australia                                0%                       100%
                               Pilbara Lithium Pty Ltd                     Australia                               100%                      100%
                               Pilgangoora Holdings Pty Ltd                Australia                               100%                      100%
                               Pilgangoora Operations Pty Ltd              Australia                               100%                      100%
                              * On 28 January 2018, the Group disposed of its 100% equity in its subsidiary, Sturt Resources Ltd.


                        6.4 Parent Entity Disclosures
                              As at, and throughout the financial year ending 30 June 2018, the parent company of the Group was
                              Pilbara Minerals Limited. The financial information for the parent entity has been prepared on the same
                              basis as the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                                     2018                     2017
                                                                                                                     $’000                    $’000
                              Results of the parent entity
                              Loss for the period                                                                   (12,150)               (27,539)
                              Total comprehensive loss for the period                                               (12,150)               (27,539)

                              Financial position of the parent entity at year end
                              Current assets                                                                        43,416                  93,999
                              Total assets                                                                         406,723                 204,333
                              Current liabilities                                                                   50,414                  11,308
                              Total liabilities                                                                     57,875                   5,841
                              Total equity of the parent comprising of:
                              Share capital                                                                       419,610                 261,756
                              Share-based payment reserve                                                           18,923                  32,501
                              Accumulated losses                                                                   (89,685)                (95,765)
                              Total equity                                                                        348,848                 198,492


                        6.5 Subsequent Events
                              There has not been any matter or circumstance that has arisen after balance date that has significantly
                              affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the
                              state of affairs of the Group in future financial periods.




                                                                                                                                              Page 61 of 67



                                                                                                                                                                            87
            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            For the year ended 30 June 2018

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                        6.6 Significant Changes in the Current Reporting Period
                              Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for




For personal use only
                              30 June 2018 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group. The Group’s assessment
                              of the impact of those standards and interpretations is set out below:
                              AASB 9 Financial Instruments
                              AASB 9 (2014), published in December 2014, replaces the existing guidance in AASB 139 Financial
                              Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or
                              after 1 January 2018, with early adoption permitted.

                              The Group is assessing the potential impact on its consolidated financial statements resulting from the
                              application of AASB 9.
                              The revisions to the classification and measurement requirements and hedging changes are not currently
                              expected to have a significant impact to the Group. Changes in relation to the expected credit loss model
                              for calculating impairment on financial assets are not expected to have a material impact based on the
                              short-term nature of the Group’s assets.
                              The Group will continue to assess the impact of this standard as contracts are entered into for the
                              Pilgangoora Project.

                              The changes in the Group’s accounting policies from the adoption of AASB 9 will be applied
                              retrospectively from 1 July 2018 onwards, with the practical expedients permitted under the standard
                              and the comparative period numbers will not be restated.

                              AASB 16 Leases
                              AASB 16 replaces the AASB 117 Leases, Interpretation 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains
                              a Lease., Interpretation 115 Operating Leases-Incentives and Interpretation 127 Evaluating the Substance
                              of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease. AASB 16 removes the classification of leases as either
                              operating leases or finance leases for the lessee. Lease liabilities will be capitalised on the balance sheet
                              by recognising a lease liability for the present value obligation of a ‘right-of-use’ asset. The right of use
                              asset is calculated based on the lease liability plus initial direct costs, prepaid lease payments and
                              estimated restoration costs less lease incentives received. Upon adoption, this will result in an increase
                              in the recognised assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position as well as a change in
                              expense recognition, with interest and depreciation replacing operating lease expense. There are
                              exemptions for short-term leases and leases of low-value items.

                              As at 30 June 2018, the Group has $29,586,000 of non-cancellable operating lease commitments,
                              predominantly relating to Build Own Operate contracts relating to the Pilgangoora project. The Group
                              is considering the available transition options under AASB 16, including a change in reported earnings
                              before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) and the expected increase in lease assets
                              and liabilities recognised. The lease standard is also expected to have an impact on deferred tax balances,
                              depending on the lease arrangements in place at the time the new standard is effective.

                              The Group has commenced the process of evaluating the impact of the new lease standard and expects
                              that certain service agreements are likely to include leases under AASB 16. The Group has certain
                              contracts including mining contractor, haulage and power supply agreements that contain both a fixed
                              monthly charge and a variable monthly expense based on production and/or throughput requirements.
                              The fixed monthly charge is considered to represent the present value of the total obligation and is
                              expected to be accounted for as a lease liability and a ‘right of use’ asset. The variable expense is
                              recorded as an expense in profit or loss as incurred.



                                                                                                                               Page 62 of 67


      88                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                     …Powering a sustainable energy future



                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
                        For the year ended 30 June 2018


                              Based on its best estimate, if the Company was to early adopt the standard as at 30 June 2018, the
                              impact would have been to recognise a right of use asset and lease liability of approximately $33 million,




For personal use only
                              under the modified retrospective approach. The Company will continue to assess the impact of the
                              standard on current contracts and contracts being entered into ahead of adopting AASB 16.

                              AASB 16 is effective from annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 July 2019. A lessee can choose
                              to apply the standard using a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach.

                        6.7 Auditor’s Remuneration
                              During the year, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the
                              parent entity, its related practices and non-related audit firms:
                                                                                                            2018                 2017
                                                                                                               $                    $

                              Audit services – KPMG                                                      113,865               83,000
                              Advisory service – KPMG                                                     35,000                 7,455

                              Total auditor’s remuneration – KPMG                                        148,865               90,455




                                                                                                                               Page 63 of 67


                                                                                                                                                             89
            DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
                        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION

                        1.   In the opinion of the Directors of Pilbara Minerals Limited (“the Company”):

                             (a)   the consolidated financial statements and notes set out on pages 54
                                                                                                    28 to
                                                                                                       to 89
                                                                                                          63 and the Remuneration




For personal use only
                                   Report contained within the Directors’ Report are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                                   including:

                                   (i)    complying with Australian Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other
                                          mandatory professional reporting requirements; and

                                   (ii)   giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2018 and
                                          of its performance for the financial year ended on that date; and

                             (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when
                                 they become due and payable.

                             (c)   the financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with International Financial Reporting
                                   Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                        2.   The Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
                             required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 for the financial year ending 30 June 2018.



                        This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                        _______________________________
                        Anthony Kiernan
                        Director

                        21st August 2018




                                                                                                                                Page 64 of 67




      90                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                        …Powering a sustainable energy future




For personal use only
                        Independent Auditor’s Report
                        To the shareholders of Pilbara Minerals Limited

                        Report on the audit of the Financial Report



                        Opinion

                        We have audited the Financial Report of Pilbara      The Financial Report comprises:
                        Minerals Limited (the Company).
                                                                             •   Consolidated statement of financial position as at
                        In our opinion, the accompanying Financial               30 June 2018
                        Report of the Company is in accordance with the
                        Corporations Act 2001, including:                    •   Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                                                                                 comprehensive income, Consolidated statement
                        •   giving a true and fair view of the Group's           of changes in equity, and Consolidated statement
                            financial position as at 30 June 2018 and of         of cash flows for the year then ended
                            its financial performance for the year ended
                            on that date; and                                •   Notes including a summary of significant
                                                                                 accounting policies
                        •   complying with Australian Accounting
                            Standards and the Corporations Regulations       •   Directors' Declaration.
                            2001.                                            The Group consists of the Pilbara Minerals Limited
                                                                             (the Company) and the entities it controlled at the
                                                                             year-end or from time to time during the financial
                                                                             year.

                        Basis for opinion

                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit
                        evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                        Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit
                        of the Financial Report section of our report.
                        We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical
                        requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for
                        Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the Financial Report in Australia. We
                        have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                        Key Audit Matters

                        Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
                        audit of the Financial Report of the current period.
                        This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our
                        opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                                                                                                       65
                                                                                                                                                                91
For personal use only
                          Mine Properties in development ($252.7 million)

                          Refer to Note 3.2.1 to the Financial Report

                          The key audit matter                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit

                          Existence, accuracy and completeness of               Our procedures included:
                          capitalised expenditure incurred as part of the
                          development of the Pilgangoora Project was            •   Test of controls relating to the authorisation and
                                                                                    accuracy of the recording and classification of
                          considered to be a key audit matter due to the size
                                                                                    capital expenditure;
                          of the capitalised expenditure ($252.7 million)
                          representing 48% of total assets.                     •   Assessment of the allocation of costs between
                                                                                    operating expenditure, ore stockpiles and capital
                          The Group used judgement in the identification
                                                                                    expenditure by inspecting underlying
                          and allocation of cost between operating
                                                                                    documentation on a sample basis and assessing
                          expenditure and capital expenditure. The risks we
                                                                                    the nature of the underlying activity;
                          focused on included:

                          •   the existence of capital expenditure;             •   Selecting a sample of supplier and contractor
                                                                                    invoices raised prior to year end and post year
                          •   the appropriateness for capitalisation of the         end. We checked the timing of recorded
                              expenditure; and                                      expenditure against the details of the service
                                                                                    description on the invoice; and
                          •   the determination of the extent to which
                              borrowing costs relate to the qualifying asset    •   A recalculation of borrowing costs incurred in
                              being Pilgangoora Project.                            respect of the bond borrowings of US$100 million
                                                                                    and assessed that the borrowing costs capitalised
                                                                                    related to the Pilgangoora Project being the
                                                                                    qualifying asset.

                          Other Information

                          Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Pilbara Minerals Limited’s annual reporting
                          which is provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors are responsible
                          for the Other Information.
                          The Other Information we obtained prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report was the Director’s Report. The
                          Chairman’s Report, Managing Director’s Report, ASX additional information and other operational update
                          reports are expected to be made available to us after the date of the Auditor's Report, but prior to the
                          issuance of Pilbara Minerals Limited’s Annual Report.
                          Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not and
                          will not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the
                          Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
                          In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information. In
                          doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Report or
                          our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                          We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, and
                          based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained prior to the date of this
                          Auditor’s Report we have nothing to report.

                          Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                          The Directors are responsible for:

                          •   preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting
                              Standards and the Corporations Act 2001

       92               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                                         66
                                                                                                                          …Powering a sustainable energy future




For personal use only
                        •   implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report that gives a true
                            and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error

                        •   assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and whether the use of the going concern
                            basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
                            concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group
                            or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objective is:

                        •   to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from material
                            misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

                        •   to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                        they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
                        Financial Report.
                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the Auditing and
                        Assurance Standards Board website at: http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This
                        description forms part of our Auditor’s Report.

                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion                                               Directors’ responsibilities
                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of            The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
                        Pilbara Minerals Limited for the year ended 30        preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
                        June 2018, complies with Section 300A of the          Report in accordance with Section 300A of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.                                Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                              Our responsibilities
                                                                              We have audited the Remuneration Report included in
                                                                              the Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2018.
                                                                              Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                                                                              Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                                                                              accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                        KPMG                                                  R Gambitta
                                                                              Partner
                                                                              Perth
                                                                              21 August 2018




                                                                                                                                                                  93
                                                                                                                                            67
            ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
            As at 17 September 2018




            In accordance with Listing Rule 4.10 the following information           A total of 55,083,334 options are on issue. The 55,083,334
            is provided.                                                             options, if exercised, will convert into 55,083,334 ordinary shares.




For personal use only
            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT                                           The options have the following exercise prices and expiry dates:

            The Company’s Corporate Governance Statement is available
            on the Company’s website at:                                               No. of           No. of        Exercise              Expiry
            http://www.pilbaraminerals.com.au                                         holders          options         price                 Date
                                                                                          8           27,000000        $0.40             16 May 2019
            SECURITY HOLDERS                                                              3           13,000,00       $0.626           8 September 2019
            SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS                                                      1            500,000        $0.547           7 November 2019

            The Company has the following substantial shareholders as at                  1            500,000        $0.547           17 November 2019
            17 September 2018:                                                            2           9,333,334       $0.626           12 December 2019
                                                                                          3           2,750,000        $0.45            31 August 2020
                    •      Mineral Resources Limited – 126,313,746 ordinary shares
                                                                                          1           2,000,000        $0.90           8 December 2020
            NUMBER OF HOLDERS IN EACH CLASS OF EQUITY SECURITIES
            AND THE VOTING RIGHTS ATTACHED (as at 17 September 2018)                 PERFORMANCE RIGHTS

                                                                                     There are 4 holders of unlisted performance rights. There are
            ORDINARY SHARES                                                          no voting rights attaching to the performance rights.

            There are 29,522 holders of ordinary shares as at 17 September
                                                                                     A total of 768,748 performance rights are on issue. The 768,748
            2018. Each shareholder is entitled to one vote per share.
                                                                                     performance rights, if vested, will automatically convert into
                                                                                     768,748 ordinary shares.
            In accordance with the Company’s Constitution, on a show of
            hands every member present in person or by proxy or attorney
                                                                                     The performance rights have the following expiry date and
            or duly authorised representative has one vote for every fully
                                                                                     exercise price:
            paid ordinary share held.

            OPTIONS                                                                    No. of           No. of             Exercise           Expiry
                                                                                      holders     performance rights        price              Date
            There are 18 holders of unlisted options. There are no voting
            rights attaching to the options.
                                                                                          4               768,748                Nil       30 June 2019

            DISTRIBUTION SCHEDULE OF THE NUMBER OF HOLDERS IN EACH CLASS OF EQUITY SECURITY AS AT 17
            SEPTEMBER 2018

            ORDINARY SHARES                                                          UNLISTED OPTIONS EXPIRY DATE 16/05/2019, EXERCISE PRICE $0.40

                    Spread of                                    Percentage of            Spread of                                        Percentage of
                                       Holders       Units                                                  Holders        Units
                    Holdings                                     issued capital           Holdings                                         issued capital
                        1 to 1,000      4541       3,243,130           0.19               1 to 1,000              -            -                 -
                 1,001 to 5,000        10,007      27,783,132          1.59             1,001 to 5,000            -            -                 -
                5,001 to 10,000         4,856     38,803,358          2.22             5,001 to 10,000            -            -                 -
              10,001 to 100,000         8,555     273,924,176         15.70           10,001 to 100,000           -            -                 -
               100,001 and over         1,563    1,400,759,609        80.30           100,001 and over            8     27,000,000            100.00
                          Total        29,522    1,744,513,405       100.00                   Total               8      27,000,00            100.00




      94                 PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                         …Powering a sustainable energy future




            UNLISTED OPTIONS EXPIRY DATE 08/09/2019, EXERCISE PRICE $0.626 UNLISTED OPTIONS EXPIRY DATE 07/11/2019, EXERCISE PRICE $0.547

                    Spread of                                   Percentage of            Spread of                                     Percentage of
                                     Holders      Units                                                   Holders      Units




For personal use only
                    Holdings                                    issued capital           Holdings                                      issued capital
                        1 to 1,000      -            -                 -                  1 to 1,000         -           -                      -
                  1,001 to 5,000        -            -                 -                1,001 to 5,000       -           -                      -
                 5,001 to 10,000        -            -                 -               5,001 to 10,000       -           -                      -
               10,001 to 100,000        -            -                 -              10,001 to 100,000      -           -                      -
               100,001 and over        3       13,000,000            100.0            100,001 and over       1       500,000                100.00
                          Total        3       13,000,000           100.00                  Total            1       500,000                100.00


            UNLISTED OPTIONS EXPIRY DATE 17/11/2019, EXERCISE PRICE $0.547           UNLISTED OPTIONS EXPIRY DATE 12/12/2019, EXERCISE PRICE $0.626

                    Spread of                                   Percentage of            Spread of                                     Percentage of
                                     Holders      Units                                                   Holders      Units
                    Holdings                                    issued capital           Holdings                                      issued capital
                        1 to 1,000      -            -                 -                  1 to 1,000         -           -                      -
                  1,001 to 5,000        -            -                 -                1,001 to 5,000       -           -                      -
                 5,001 to 10,000        -            -                 -               5,001 to 10,000       -           -                      -
               10,001 to 100,000        -            -                 -              10,001 to 100,000      -           -                      -
               100,001 and over         1        500,000             100.0            100,001 and over      2        9,333,334              100.00
                          Total         1       500,000             100.00                  Total           2        9,333,334              100.00


            UNLISTED OPTIONS EXPIRY DATE 31/08/2020, EXERCISE PRICE $0.45            UNLISTED OPTIONS EXPIRY DATE 08/12/2020, EXERCISE PRICE $0.90

                    Spread of                                   Percentage of            Spread of                                     Percentage of
                                     Holders      Units                                                   Holders      Units
                    Holdings                                    issued capital           Holdings                                      issued capital
                        1 to 1,000      -            -                 -                  1 to 1,000         -           -                      -
                  1,001 to 5,000        -            -                 -                1,001 to 5,000       -           -                      -
                 5,001 to 10,000        -            -                 -               5,001 to 10,000       -           -                      -
               10,001 to 100,000        -            -                 -              10,001 to 100,000      -           -                      -
               100,001 and over        3        2,750,000           100.00            100,001 and over      3        2,000,000              100.00
                          Total        3        2,750,000           100.00                  Total           3       2,000,000               100.00


            UNLISTED PERFORMANCE RIGHTS EXPIRY DATE 30/06/2018, NIL EXERCISE PRICE

                    Spread of                                   Percentage of
                                     Holders      Units
                    Holdings                                    issued capital
                        1 to 1,000      -            -                 -
                  1,001 to 5,000        -            -                 -
                 5,001 to 10,000        -            -                 -
               10,001 to 100,000        -            -                 -
               100,001 and over        4         768,748            100.00
                          Total        4         768,748            100.00




                                                                                                                                                                 95
            ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
            As at 17 September 2018




            MARKETABLE PARCEL
            There are 1,917 shareholders with less than a marketable parcel, based on the closing price of $0.79 on 17 September 2018.




For personal use only
            TWENTY LARGEST HOLDERS OF EACH CLASS OF QUOTED SECURITY
            The names of the 20 largest holders of each class of quoted security, the number of equity securities each holds and the
            percentage of issued capital each holds (as at 17 September 2018) are set out below:

                                                                                                                        Ordinary Shares
                                                           Name
                                                                                                                     Number       Percentage
              1    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                       152,642,888           8.75
              2     MINERAL RESOURCES LIMITED                                                                       126,313,746          7.24
              3     J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA LIMITED                                                           113,750,072          6.52
              4     POS-LT PTY LTD                                                                                 82,065,000             4.7
              5     GFL INTERNATIONAL CO LTD                                                                        74,941,452            4.3
              6     BILLION SUNNY DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                              56,000,000            3.21
              7     CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                   49,311,840           2.83
              8     BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                    28,241,919           1.62
              9     NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                       13,239,130           0.76
              10 XUE INVESTMENTS PTY LIMITED <XUE FAMILY A/C>                                                        11,143,461          0.64
              11   HEPHZIBAH PTY LTD <BUTT FAMILY SUPER A/C>                                                        9,980,912            0.57
              12    NOHUNI PTY LTD <SUPER FUND A/C>                                                                 8,942,857            0.51
              13    MR JOHN ALEXANDER YOUNG + MRS CHERYL KAYE YOUNG <FOREVER YOUNG FAMILY A/C>                      8,500,000            0.49
              14    MR JOHN ALEXANDER YOUNG + MRS CHERYL KAYE YOUNG <THE FOREVER YOUNG S/F A/C>                     8,500,000            0.49
              15    HEPHZIBAH PTY LTD <THE BUTT FAMILY A/C>                                                         8,436,973            0.48
              16    BIDDLE PARTNERS PTY LTD <BIDDLE FAMILY A/C>                                                     8,000,000            0.46
              17    WANSBONE NOMINEES PTY LTD <WANSBONE SUPER FUND A/C>                                             7,300,000            0.42
              18    MR PETER BARRETT CAPP <CAPP FAMILY A/C>                                                         7,100,000            0.41
              19    CHURCH STREET TRUSTEES LIMITED <MATLAS A/C>                                                      6,742,819           0.39
              20        MR KEVIN GRIFFITHS                                                                          6,572,000            0.38
                        TOP TWENTY SHAREHOLDERS                                                                    787,725,069           48.15
                        TOTAL REMAINING SHAREHOLDERS                                                               956,788,336         54.85
                        TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS                                                                        1,744,513,405        100.00


            HOLDERS OF 20% OR MORE OF UNQUOTED EQUITY SECURITIES
            The names of holders and number of unquoted equity securities held for each class of unquoted equity securities (but excluding
            securities held under an employee incentive scheme) where the holding was 20% or more of each class of security as at 17
            September 2018 are set out below:


                                                                                                  Option class
                                             Name                                                     Exercise     Expiration     % of class
                                                                                      Number
                                                                                                       price         date
              BRINSDEN HOLDINGS PTY LTD <BRINSDEN INVESTMENT A/C>                    14,000,000        $0.40       16/05/2018          51.9
              CENTRAL MANHATTAN PTY LTD <A W KIERNAN SUPER FUND A/C>                 8,000,000         $0.626      12/12/2019          85.7
              STEPHEN JOHN SCUDAMORE                                                  1,333,334        $0.626      12/12/2019          14.3
              MJBJ (WA) Pty Ltd                                                      2,000,000         $0.90      08/12/2020           100



       96               PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                                                                        …Powering a sustainable energy future




            COMPANY SECRETARY                                                    STOCK EXCHANGE ON WHICH THE COMPANY’S
            The name of the Company Secretary is Alex Eastwood.                  SECURITIES ARE QUOTED




For personal use only
                                                                                 The Company’s listed equity securities are quoted on the
            ADDRESS AND DETAILS OF THE GROUP’S REGISTERED                        Australian Securities Exchange – Code: PLS.
            OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
            Level 2, 88 Colin Street, West Perth, WA, 6005                       RESTRICTED SECURITIES
            Telephone: +61 8 6266 6266
                                                                                 There are no restricted ordinary shares on issue as at 17
            Fax: +61 8 6266 6288
                                                                                 September 2018.

            ADDRESS AND TELEPHONE DETAILS OF THE OFFICE AT                       ON-MARKET BUY-BACK
            WHICH A REGISTER OF SECURITIES IS KEPT
                                                                                 There is no current on-market buy-back of securities.
            Advanced Share Registry Services
            110 Stirling Highway, Nedlands WA 6009
            Telephone: +61 8 9389 8033
            Website: www.advancedshare.com.au


            SCHEDULE OF TENEMENTS (AS AT 17 SEPTEMBER 2018)
                           Project                               Location                       Tenement                   Beneficial interest
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  E45/4523                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/413                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/414                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/417                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/402                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/396                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  E45/2241                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  P45/2783                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  E45/4624                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  E45/4633                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  E45/4640                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/403                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  E45/4689                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   M45/333                             100%
                        Mt Francisco                         Western Australia                  E45/4270                              51%
                            Pinga                            Western Australia                  E45/4648                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   M45/511                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  E45/3648                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/426                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/430                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   M45/78                              100%
                          Pinnacle                           Western Australia                  E45/3560                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/411                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                   L45/425                             100%
                         Pilgangoora                         Western Australia                  M45/1256                             100%




                                                                                                                                                                97
            CORPORATE DIRECTORY


            DIRECTORS                                             ASX CODE
            Anthony Kiernan             Executive Chairman        PLS		




For personal use only
            Ken Brinsden		              Managing Director &
            			                         Chief Executive Officer
                                                                  SHARE REGISTER
            Steve Scudamore             Non-Executive Director
                                                                  Advanced Share Registry Service
            Nick Cernotta               Non-Executive Director
                                                                  110 Stirling Highway
            Sally-Anne Layman           Non-Executive Director
                                                                  Nedlands WA 6009
                                                                  Tel: +61 8 9389 8033


            COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                                  BANKERS
            Alex Eastwood
                                                                  Commonwealth Bank of Australia
                                                                  Level 14A, 300 Murray Street
            REGISTERED OFFICE IN AUSTRALIA                        Perth WA 6000
            Level 2, 88 Colin Street
            West Perth WA 6005
            Tel: +61 8 6266 6266
                                                                  AUDITORS
            Fax: +61 8 6266 6288
                                                                  KPMG
            Website: www.pilbaraminerals.com.au
                                                                  235 St Georges Terrace
                                                                  Perth WA 6000, Australia
            ACN AND ABN
            ACN:		                      112 425 788
            ABN: 		                     95 112 425 788




      98                PILBARA MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
For personal use only



                        www.pilbaraminerals.com.au
