Annual
Report
2025
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Our purpose               Our vision
                          To drive significant impact every day in
Advance
                          the lives of our people and those we
opportunities             serve. We’re leading with a commitment
to enrich                 to excellence and delivering superior
lives.                    performance in new and existing markets.

2
Contents
Business Highlights                                                       4
Summary of Results                                                        6
Our Businesses                                                            8
Chair Report                                                             10
CEO Perspectives                                                         14
Healthcare Highlights                                                    16
Animal Care Highlights                                                   23
Environmental, Social and Governance Program                             24
Our Board                                                                32
Financial Summary                                                       34
Financial Report                                                        36
Auditor’s Report                                                        38
Financial Statements                                                    42
Additional Stock Exchange Information                                   94
Corporate Governance                                                    98
Remuneration Overview                                                  102
Directors’ Interests and Disclosures                                    118
Directory                                                               124




                        Acknowledgement of Country and Traditional Owners

              EBOS acknowledges First Nations people’s connections to land,
    water and community across New Zealand, Australia and Southeast Asia.
            We pay our respects to ancestors, and to Elders past and present.


                                                                                3
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Business Highlights
Our achievements this financial year reflect the
commitment of our 5,700+ employees to changing
lives in New Zealand, Australia and Southeast Asia.
Their dedication underpins another strong
performance across our Healthcare and Animal
Care segments, reinforcing EBOS Group’s
reputation as an essential partner in the delivery
of critical services and products.


Our locations



                                                Healthcare
                                   Hong Kong    Animal Care




                Thailand                       Philippines

                                                                           Australia
                             Vietnam




                     Malaysia


                     Singapore
                                                              133
                                                              locations in Australia, New
                           Indonesia                          Zealand and Southeast Asia

    Southeast Asia                                                                 New Zealand




4
                                                                            Business Overview




Our people highlights




                                                                     5,770
                                                                         employees




   62% Australia                          55% female
   21% New Zealand                        45% male
   17% Southeast Asia                     <0.1% non-binary




FY25 highlights




   11,694
   shareholders
                                                      $12,267m
                                                      revenue




                        $258m
                        underlying NPAT
                                                                 NZ 118.5c
                                                                 total dividends per share



                        $215m
                        statutory NPAT




                                                                                             5
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Summary of Results


    $12,267m
    revenue
                                            $585m
                                            underlying EBITDA


                                            $556m
                                            statutory EBITDA




    $258m
    underlying NPAT
                          NZ 118.5c
                          total dividends
                          per share

    $215m
    statutory NPAT




6
                                                                                          Business Overview




Segment And Divisional Earnings Overview

Data based on gross operating revenue, which comprises revenue less cost of sales.


Gross Operating Revenue



                                                           Division distribution
                                                           Pharmacy 36%
                                                           Institutional Healthcare 42%
                                                           Animal Care 13%
                                                           Contract Logistics 9%




Gross Operating Revenue



                                                           Segment distribution

                                                           Healthcare 87%
                                                           Animal Care 13%




Revenue                                    Underlying EBITDA




77% Australia                              77% Australia
23% New Zealand and Southeast Asia         23% New Zealand and Southeast Asia

                                                                                                        7
EBOS Annual Report 2024
                   2025




Our Businesses
EBOS’ success is built on a diverse range of industry-leading businesses and brands spanning community
pharmacy, institutional healthcare, contract logistics, and animal care.




    Healthcare
    Community Pharmacy




    Healthcare
    Institutional Healthcare




    Healthcare
    Contract Logistics




    Animal Care




8
                                                                                                                  Business Overview




                                                                                          EBOS’ Executive Leadership
                                                                                          Safety Walks reflect our leaders’
                                                                                          commitment to a strong
                                                                                          workplace health and safety
                                                                                          culture, promoting engagement
                                                                                          and visibility across the Group.




From left: Alison Van Wyk, Executive General Manager of ProPharma, leads EBOS Group Directors Coline McConville
and Mark Bloom on an Executive Leadership Safety Walk at ProPharma’s new Auckland distribution centre.                          9
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Chair Report
I am pleased to report on the 2025 financial year which highlights EBOS’ continued track record of strong revenue
growth and operational excellence.


Our FY25 result demonstrates the value of EBOS’ portfolio, with       In March 2025, TWC’s Rewards Plus program was named Best
multiple growth levers and our ability to execute on near-term        Loyalty Program Marketing Campaign at the Asia Pacific Loyalty
growth objectives. Our balance sheet remains well positioned and      Awards, recognising the program’s success in helping pharmacies
cash flow strength supports our future growth.                        build stronger customer connection with its 2.5 million Rewards
                                                                      Plus members.
We again thank our more than 5,700 employees for their ongoing
commitment to the communities we serve across New Zealand,            During the year, the opening of new warehouse facilities, some
Australia and Southeast Asia.                                         with advanced automation technology, have further enhanced
                                                                      our capacity to meet the evolving and changing dynamics of the
Healthcare Highlights
                                                                      healthcare industry.
EBOS’ Healthcare segment performance was supported by
                                                                      In December 2024, EBOS Healthcare relocated to a new 10,000m2
existing customer growth and new customer wins across our
                                                                      site in South Dandenong, Victoria incorporating additional
pharmacy wholesale businesses, the continued expansion into
                                                                      capacity and enhanced capability for the business.
Southeast Asia, and community pharmacy store growth.
                                                                      In February 2025, ProPharma moved into a new 11,300m2 purpose-
As business volumes adjust, our wholesale businesses have
                                                                      built, temperature-controlled warehouse in Māngere, Auckland,
prioritised customer growth, strengthening supply chain support
                                                                      joining Healthcare Logistics and Onelink in a co-located precinct
to existing customers, and driving operational efficiency through
                                                                      of EBOS’ healthcare logistics businesses.
investment in innovation to support long-term revenue growth.
                                                                      Officially opened by New Zealand’s Minister of Health Hon.
In FY25, Symbion strengthened relationships with key independent
                                                                      Simeon Brown, these facilities reflect EBOS’ extensive presence
pharmacy networks across Australia, while in New Zealand
                                                                      and investment across the Australasian region and represent a
ProPharma expanded its reach by onboarding new community
                                                                      long-term commitment by EBOS to the health and wellbeing of
pharmacy customers. EBOS Healthcare secured new partnerships
                                                                      communities across New Zealand.
with leading healthcare providers, and Healthcare Logistics
broadened its portfolio by supporting the distribution of             As Chair of EBOS Group, I am enormously proud of what has
innovative diagnostics, specialty medicines, and consumer health      been achieved within this healthcare precinct which is a powerful
products across New Zealand and Australia.                            showcase of our strategy to invest in, and grow, our businesses.

In December 2024, the Australian Government and the National          EBOS’ Medical Technology business increased its footprint in
Pharmaceutical Services Association announced a new                   Southeast Asia through strategic acquisitions, broadening an
$4.2 billion five-year agreement supporting sustainable funding       already diverse portfolio of businesses with strong positions in
for the pharmaceutical wholesaling sector in Australia.               their respective markets.

EBOS acknowledges the Federal Minister for Health and Aged            Investment in new partnerships and technology further
Care, Hon. Mark Butler MP and his department for addressing the       contributed to the division’s overall growth and resilience and in
previous erosion in supply chain funding and acknowledging the        January 2025, EBOS completed the acquisition of the remaining
role EBOS plays as part of Australia’s healthcare system.             10% of Transmedic to increase our ownership to 100%. Transmedic
                                                                      is one of Southeast Asia’s largest surgical technology and medical
Our TerryWhite Chemmart (TWC) network delivered solid growth
                                                                      device distributors, with a presence in seven countries across the
and continued to expand its national footprint to 626 pharmacies,
                                                                      region.
reinforcing its position as one of Australia’s largest and most
trusted pharmacy networks.                                            These milestones reflect our strategic objective of increasing
                                                                      Transmedic’s footprint in Southeast Asia, strengthening the
TWC further demonstrated its leadership in health services, and
                                                                      offering and the capabilities of our Medical Technology (MedTech)
in FY25 launched a program to support pharmacists to become
                                                                      business.
qualified prescribers. The program allows pharmacists to safely
treat some health conditions and provide clinical services that       EBOS’ rich history is built on the events, people and achievements
have typically been managed by a general practitioner.                of our diverse businesses; and few companies have had such
                                                                      a profound and enduring impact on the Australian healthcare
These treatments, which include vaccinations, leave of absence
                                                                      landscape as Symbion. In May 2025, the business marked its 180 th
certificates and UTI treatments, have generated a year-on-
                                                                      anniversary of pharmacy excellence which began when Francis
year increase in patient demand and underline the value and
                                                                      Hardy Faulding opened a retail pharmacy in Adelaide in 1845.
convenience to customers of TWC’s CareClinics. The initiative
supports TWC’s long-term commitment to professional
development of its pharmacists and delivering expanded                As business volumes adjust, our wholesale
healthcare options for its communities. We are particularly proud     businesses have prioritised customer growth,
of our TWC network’s role in vaccinating over 1 million Australians
during the year.
                                                                      strengthening supply chain support to
                                                                      existing customers, and driving operational
TWC has also continued to be a leader in digital solutions for
customers by expanding its e-commerce offering and investing          efficiency through investment in innovation
in innovation and technology to improve accessibility to everyday     to support long-term revenue growth.
healthcare needs for its network’s customers.



10
                                                       Business Overview




EBOS Group Chair Elizabeth Coutts and CEO Adam Hall.                 11
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Chair Report continued
Today, Symbion has over 3,600 retail pharmacy customers,               Sustainability and Community
1000+ hospital customers and operates nine warehouses
                                                                       EBOS remains committed to sustainable development and
across Australia.
                                                                       community engagement across the regions it operates in.
Symbion’s longevity is a testament to its commitment to its
                                                                       During the year, the Group advanced the planning for a 5MW
pharmacy customers, including investing in new technologies and
                                                                       ground-mounted array at Parkes, New South Wales, which will
solutions to support their needs and those of their patients.
                                                                       complement an existing 500kW installation. EBOS expanded
Animal Care Highlights                                                 its longstanding partnership with not for profit organisation
                                                                       Greenfleet, increasing our donations by 10% and also acquiring
EBOS’ Animal Care segment experienced another solid year,
                                                                       land in South Gippsland, Victoria, for a reforestation initiative
reaffirming its commitment to delivering the very best care and
                                                                       scheduled to commence planting in early FY26. EBOS also remains
products to pets – at every stage of their life – through strategic
                                                                       on track to transition over 95% of its grocery brand packaging to
acquisitions and new partnerships in New Zealand and Australia.
                                                                       recyclable materials by early 2026.
The branded business delivered strong organic growth driven by
                                                                       The safety and welfare of our employees is critical to our
the leadership of Black Hawk and VitaPet products, including the
                                                                       continued success, and integral to this is the role performed by
development of new products, and supported by enhanced
                                                                       our leaders in shaping the safety culture of our organisation.
in-house manufacturing capabilities.
                                                                       Our group-wide Executive Leadership Safety Walks initiative
In March 2025, our Animal Care business acquired SVS Veterinary
                                                                       improves leadership visibility at our sites, enabling leaders to
Supplies Ltd (SVS), a full-service wholesaler of pet medicines and
                                                                       better understand how workplace risks are being managed,
related products to veterinary clinics and specialty retailers in
                                                                       facilitating regular positive interactions between senior managers
New Zealand.
                                                                       and their teams, and identifying opportunities for improvement.
The acquisition of SVS complements Lyppard, our leading
                                                                       A new ‘Life Savers’ initiative has also been introduced that
Australia-based veterinary wholesale business, creating
                                                                       reinforces minimum standards and appropriate controls for
significant opportunity to share relationships and best practice
                                                                       reducing risk of injury or harm to workers undertaking high-risk
across both businesses - enhancing service to our customers and
                                                                       activities. The Life Savers were developed through consultation
their pet patients.
                                                                       with key stakeholders and will enhance the culture of health and
Further investment in Animal Care, and the opportunity to expand       safety within our workplaces.
its product offering, led to the more recent acquisition of Kiwi
                                                                       EBOS also continued to support various initiatives and
Kitchens. Established in Christchurch, the brand is known for
                                                                       organisations aligned with our purpose of advancing
creating premium food for cats and dogs, all formulated with a
                                                                       opportunities to enrich lives, this included strategic partnerships
focus on New Zealand-sourced proteins.
                                                                       with organisations such as Ovarian Cancer Australia, BackTrack,
Kiwi Kitchens products are stocked in independent pet stores in        LandSAR, and FightMND,
the United States, Japan, Australia and New Zealand, providing a
                                                                       CEO Succession
platform for further expansion into these regions for the Animal
Care business and our growing portfolio of industry-leading            Adam Hall commenced as EBOS’ CEO on 1 July 2025, following the
products.                                                              retirement of John Cullity on 30 June 2025.

Marketing activity and strategic partnerships continued to build       Adam Hall is a highly accomplished global executive with a strong
the presence of our Animal Care brands in the marketplace.             track record in strategic growth, mergers and acquisitions and
A particular highlight was Black Hawk becoming the official pet        operational excellence. Most recently, as Orica Limited’s Group
food supplier to Guide Dogs Australia, supporting its invaluable       Executive and President – Asia, he successfully led significant
work helping thousands of Australians with low vision and              growth in earnings and scale, while driving innovation and
blindness lead a more accessible and fulfilled life. Since the start   efficiency.
of the partnership, Black Hawk has fed 900 dogs more than
                                                                       Board Renewal
120,000 kilograms of premium pet food.
                                                                       Consistent with EBOS’ Board renewal process, Matt Muscio and
As Guide Dogs Australia’s pet food partner, Black Hawk’s
                                                                       Coline McConville were appointed as non-executive directors
high-quality products, made in-house at our Pet Care Kitchen in
                                                                       with effect from 1 January 2025 and 1 February 2025 respectively.
New South Wales, will ensure all guide dogs receive the necessary
                                                                       The appointments are consistent with EBOS’ Board succession
nutrients to thrive and perform their life-changing work.
                                                                       planning. EBOS has appointed five new Directors with a diverse
                                                                       mix of skills, since July 2021. The Board now comprises seven
                                                                       directors, six of which are independent.




12
                                                                                                                  Business Overview




Final Dividend

The Directors declared a final dividend of NZ 61.5 cents per share,     EBOS thanks John Cullity
reflecting the Board’s confidence in the future growth of the
Group. This brings the full year dividend to NZ 118.5 cents per share
                                                                        EBOS Group recognises the significant contribution of
and implies a dividend payout ratio of 83.8% on an underlying
                                                                        outgoing Chief Executive Officer John Cullity who retired
basis.
                                                                        on the 30 June 2025.
The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will be operational for
                                                                        John joined Symbion as CFO in 2009 and was appointed
the final dividend. Shareholders can elect to take shares in lieu
                                                                        CEO of EBOS in 2018 helping to shape EBOS into the
of a cash dividend at a discount of 2.5% to the volume weighted
                                                                        company it is today – expanding our reach, strengthening
average share price (VWAP).
                                                                        our businesses across New Zealand, Australia, and
The record date for the dividend is 5 September 2025 and the            Southeast Asia, and positioning us as a leader in
dividend will be paid on 24 September 2025. The dividend will be        healthcare and animal care.
imputed to 25% for New Zealand tax resident shareholders and
                                                                        On behalf of the Board, I sincerely thank John for his
fully franked for Australian tax resident shareholders.
                                                                        outstanding contribution and wish him the very best in
Outlook                                                                 his well-earned retirement.

The outlook for both the Healthcare and Animal Care segments
is well positioned for long-term growth, with continued positive
healthcare and animal care industry trends supporting the
resilience of our businesses. Our portfolio is uniquely placed
through its leading brands and positions to capture the benefit
arising from these supportive trends.

Near-term macro pressures include a competitive wholesale
pharmacy environment, soft hospital capital spend and subdued
consumer sentiment impacting discretionary pet categories.

We will continue to deliver against our near-term strategic
priorities, providing profitable growth with a strong focus on
maintaining our EBITDA margins. In FY26, the Group is targeting
Underlying EBITDA of $615 – 635 million.

We again acknowledge the efforts and contribution of our over
5,700 employees across the regions where we operate and thank
our shareholders for their ongoing support.




Elizabeth Coutts
Chair




                                                                                                                                    13
EBOS Annual Report 2025




CEO Perspectives
Dear Shareholders,                                                    Following the completion of the significant distribution centre
                                                                      renewal program in FY26, the Company will have delivered
It’s an incredible honour and privilege to have been appointed
                                                                      8 new sites and system enhancements over a four-year period
Chief Executive Officer of EBOS.
                                                                      (FY23-FY26). At a total cost of approximately $360 million, the
I want to sincerely thank the Board of Directors for entrusting me    renewal program will have delivered an additional ~20% net
to lead such an outstanding organisation and I look forward to        increase in capacity, lowered its cost to serve, increased its
working closely with the Board as we shape the future of EBOS         refrigeration footprint to enable GLP-1 customer growth, and
together.                                                             streamlined customer integration processes. This upcoming
                                                                      financial year marks the conclusion of this renewal program.
I would also like to thank my predecessor, John Cullity, who
helped build EBOS into the leading company it is today. Under his     Our bolt-on acquisition program has continued into FY26, with
stewardship, EBOS entered new markets, expanded its portfolio of      the purchase of Next Generation Pet Food 1, which expands our
leading businesses, and delivered strong shareholder returns.         Animal Care branded business into high growth premium air-dried
                                                                      treats and enhances manufacturing capability. We will continue to
A culture that sets us apart                                          assess opportunities that align with our strategic objectives and
I have made it a priority in my first eight weeks at EBOS to visit    create value for shareholders.
many of our operations in Australia, New Zealand and Southeast        In Q4 FY26 we will be hosting an investor day which will
Asia and engage with team members through meetings, site tours        provide deeper insights into strategic priorities and long-term
and safety demonstrations.                                            growth drivers. The event will also outline the Group’s capital
As you can imagine, it’s been quite a whirlwind period however        management framework, and future capital deployment priorities.
throughout this short time with the Group one thing has stood out     EBOS is a business with a long and proven track record of
above all – the extraordinary calibre of our people.                  delivering sustainable growth and creating long-term value for
I have been impressed and inspired by their professionalism,          shareholders, and I’m excited by what we can achieve in the future.
passion, knowledge, camaraderie and dedication to provide the
very best outcomes for our customers and the communities we
serve. If the success of a company is measured by the impact of its
people – it is easy to understand why EBOS has been successful.

The commitment of our people to excellence, their willingness to
embrace change, and their collaborative approach have not only
driven strong results but also defined a culture that is resilient,
inclusive, and forward-thinking.

It is this culture – and the people who live and breathe it –
                                                                      Adam Hall
that gives me enormous confidence in EBOS’ future.
                                                                      Chief Executive Officer
In healthy shape

EBOS can look back on FY25, and forward to the next financial
year, with optimism.                                                  The commitment of our people to excellence,
Our portfolio is well positioned for long-term outperformance         their willingness to embrace change, and their
through our exposure to attractive and growing industries, scale      collaborative approach have not only driven
and leading positions, and strong financial track record and
position. We have a distinct advantage in navigating change and
                                                                      strong results but also defined a culture that
are well positioned to seize opportunities and execute on our         is resilient, inclusive, and forward-thinking.
growth ambitions.
                                                                      It is this culture – and the people who live
It is this that excites me about the future of EBOS.
                                                                      and breathe it – that gives me enormous
In FY26 we expect there to be continued positive healthcare and
animal care industry trends underpinning growth. However, there       confidence in EBOS’ future.
are several near-term macro pressures that the Group must
navigate through, including a competitive wholesale pharmacy
market, softer hospital environment and subdued consumer
sentiment in discretionary pet care.




14      1
            Next Generation Pet Foods was completed on 1 July 2025.
                                                                                                                      Business Overview




EBOS Group CEO Adam Hall tours Symbion Keysborough with Andrew Deeker (IT Support & Facility Manager VIC), Angie Tiopira (Warehouse
Supervisor/Assembly), Simon Boliancu (State Operations Manager VIC), and Brett Barons (CEO, Symbion & Healthcare Distribution).       15
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Healthcare
Highlights                                                                                   ProPharma, New Zealand




EBOS’ Healthcare segment broke new ground in FY25 through product and technological innovation, clinical
leadership, strategic acquisitions and new partnerships to further our impact across the communities we serve.
Our Medical Technology business entered new markets in Southeast Asia, we continued the expansion of the
TerryWhite Chemmart network, and we celebrated a milestone achievement for Symbion, an indispensable
partner of Australia’s healthcare infrastructure.



Highlights




     $500m                                                8
     underlying EBITDA                                    new distribution sites and
                                                          system upgrades delivered
                                                          from FY23 to FY26




      180
      years of Symbion
                                                            34
                                                            TerryWhite Chemmart
                                                            pharmacies added




16
                                                                                                                            Business Overview




From left: employees Terry Hayes, Carmine Piantadosi, Alison Becker, and customer
Geoff Rieschbieth with CEO Symbion & Healthcare Distribution Brett Barons




Symbion celebrates 180 years                                             These new partnerships reflect the reputation of our business
                                                                         and was supported by the continued growth of our TerryWhite
Few companies have had such a profound and enduring impact on
                                                                         Chemmart, Pharmacy Choice® and healthSAVE pharmacies.
the Australian healthcare landscape as Symbion.
                                                                         Optimisation of logistics and new warehouse facilities have
In May 2025, the business marked its 180th anniversary of pharmacy
                                                                         further cemented our capacity to meet the evolving and changing
excellence which began when Francis Hardy Faulding opened a
                                                                         dynamics of the healthcare industry.
retail pharmacy in Adelaide in 1845.
                                                                         First Pharmaceutical Wholesaler Agreement and renewed
Symbion’s longevity is a testament to its strong commitment to its
                                                                         Community Service Obligation Deed
pharmacy customers, including by investing in new technologies
and solutions to support their needs and those of their patients.        In December 2024, the Australian Government and the National
                                                                         Pharmaceutical Services Association announced a new five-year
Today, Symbion has over 3,600 retail pharmacy customers,
                                                                         agreement, worth $4.2 billion, supporting sustainable funding
1000+ hospital customers and operates 9 warehouses Australia-
                                                                         for the pharmaceutical wholesaling sector in Australia.
wide which coordinate deliveries of over 16,500 product lines.
                                                                         By addressing the previous erosion of supply chain funding,
We were joined by past and present employees and customers
                                                                         the agreement acknowledges the important role of companies such
to celebrate Symbion’s 180th anniversary at an event held at the
                                                                         as EBOS in Australia’s healthcare system.
National Wine Centre of Australia in Adelaide, a short distance
from the original Faulding pharmacy in Rundle Street. The evening        On 30 June 2025 Symbion signed an agreement to continue providing
featured a special performance by renowned Australian operatic           services under the Community Service Obligation (CSO) in Australia.
soprano Greta Bradman. Ms Bradman’s grandfather and Australia’s
                                                                         This ongoing commitment ensures that all Australians can continue
greatest ever cricketer, Sir Donald Bradman, was a director of
                                                                         to access their PBS medicines quickly and reliably through
Faulding and Co from 1959 to 1966.
                                                                         community pharmacies nationwide.
Customer wins
                                                                         Stronger supply chain
Our strategy to diversify revenue and secure new customers
                                                                         EBOS has invested in a significant distribution centre renewal program
generated excellent results in FY25 thanks to the significant efforts
                                                                         from FY23 completing in FY26. Once finished, the Group will have
of our team.
                                                                         delivered 8 new sites and system enhancements over a four-year period.
Amid a realignment of business volumes, our businesses have
                                                                         In December 2024, EBOS Healthcare relocated to a new 10,000m2 site in
redoubled their efforts in customer acquisition, enhancing supply
                                                                         South Dandenong, Victoria incorporating new racking, a cool room, a vault
chain support to existing customers, and driving operational
                                                                         for high-value and scheduled medicines, and supporting office space.
efficiency through innovation and investment to support long-term
revenue growth.                                                          In February 2025, ProPharma moved into a new 11,300m2
                                                                         purpose-built, temperature-controlled warehouse in Auckland,
In FY25, Symbion strengthened relationships with key independent
                                                                         which sets new standards in operational efficiencies and customer
pharmacy networks, while ProPharma expanded its reach
                                                                         experience in New Zealand.
by onboarding new community pharmacy customers. EBOS
Healthcare secured new partnerships with leading healthcare              At a total cost of approximately $360 million, the renewal program will
providers, and Healthcare Logistics broadened its portfolio by           have delivered an additional ~20% net increase in capacity, lowered
supporting the distribution of innovative diagnostics, specialty         its cost to serve, increased its refrigeration footprint to enable GLP-1
medicines, and consumer health products across New Zealand               customer growth, and streamlined customer integration processes. This
and Australia.                                                           upcoming financial year marks the conclusion of this renewal program.

                                                                                                                                                17
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Healthcare Highlights
TerryWhite Chemmart

TerryWhite Chemmart (TWC) delivered solid growth across front-of-store and prescriptions with like-for-like
network sales increasing by 8.5% in FY25.


The TWC network continued its growth in CareClinic health               Developed by pharmacists for pharmacists, the program builds on
services, including vaccinations, leave-of-absence certificates,        existing intern training through practical insights and leadership-
UTI treatments, and oral contraceptive supply, with year-on-year        focussed content.
increases in patient demand. This coincided with the network
                                                                        Enhancing customer convenience
expanding its national footprint to 626 pharmacies, reinforcing its
position as one of Australia’s largest and most trusted pharmacy        TWC has continued to be a leader in digital solutions for customers
networks.                                                               by expanding its e-commerce offering and investing in innovation
                                                                        and technology to improve accessibility to everyday healthcare
Leadership in health services
                                                                        needs for its network’s customers:
TWC launched a program to support pharmacists to become
                                                                        • In FY25, over 1.2 million orders were placed through the myTWC
qualified prescribers, allowing them to provide the safe treatment
                                                                           app with new features enhancing script management, in-store
of some health conditions that have been typically managed by
                                                                           efficiency, and patient engagement.
general practitioners.
                                                                        • The network expanded its partnership with a global online
The initiative followed the successful rollout of the Queensland
                                                                           ordering and delivery service, allowing customers to order
Full Scope of Practice pilot program, which resulted in 80 TWC
                                                                           non-scheduled products via the service’s app, extending TWC’s
pharmacists completing additional studies.
                                                                           reach to people who prefer the convenience of online shopping.
That number is expected to reach 150 by early 2026, supporting
                                                                        • Electronic shelf label technology was installed in over 50
TWC’s long-term commitment to professional development of its
                                                                           pharmacies, with plans for 50 more sites in the first half of FY26,
pharmacists and delivering expanded healthcare options for its
                                                                           supporting our network partner’s operational efficiency and
communities.
                                                                           allowing pharmacists and their teams to dedicate more time to
In FY25, the TWC network continued to be the go-to provider for those      their customers.
Australians who rely on their local pharmacies for flu vaccinations.
                                                                        TWC’s refreshed Rewards Plus program was named Best Loyalty
The TWC network provided over 21.5% of flu vaccinations                 Program Marketing Campaign at the Asia Pacific Loyalty Awards in
administered at pharmacies, driven by expanded CareClinic sites,        March. The accolade recognised the program’s success in helping
greater appointment availability and improved patient convenience       pharmacies build stronger customer connection through trust, care
during the peak flu season.                                             and great service. The TWC Rewards Plus program now has over
                                                                        2.5 million members accessing great value benefits.
Investment in education

In FY25, TWC’s Masterclass Intern Program launched nationally,
further supporting the future of Australian pharmacy and TWC’s
talent pipeline.

The program included in-person and online education for intern
pharmacists, with live interactive webinars, real-world case studies,
exam support and preceptor resources.


18
                                                                                                                      Business Overview




                                                                      Endeavour
Community engagement

Ovarian cancer remains the deadliest female cancer, underscoring
the importance of support and funding through long-term
community partnerships.                                               Consumer Health
In FY25, TWC proudly marked two decades of partnership with
Ovarian Cancer Australia (OCA) by raising over $450,000 through       Pioneering a new era in toothpaste manufacturing
coordinated campaigns across its pharmacy network, supplier
                                                                      Red Seal has recently commissioned new toothpaste
partners and support teams.
                                                                      manufacturing equipment to scale up toothpaste production
Those funds took the total of TWC’s fundraising to more than          and meet a growing demand in New Zealand and overseas.
$2.7 million since the partnership with OCA began 20 years ago.
                                                                      The state-of-the-art technology, with the capability to produce
As the Principal Partner of OCA, TWC is committed to continuing       over 1 million tubes of toothpaste per month, demonstrates a
the legacy of support while striving for even greater impact in the   continued commitment to manufacturing quality, New Zealand
fight against ovarian cancer.                                         made toothpaste.

TWC also reaffirmed its partnership with Sanofi and its Return of     Significant toothpaste growth across ANZ and internationally
Unwanted Medicines (RUM) program. With the goal to reduce the
                                                                      Red Seal’s commitment to providing effective oral care options
environmental impact of unwanted or out-of-date medications, this
                                                                      of NATRUE® certified toothpaste has resonated strongly with
collaboration resulted in TWC doubling the number of RUM bins
                                                                      consumers who are increasingly seeking out products that align
collected across its network.
                                                                      with their health and wellbeing values.

                                                                      While the brand’s products continued to solidify their market
In FY25, TWC proudly marked two decades                               presence, Red Seal Baking Soda toothpaste was a particular
of partnership with Ovarian Cancer                                    standout in FY25 with very strong growth in Australia following
Australia by raising over $450,000 through                            expanded distribution in the grocery channel.

coordinated campaigns across its pharmacy                             Red Seal Baking Soda toothpaste is also making strides
                                                                      internationally, particularly through its performance on online
network, supplier partners and support teams.                         platforms in the USA.




                                                                                                                                        19
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Healthcare Highlights
EBOS Medical Technology
EBOS Medical Technology (EBOS MedTech) remains committed to delivering practical, high-quality solutions that
enhance patient outcomes throughout New Zealand, Australia, and Southeast Asia.


The business increased its footprint in Southeast Asia through          Forging a new frontier in tumour treatment
strategic acquisitions, broadening an already diverse portfolio
                                                                        EBOS MedTech secured an exclusive distribution agreement to
of businesses with strong positions in their respective industries.
                                                                        bring ground-breaking histotripsy technology to the Asia Pacific
Investment in new partnerships and technology further contributed       region.
to the division’s overall growth and resilience.
                                                                        Histotripsy is an innovative non-invasive therapy that has the
Transmedic ownership transition                                         ability to mechanically destroy liver tumours, at the sub-cellular
                                                                        level without heat, radiation or incisions.
In January 2025, EBOS completed the acquisition of 100%
of Transmedic, one of Southeast Asia’s largest surgical technology      Developed by the University of Michigan, the novel therapy is a
and medical device distributors, with a presence in seven countries     promising alternative to traditional treatment of tumours and has
across the region.                                                      significant potential.

The Group acquired an initial 51% interest in Transmedic as             EBOS MedTech will introduce the technology across key markets,
part of the LifeHealthcare acquisition in May 2022 and lifted its       with Transmedic leading distribution in Singapore, Malaysia,
shareholding to 90% in FY24.                                            Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, the Philippines, and Hong Kong,
                                                                        and LifeHealthcare managing distribution in New Zealand and
This milestone supports our strategic objective of increasing
                                                                        Australia.
Transmedic’s footprint in Southeast Asia, strengthening the offering
and the capabilities of our MedTech business.                           Advancing innovation with Acellular Dermal Matrix

Founded in 1980, Transmedic has long-standing partnerships              Australian Biotechnologies continues to expand its impact with the
with global medical device manufacturers and specialises                successful launch of its Acellular Dermal Matrix (ADM) graft.
in key therapeutic areas including orthopaedics, cardiology,
                                                                        This advanced allograft tissue is now being used in orthopaedics
ophthalmology, oncology, blood management, and invitro
                                                                        and oral maxillofacial surgeries, since its initial adoption in plastic
diagnostics among others.
                                                                        and reconstructive procedures.
Transmedic continued to deliver double-digit growth in FY25,
                                                                        ADM is commonly used for soft tissue repair with typical
with revenue and earnings growing year-on-year, reflecting
                                                                        applications including breast reconstruction, abdominal wall repair
sustained demand across its core specialties and successful
                                                                        and other complex surgical procedures.
execution of regional growth initiatives.
                                                                        It offers a cleaner, more versatile graft option with key advantages
Strengthening our orthopaedic offering in Southeast Asia
                                                                        including freeze-drying for off-the-shelf storage, easier surgical
Transmedic has enhanced its orthopaedic credentials in Southeast        handling and the potential for improved clinical outcomes.
Asia with the recent acquisitions of Malaysia-based Malex Medical
                                                                        Reflecting its ongoing commitment to innovation, Australian
Asia, and Pacific Surgical in the Philippines. Combined, these two
                                                                        Biotechnologies is investing in research and development in
distributors have decades of experience in orthopaedic medical
                                                                        partnership with the University of New South Wales and major
device distribution and sports medicine solutions.
                                                                        Australian hospitals.
Malex Medical and Pacific Surgical’s integration into Transmedic
will support the introduction of the orthopaedic sports medicine
offering into Indonesia, utilising it’s already strong infrastructure
and experience in orthopaedics in Indonesia from its presence in
orthopaedic trauma and spine.

Demand for orthopaedic devices is increasing in Southeast Asia
due to an ageing population, change in the economic accessibility
to healthcare, rising prevalence of chronic diseases, and increased
healthcare awareness. These acquisitions reinforce Transmedic’s
position as a leading provider of specialised surgical technologies
in Southeast Asia and Hong Kong.




20
                                 Business Overview




Investment in new partnerships
and technology further
contributed to the division’s
overall growth and resilience.




                                               21
EBOS Annual Report 2025




22
                                                                                                                        Business Overview




Animal Care Highlights

It was another successful period for EBOS’ Animal Care segment with its dedication to delivering the very best
care and products to precious pets – at every stage of their life – being reinforced through strategic acquisitions
and new partnerships in New Zealand and Australia.


Welcome Kiwi Kitchens                                                  Black Hawk partners with iconic Australian charity

EBOS Animal Care’s strategy to expand its product offering has         Black Hawk has become the official pet food supplier to Guide Dogs
been strengthened with the acquisition of Kiwi Kitchens.               Australia under a three-year partnership, supporting the invaluable
                                                                       work of one of Australia’s most trusted charities.
Established in Christchurch, the brand is known for creating
premium products for cats and dogs all formulated with a focus         Guide Dogs Australia, in collaboration with its state and territory-
on New Zealand sourced proteins.                                       based organisations, helps thousands of Australians with low
                                                                       vision and blindness lead a more accessible and fulfilled life with
Kiwi Kitchens products are stocked in independent pet stores in
                                                                       confidence and companionship.
the United States, Japan, Australia and New Zealand providing a
platform for further growth into these regions for the Animal Care     As Guide Dogs Australia’s pet food partner, Black Hawk’s
business and our growing portfolio of industry-leading products.       high-quality products, made in-house at our Pet Care Kitchen in
                                                                       New South Wales, will ensure all guide dogs receive the necessary
Expanding vet wholesale business in New Zealand
                                                                       nutrients to thrive and perform their life-changing work.
In line with our strategy of investing for growth, our Animal Care
                                                                       As part of the collaboration, Guide Dogs Australia together
business acquired SVS Veterinary Supplies (SVS) in March 2025.
                                                                       with Black Hawk’s leading nutritionists and veterinarians have
Founded in 1987, SVS is a leading full-service wholesaler of pet       developed a dog Care Guide, providing pet owners with the
medicines and related products to over 500 veterinary clinics and      charity’s tips for canine care and training.
specialty retailers in New Zealand and supplies a comprehensive
                                                                       Guide Dogs Australia supports almost 6,000 Australians with low
suite of products for companion and large animals.
                                                                       vision or blindness in leading more independent and confident lives
The acquisition of SVS, which has over 100 employees in Hamilton,      each year.
Palmerston North, Wellington and Christchurch, is a logical addition
to our existing Animal Care business, which includes Lyppard,
a leading veterinary wholesale business in Australia.
                                                                       As part of the collaboration, Guide Dogs
                                                                       Australia together with Black Hawk’s
We see significant opportunity to share relationships and best
practice across both businesses further enhancing service to our       leading nutritionists and veterinarians have
customers and their pet patients.                                      developed a dog Care Guide, providing pet
                                                                       owners with the charity’s trade secret tips for
                                                                       canine care and training.




    900                                120,134
    Guide Dogs and puppies             kgs of pet food supplied to
    fed by Black Hawk                  Guide Dogs Australia




                                                                                                                                          23
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Environmental, Social and
Governance Program
The Board and Executive Leadership Team are committed to leading the sustainable development of our
businesses in the communities we serve.

EBOS’ ESG Program sets out our actions to ensure we consistently and sustainably deliver on our responsibilities as a provider of essential
network infrastructure, products, and services. It encompasses 20 material ESG topics identified through stakeholder engagement.
More information about our materiality assessment is available at www.ebosgroup.com/sustainability.

ESG Governance


 Board                                          Chief Executive Officer                    ESG Steering Committee

 The Board has responsibility for approving,    The Chief Executive Officer (CEO), or a    Our ESG Steering Committee has responsibility for
 overseeing, and monitoring the Group’s         member of the Executive Leadership Team,   formulating and implementing the Group’s ESG
 response to and management of the ESG          reports to the Board on the Group’s ESG    Program. It is chaired by the Executive GM Strategic
 Program.                                       Update at each Board meeting.              Operations, ESG and Innovation and is composed of
                                                                                           senior business representatives across the Group’s
                                                                                           major business functions. Various ESG initiatives are
                                                                                           integrated in our business activities and governance
                                                                                           structures including:
                                                                                           • Cyber Security & Privacy Steering Committee
                                                                                           • Sustainable Packaging Committee
                                                                                           • Group Safety Committee




FY25 highlights




  99,000+                              10 million+ 216 million+
  customers                            orders                             units of prescription
                                                                          medications supplied to
                                                                          pharmacies and hospitals




                                        89,000+                            1.2 million+ 7,500+
                                        product lines                      medical devices supplied             suppliers
                                                                           for use in patient surgery
                                                                           and treatment




24
                                  Business Overview




EBOS’ ESG Program sets
out our actions to ensure we
consistently and sustainably
deliver on our responsibilities
as a provider of essential
network infrastructure,
products, and services.




                                               25
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Management approaches for ESG Topics

Our Management approach to ESG topics is outlined under the five pillars of our ESG Program, which can be viewed at
www.ebosgroup.com/sustainability.




                     Health & Animal                                   Consumers                                Community
                     Care Partners                                     & Patients                               & Environment



        Delivering essential                           Managing the impacts of                     Environmental Stewardship
        infrastructure for human                       our products                                • Minimising our impact
        and animal health                              • Packaging and Waste                       • Carbon offsetting
        • Community service role                       • Ethical Sourcing
                                                                                                   Reaching out to help out
        • Nurturing customer and
                                                       Upholding our Quality Promise               • Supporting causes close
           government relationships
                                                       • Quality Management                           to us
        Implementing robust systems                    • Compliance                                • Advancing equity, fairness
        • Business continuity                                                                        and opportunity in society
           management
        • Data and technology
          security/privacy




                     Our People                                                           Responsible Business



        • Employee safety, health and wellbeing                              • Legal compliance
        • Culture and engagement                                              • Reporting with integrity
        • Talent and capability                                               • Ethical behaviour
        • Performance and reward                                             • Corporate governance




Stakeholder engagement and materiality review
                                                                              Memberships and associations
We are committed to engaging with stakeholders on the Group’s
ESG initiatives and progress. We monitor the Group’s performance              Australia
in various ESG ratings indices to help us identify and address areas          National Pharmaceutical Services Association
where we can improve our sustainability efforts.                              Medicines Australia
                                                                              Medical Technology Association of Australia
EBOS Key Stakeholder Groups                                                   Immunisation Coalition of Australia
                                                                              Pet Food Industry of Australia
                                                                              Australia Day Hospital Association
     Board and
                                                                              Enterprise Data Management Council
      Executive                        Healthcare         Animal Care
                     Employees
     Leadership                        customers           customers          New Zealand
        Team
                                                                              Medicines New Zealand
                                                                              Medical Technology Association of New Zealand

                                                                              Southeast Asia
                                                                              Singapore Business Federation
     Suppliers
                     Non-profit        Government
                                                           Investors
                                                                              Singapore Manufacturing Federation
                      partners        and regulators
                                                                              Asia Pacific Medical Technology Association
                                                                              Malaysia Medical Device Association
                                                                              Malaysian Employers Federation
                                                                              Thai Medical Device Technology Industry Association
Memberships and associations                                                  Gabungan Perusahaan Alat-Alat Kesehatan dan
                                                                              Laboratorium (GAKESLAB)
EBOS has aligned with various professional organisations in                   Philippines Association of Medical
Australia, New Zealand, and Southeast Asia to facilitate networking,          Device Regulatory Affairs Professionals (PAMDRAP)
knowledge sharing, and advocacy for best support.




26
                                                                                                                       Business Overview




Quality                                                               Data Security & Privacy

EBOS is a diverse business with many external business partners.      Data security and privacy is a shared responsibility across EBOS
We focus on meeting the various service expectations of customers     led by the Cyber Security & Privacy Steering Committee and
and suppliers, as well as regulators, consumers and other external    overseen by the Board. The Group’s work aligns with the NIST
parties. In addition to ensuring regulatory requirements, we adopt    (National Institutes of Standards and Technologies) framework,
internationally recognised standards such as Quality Management       and seventeen business units have received certification for ISO
Standard (QMS): ISO 9001 where we seek accreditation.                 27001, which is the globally recognised standard for information
                                                                      security management systems.
Supply Chain Management
                                                                      In FY25, we continued to invest in uplifting the Group’s security
EBOS primarily provides wholesale and distribution services acting
                                                                      posture, including data governance and security incident and
as an intermediary between suppliers and business users, including
                                                                      event management.
pharmacies, healthcare institutions, veterinarian clinics and
other professional care providers. Our supply chain incorporates      Keeping medicines moving when it matters most
many local and international suppliers across various areas of our
                                                                      Our healthcare business Symbion is proud to support local
business. Brands under Animal Care and Endeavour Consumer
                                                                      pharmacies who are the backbone of local communities in times
Health also source ingredients for manufacturing selected own-
                                                                      of crisis. During the February 2025 flood emergency in Far North
brand products.
                                                                      Queensland, the Symbion team overcame a series of operational
Our core business offering is to aggregate and supply healthcare      challenges. Customer service teams coordinated with the SES,
and animal care products, thereby simplifying the lives of our        police, freight forwarders and pharmacies to ensure critical
customers so they can focus on what they do best. The Group’s         medicines were delivered to where they were needed most.
gross operating revenue (GOR) is derived predominantly from           All warehouses remained fully operational utilising backup power.
providing wholesale, distribution and contract logistics services
                                                                      In anticipation of Cyclone Alfred in March 2025, our businesses in
as well as franchisor income.
                                                                      the region activated a range of measures to safeguard operations.
The Group’s remaining GOR is derived from EBOS own-brand              This meant only minor damage was sustained and businesses
products we create, including pet food and treats, vitamins,          could resume normal operations after a short precautionary
medicines, over-the-counter (OTC) products, medical consumables,      closure leading up to the cyclone’s landfall.
medication aids and software solutions. These products are
                                                                      In May 2025, severe flooding hit New South Wales Mid North Coast
developed, processed or manufactured by the Group, or sourced
                                                                      and Hunter Valley. Despite inaccessible areas, our teams relocated
under licence or contract manufactured.
                                                                      orders to facilities in Brisbane and worked with emergency services
Ethical Sourcing Strategy                                             to deliver supplies to pharmacies with blocked road access while
                                                                      our other teams swiftly re-routed services and boosted direct driver
EBOS’ Ethical Sourcing Strategy sets out the steps for
                                                                      runs to ensure critical supplies reached hospitals.
implementation of effective and appropriate ethical sourcing
programs. This includes risk assessments using due diligence tools,
standard operating procedures, and reporting templates. Focus
areas of the strategy include managing modern slavery risks and
legal and regulatory compliance.


Local and international supply chains

 Medicines and healthcare products          Medical devices                            Own-brand products

 Over-the-counter products and medical      Medical equipment and consumables          Ingredients, materials, and finished products
 consumables, cold chain products,
 scheduled and unscheduled medicines


                                                                                                                                          27
EBOS Annual Report 2025




EBOS Group’s property in South Gippsland, Victoria, dedicated to a reforestation project.



Climate-related Disclosures                                                                          The site is located in the vicinity of protected native forests and
                                                                                                     South Gippsland is home to koala populations, including Strzelecki
We published the Group’s inaugural Climate Statement in October
                                                                                                     Koalas that descend from Victoria’s original koala gene pool.
2024. This report containing comprehensive disclosures on the
Group’s climate risks, opportunities, and impacts is available at                                    Track works commenced in March 2025 to facilitate access to
www.ebosgroup.com/sustainability/climate-statement. Our 2025                                         the property. We are now working on boundary fencing and weed
Climate Statement will be published in September.                                                    management with a view to starting new planting of native tree
                                                                                                     species in early FY26.
The Group has established targets for certain Scope 1 and Scope 2
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emission reductions. We continued to focus                                      Solar array
on reducing our reliance on fossil fuels. We largely completed the
                                                                                                     The Group continues to work towards generating renewable
transition to electric Materials Handling Equipment (MHE), phasing
                                                                                                     electricity equivalent to the forecasted electricity consumption
out a small number of forklift trucks fitted with combustion engines.
                                                                                                     of our Australian operations. The Group operates a 500kW roof-
Some units remain due to recent acquisitions. Additionally, we are
                                                                                                     mounted solar array at Parkes, New South Wales and in FY25 we
implementing a policy progressively phasing out fleet vehicles
                                                                                                     continued development planning for the next stage of the project,
solely relying on combustion engines, with electric and plugin
                                                                                                     an approximately 5MW ground-mounted solar array at the site with
hybrid alternatives, where practical.
                                                                                                     construction expected to commence in FY26. The second stage of
Since FY24, the Group has acquired New Zealand Renewable                                             the solar array project will be an additional ground-mounted solar
Energy Certificates (RECs) which match the amount of electricity                                     array with approximately 6MW capacity and we continue to engage
consumed by the Group in New Zealand resulting in zero reported                                      with regulators on these subsequent works.
GHG emissions for New Zealand.
                                                                                                     At the commencement of the project, the Group anticipated that
Greenfleet partnership                                                                               it would require solar arrays with approximately 18.8MW capacity
                                                                                                     delivered in three stages of approximately 6MW each to generate
EBOS continues to enjoy a long standing partnership with not-
                                                                                                     sufficient renewable electricity to meet its FY27 demands. During
for-profit environmental organisation, Greenfleet. Since 2007,
                                                                                                     the year, we reviewed our electricity demand forecast for our
we have offset a significant share of outbound freight emissions
                                                                                                     Australian operations, incorporating the energy efficiency of newly
from our operations by donating over $2.4 million in support of
                                                                                                     commissioned facilities, initiatives to reduce consumption in existing
Greenfleet’s important work to revegetate native landscapes and
                                                                                                     sites and other considerations. This latest forecast indicates that the
restore biodiverse habitats. In FY25, we increased our donation to
                                                                                                     third and final stage of the solar array may not be required to meet
Greenfleet by a further 10%.
                                                                                                     our target. While the Group continues to monitor demand forecasts,
Reforestation project                                                                                it has paused progressing the third stage.

In FY25, EBOS made progress towards establishing our own
reforestation project that will be implemented and managed by
Greenfleet. We purchased a property in South Gippsland, Victoria
with a potential planting area of approximately 94 hectares.



Greenfleet partnership                                                                               Carbon reduction targets


     FY25 impact                                  Lifetime impact



     20,088                                       146,263                                                FY27
     tonnes of carbon offset                      tonnes of carbon offset                                 Zero reported Scopes 1
                                                                                                          and 2   1 GHG emissions


     $401,760                                     $2,403,031
                                                                                                          after offsets2


     donated                                      donated




1
    Using market-based Scope 2 reporting and after applying green energy certificates, such as Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs in Australia and New Zealand), Small-scale Technology
     Certificates (STC, Australia only) and Large-scale Generation Certificates (LGCs, Australia only)..
2
    Means that EBOS invested in offsets equivalent to its gross Scope 1 emissions. The offsets acquired and retired were Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs). Further details regarding our
     Scope 1 boundaries and exclusions and limitations and our approach to reporting targets will be included in our 2025 Climate Statement that will be published in September 2025.


28
                                                                        Business Overview




Electricity efficiency program

In FY25 we completed a revised Energy Reduction Plan aimed at
further decreasing our grid-supplied electricity consumption. This
Plan focusses on sites with the highest energy use or intensity, such
as usage per square metre or unit output. Identified opportunities
include increasing onsite solar electricity generation, optimising
HVAC and refrigeration equipment, and enhancing the efficiency of
machinery and automation systems.

In FY25 we achieved a 12.33% grid-purchased electricity efficiency
improvement per square metre against the FY21 baseline. The
improvements are primarily from opening new, more efficient,
facilities and closing less energy-efficient facilities and we expect
the result to progressively improve as new facilities become
operational.




  A summary of our environmental data
  will be published on 30 September
  https://www.ebosgroup.com/
  sustainability/our-esg-program/


Community investment

EBOS supports a range of charities and social enterprises who do
wonderful work across our communities.

EBOS is proud to support the following organisations:




                                                                                     29
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Sustainable Packaging                                                                       Other brands

Product packaging has complex lifecycle impacts that contribute                             Packaging for our other grocery brands, Quitnits, Anti-flamme
to climate change and other social and environmental concerns.                              and Gran’s Remedy, is now largely recyclable with the exception of
                                                                                            caps and lids due to New Zealand kerbside recycling regulations,
EBOS’ Sustainable Packaging Committee coordinates the work                                  and where complex cap types are required for functionality, such
of participating businesses to minimise packaging waste and                                 as spray nozzles and foam pumps. We will continue to explore
optimise the value of associated materials in the circular economy.                         sustainable options for these items.
The Group’s sustainable packaging initiative encompasses                                    Australian Packaging Covenant Organisation
packaging research & development, design, procurement, and
manufacturing over which the Group has management control,                                  In FY25, four EBOS businesses submitted action plans and
including reducing use of single-use plastics throughout our supply                         performance reports to APCO covering the 2024 calendar year.
chains in New Zealand and Australia.

Our target is to transition our grocery brand packaging to                                   Reporting                      Overall Performance Score
recyclable (and therefore more sustainable) alternatives by the                              Masterpet                      Leading
end of 2025 and other own-brand products by the end of 2027.
                                                                                             Sentry                         Advanced
Over 95%1 of our grocery brand products will be using recyclable
packaging, with products progressively entering the market in the                            Endeavour Consumer Health      Advanced
new packaging as we run down existing stocks.
                                                                                             LifeHealthcare                 Advanced
VitaPet
We have made significant progress in converting the product
                                                                                            Sustainable cold chain solutions (Symbion)
packaging of our grocery brand VitaPet to recyclable, reusable,
or compostable alternatives, in line with Australian Packaging                              Symbion is reducing reliance on polystyrene eskys. In some
Covenant Organisation (APCO) guidelines. This new sustainable                               locations they have been replaced by refrigerated containers,
packaging design is easier to recycle and produces a higher quality                         but this is not always possible. Consequently, Symbion has
recycled product after reprocessing. Introduction of single polymer                         partnered with an industry innovator to introduce a new self-
laminate packs have also been scheduled for VitaPet food and                                contained cold chain delivery solution consisting of an insulating
other product lines. When completed next year, this transition                              liner in a cardboard carton. Following completion of a successful
project will displace approximately 150 tonnes of currently                                 pilot project at its South Australian distribution facility, Symbion will
non-recoverable packaging.                                                                  roll out the new packaging in Northern Territory and Tasmania.
Red Seal                                                                                    New packaging technologies (Onelink)
All Red Seal product packaging has been reviewed and packaging
                                                                                            Onelink has been working on several innovations to improve the
has been replaced with recyclable materials, except for some
                                                                                            sustainability of packaging for distribution of medical consumables
miscellaneous items such as labels and certain moisture
                                                                                            to New South Wales public hospitals. New carton technology and
management materials related to product quality, including
                                                                                            efficient cubic-shaped design reduces the amount of packaging
desiccants, seals, and envelopes. These items account for less
                                                                                            materials by fitting more in each box. Plastic liners have also
than 10% of the packaging for these products, and we are actively
                                                                                            been replaced with a compostable alternative that has been
exploring recyclable alternatives. Although Red Seal product caps
                                                                                            specially treated to accelerate biodegradation in microbe-rich
and lids are made from recyclable materials, recent changes in
                                                                                            environments.
New Zealand kerbside recycling regulations currently prevent their
recycling. Caps and lids in the New Zealand market represents
under 3% of Red Seal’s total product packaging.




30        1
              Packaging percentages relate to number of SKUs, unless indicated otherwise.
                                                                                                                         Business Overview




Profile of our People

In FY25, the Group’s total employee headcount expanded to 5,770. As our workforce continues to grow, so does the potential for positive
contributions to our people, their families and local communities through fair employment practices, training, and career development
opportunities.




               5,770
                                                                                                          More data on the
                                    total employee
                                    headcount
                                                                                                          composition of
                                                                                                          our workforce is
                                                                                                          available at
                                                                                                          https://www.
                                                                                                          ebosgroup.com/
                                                                                                          sustainability/
                                                                                                          our-esg-program/



    Location                           Gender                           Age
       62% Australia                          55% women                    24% <30 yrs
       21% New Zealand                        45% men                      53% 30-49 yrs
       17% Southeast Asia                     <0.1% non-binary             23% ≥50 yrs




Driving diversity and inclusion initiatives                            EBOS Life Savers

We are committed to gender equality and creating a positive            Eight “Life Savers” standards have been introduced reinforcing
environment where all employees feel empowered and supported.          minimum standards and appropriate controls for reducing risk of
To mark International Women’s Day, we launched our updated             injury or harm to workers undertaking high-risk activities. The Life
Domestic and Family Violence Policy to raise awareness and             Savers were developed through consultation with key stakeholders
highlight the support that is offered by EBOS. Various EBOS sites      and will enhance the culture of health and safety within our
also organised a clothing drive in support of Dress for Success,       workplaces.
a charity committed to helping unemployed and underemployed
                                                                       Executive Leadership Safety Walks
women achieve economic independence.
                                                                       People leaders play a critical role in shaping the safety culture of
Domestic and Family Violence Policy
                                                                       our organisation. Our Group-wide Executive Leadership Safety
In FY25, we updated and enhanced our policy setting out various        Walks initiative improves leadership visibility at our sites, enabling
forms of confidential and non-judgemental support available to         leaders to better understand how workplace risks are being
employees in New Zealand and Australia who are experiencing            managed, facilitating regular positive interactions between senior
domestic and family violence, as well as those supporting affected     managers and their teams, and identifying opportunities for
family members. This includes special leave for legal, medical, or     improvement.
relocation needs, financial assistance, flexible work arrangements,
workplace safety planning and referral, and counselling services for
those experiencing domestic and family violence.

New Zealand Parental Leave Policy
                                                                          Content Index for ESG Disclosures
                                                                          can be found at https://www.
In early 2025, we launched a new Parental Leave Policy for
employees in New Zealand seeking support to take time out from            ebosgroup.com/sustainability/our-esg-
work to raise their families. Expanding on statutory entitlements,        program/
eligible employees can benefit from enhanced benefits for both
partners and primary carers.

First Nations employment program (Symbion)

Symbion has partnered with a labour hire provider to develop and
deliver its First Nations employment program, providing stable
work, training and a pathway for career progression in Supply
Chain and Logistics. The pilot program concluded in January 2025
with graduates securing sustainable employment within Symbion.
A second cohort of trainees commenced the program in the first
half of FY26.


                                                                                                                                            31
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Our Board
Elizabeth Coutts – Independent Chair                                   During her executive career, Ms McConville was Chief Executive
ONZM, BMS, FCA, CF Instit. D                                           Officer and Chief Operating Officer for Clear Channel
Elizabeth Coutts was appointed to the EBOS Group Limited Board         Communications (now iHeartMedia Inc.) and a management
in July 2003. She is Chair of the Remuneration Committee and a         consultant with McKinsey and Co and LEK Consulting.
member of the Audit and Risk Committee. She is Chair of Oceania        She is currently a director of 3i Group and a member of the
Healthcare Limited and 2degrees Group Limited, and a Director of       Supervisory Board of Germany-based Tui AG. Her previous
EBOS Group subsidiaries in New Zealand.                                directorships include Kings Cross Central General Partnership,
Elizabeth is a former Chair of Skellerup Holdings Limited, Ports       TUI Travel, UTV Media, Travis Perkins, Fevertree Drinks, Inchcape,
of Auckland Limited, Meritec Group, Industrial Research, Life          Wembley National Stadium, Shed Media, Halifax and HBOS.
Pharmacy Limited, former director of Air New Zealand Limited,          Stuart McLauchlan – Independent Director
the Health Funding Authority, Sanford Limited, the Yellow Group        BCOM, FCA, CF. Inst.D
of Companies and Tennis Auckland Region Incorporated, former
                                                                       Stuart was appointed to the EBOS Group Limited Board in July
Deputy Chairman of Public Trust, former board member of
                                                                       2019. He is Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee and a
Sport NZ, former member of the Pharmaceutical Management
                                                                       member of the Remuneration Committee.
Agency (Pharmac) and Marsh New Zealand Advisory Board,
former Commissioner for both the Commerce and Earthquake               Stuart is a Chartered Fellow of the Institute of Directors and
Commissions, former external monetary policy adviser to the            a Past President. He is a chartered accountant, partner of GS
Governor of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, a former president        McLauchlan & Co, and a Fellow of the New Zealand Institute
of the Institute of Directors Inc and former Chief Executive of the    of Chartered Accountants. He is currently chairman of Scott
Caxton Group of Companies.                                             Technology Ltd, ADInstruments Ltd, Cargill Hotel 2022 Ltd, Otago
                                                                       Community Hospice and Woods Solutions. He is a director of
Dr Tracey Batten – Independent Director
                                                                       Argosy Properties Ltd and Scenic Hotels Group, as well as a
MBBS, MHA, FRACMA, MBA (Harvard), FAICD
                                                                       number of private companies. He is also a governor of the New
Dr Tracey Batten was appointed to the EBOS Group Limited Board         Zealand Sports Hall of Fame. He was formerly a chairman of
in July 2021. She is a member of the Remuneration Committee.           Pharmac and UDC Finance, member of the Marsh New Zealand
Tracey is currently a non-executive director of Medibank Private       Advisory Board, and director of Ngāi Tahu Tourism Ltd.
Limited and Nanosonics Limited. She was previously Chair of the        Matt Muscio – Non-Executive Director
Accident Compensation Corporation, a non-executive director            BBus
of National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research, Abano
                                                                       Matt was appointed to the EBOS Group Limited Board in January
Healthcare Group Limited and various other healthcare related
                                                                       2025. His career spans more than 25 years in the medical device
research institutes, charities and industry and government bodies.
                                                                       industry with the last 15 years in medical technology distribution
During her executive career she was Group CEO of Imperial              under both public and private ownership models.
College Healthcare NHS Trust in the United Kingdom, Group CEO
                                                                       Matt’s most recent executive role was as Chief Executive Officer
of St Vincent’s Health Australia, CEO of Eastern Health and CEO
                                                                       for EBOS’ Medical Technology businesses, having joined EBOS
of Dental Health Services Victoria.
                                                                       following the acquisition of LifeHealthcare in 2022.
Mark Bloom – Independent Director
                                                                       Matt has been a board member for the Medical Technology
BCom, BAcc, CA
                                                                       Association of Australia from 2017 to 2023 and currently serves
Mark was appointed to the EBOS Group Limited Board in                  as a non-executive board member for Tetrous Inc, a regenerative
September 2022. Mark is a member of the Audit and Risk                 medicine company.
Committee. He is currently a non-executive director of ASX listed
Abacus Storage King and AGL Energy Limited and a director of           Julie Tay – Independent Director
JewishCare NSW. He is a former director of Pacific Smiles Group        BA, MBA (Curtin)
Limited and Abacus Property Group. Mark has over 35 years’             Julie Tay was appointed to the EBOS Group Limited Board in May
experience as a finance executive, including as Chief Financial        2023.
Officer at ASX listed Scentre Group Limited from its formation in
July 2014 through to his retirement in April 2019. Prior to this, he   Julie is currently a director of Sonova, a global hearing care
was Deputy Group CFO of Westfield Group for 11 years.                  solutions company, headquartered in Switzerland and listed on
Mark has also held a number of senior finance roles, including         the Swiss stock exchange. She has over 30 years’ experience in
being CFO and executive director for insurance and financial           international executive and non-executive roles across consumer
services companies Liberty Life, South Africa and Manulife             healthcare, medical devices and digital healthcare.
Financial, Canada.                                                     Julie was most recently Senior Vice President and Managing
Coline McConville – Independent Director                               Director, Asia Pacific and member of the global Executive
B.Juris, LLB, MBA (Harvard)                                            Management Committee for Align Technology. Prior to this,
                                                                       she was regional head of Bayer Healthcare (Diabetes Care) in Asia
Coline McConville was appointed to the EBOS Group Limited              Pacific and also previously held senior executive roles in Asia at
Board in February 2025.                                                Johnson Diversey and Johnson & Johnson.
Coline brings to EBOS 20 years of governance experience advising
a wide range of organisations operating in different countries
and industries. Her expertise includes advising across acquisitive
portfolio companies, complex distribution organisations, capital
intensive businesses, consumer driven vertically integrated and
global service companies.


32
                                                    Business Overview




From top: Elizabeth Coutts, Dr Tracey Batten,
Mark Bloom, Coline McConville, Stuart McLauchlan,
Matt Muscio, Julie Tay.




                                                                 33
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Financial Summary

EBOS delivers solid FY25 result in line with guidance                                     The record date for the final dividend is 5 September 2025 and the
                                                                                          dividend will be paid on 24 September 2025. The final dividend will
Group revenue was $12.3 billion, up 12.0%1 on the prior year, driven                      be imputed to 25% for New Zealand tax resident shareholders and
by growth in both our Healthcare and Animal Care segments,                                will be fully franked for Australian tax resident shareholders. The
including strong performances from our Community Pharmacy,                                Group’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will be operational for
TerryWhite Chemmart, Institutional Healthcare and Animal Care                             the upcoming final dividend. Shareholders can elect to take shares
divisions.                                                                                in lieu of a cash dividend at a discount of 2.5% to the volume
                                                                                          weighted average share price.
EBOS recorded Underlying EBITDA of $585 million, representing
7.5% growth and Underlying NPAT of $258 million. 1                                        Outlook
Healthcare                                                                                Our portfolio is well positioned for long-term growth with
                                                                                          continued positive healthcare and animal care industry trends
The Healthcare segment reported revenue of $11.6 billion and
                                                                                          supporting the resilience of our businesses. Near-term macro
Underlying EBITDA of $500 million, representing 11.8% and 6.9%
                                                                                          pressures include a competitive wholesale pharmacy environment,
growth respectively. 1 In Australia, Healthcare revenue was $9.0
                                                                                          soft hospital capital spend and subdued consumer sentiment
billion and Underlying EBITDA was $397 million, representing 12.9%
                                                                                          impacting discretionary pet categories.
and 5.9%growth respectively. 1 In New Zealand and Southeast
Asia, Healthcare revenue increased to $2.6 billion and Underlying                         In FY26, the Group is targeting Underlying EBITDA of $615 – 635
EBITDA increased to $103 million, representing 8.1% and 10.8%                             million, reflecting ~7% midpoint growth, with positive contributions
growth respectively.1                                                                     from both the Healthcare and Animal Care segments.
Healthcare segment growth was driven by our leading positions                             In FY26, we expect capital expenditure of approximately
and solid contributions from our Community Pharmacy, TWC and                              $130 – 140 million, marking the successful completion of our major
Institutional Healthcare businesses.                                                      distribution centre renewal program. In future years, annual
                                                                                          capital expenditure should be approximately 30% lower, on a
Animal Care
                                                                                          comparable basis. Underlying depreciation and amortisation
The Animal Care segment had a strong performance with revenue                             is expected to be approximately $140 – 150 million, reflecting
of $673 million and Underlying EBITDA of $124 million, representing                       the investments we’ve made in recent years and the increased
16.3% and 10.4% growth respectively. 1                                                    capacity of our expanded distribution centres.

This growth was supported by the branded business and the                                 Leverage remains within targeted range, with headroom to
contribution of earnings from the SVS acquisition.                                        fund growth initiatives from existing liquidity and balance sheet
                                                                                          capacity. Net finance costs are expected to be approximately $110
Cash flow and balance sheet
                                                                                          – 120 million, assuming no additional debt funding requirements.
EBOS generated underlying cash flow before capex of $448 million,                         The effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 28%.
up $81 million on the prior corresponding period, supporting our
                                                                                          In Q4 FY26, the Group will host an investor day which will
organic growth, M&A strategy, shareholder returns and balance
                                                                                          provide deeper insights into strategic priorities and long-term
sheet management. Net capital expenditure for the year was
                                                                                          growth drivers. The event will also outline the Group’s capital
$146 million.
                                                                                          management framework and future capital deployment priorities.
Return on Capital Employed for June 2025 was 13.0%, 20 basis
points lower than June 20241.

The Net Debt: EBITDA ratio at 30 June 2025 was 1.92x, which is a slight
increase on the 1.89x reported in the prior corresponding period.

Acquisitions

Consistent with our strategy of investing for growth, since
July 2024 we have completed five acquisitions 2, 3, including
the remaining 10% interest in Transmedic, two small bolt-on
acquisitions within our Medical Technology business, and two
acquisitions in Animal Care.

Dividends

The Directors are pleased to declare a final FY25 dividend of
NZ 61.5 cents per share, which equates to a full year dividend of
NZ 118.5 cents per share. This represents a dividend payout ratio
of 83.8%.




1
    Underlying results are non-GAAP financial measures to reflect our underlying financial performance. Growth for FY25 Underlying compared to FY24 Underlying is normalised
     to exclude the Chemist Warehouse Australia contract. Refer to page 35 for a reconciliation to statutory results.
2
    Two additional small acquisitions were completed in FY25 and not noted above.
3
    Includes Next Generation Pet Foods that was completed on 1 July 2025.


34
                                                                                                                                                   Business Overview




Reconciliation of Statutory to Underlying Results                               FY25 and FY24 Underlying earnings exclude one-off M&A
                                                                                transaction costs, non-recurring restructuring and site transition
This Annual Report contains a number of non-GAAP financial
                                                                                costs and the amortisation (non-cash) expense attributable to
measures to reflect our underlying financial performance.
                                                                                acquisition PPA of finite life intangible assets. To provide a like-
Because they are not defined by GAAP or IFRS, EBOS’ calculation
                                                                                for-like comparison to the prior corresponding period, where
of these measures may differ from similarly titled measures
                                                                                applicable, this table includes comparisons against underlying
presented by other companies and they should not be considered
                                                                                earnings exclusive of the estimated earnings from the Chemist
in isolation from, or construed as an alternative to, other financial
                                                                                Warehouse Australia (CWA) contract for the 30 June 2024 period.
measures determined in accordance with GAAP. Although
EBOS believes they provide useful information in measuring the                  The following tables provide reconciliations between Statutory
financial performance and condition of EBOS' business, readers                  and Underlying for the Group results and the Healthcare and
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these non-GAAP                     Animal Care Segments. Figures in the following tables are subject
financial measures.                                                             to rounding and totals may not precisely sum across all line items.


Group


                                                                   FY25                                                                FY24

 $m                                      Revenue     EBITDA        EBIT        PBT             NPAT          Revenue     EBITDA       EBIT          PBT            NPAT

 Statutory result                           12,267          556          409       302            215          13,189         606            477          383         272

 M&A transaction costs                           -           11           11             11        10               -           10            10              10           7

 Restructuring & site transition costs           -           18           18         18            13               -           9             9               9           6

 PPA amortisation (non-cash)                     -            -           27         27            19               -            -           26               26          18

 Total underlying earnings adjustments           -           29           56         56            42               -           19           45           45              32

 Underlying result                          12,267          585          465       359            258          13,189         624           522           428         303

 CWA estimated earnings                          -            -            -                                  (2,236)         (80)          (80)

 Underlying result excluding CWA            12,267          585          465                                  10,953          544           442



Healthcare and Animal Care

                                                                  Healthcare                                                         Animal Care

                                                     FY25                            FY24                                FY25                             FY24

 $m                                       Revenue        EBITDA           Revenue             EBITDA          Revenue         EBITDA         Revenue           EBITDA

 Statutory result                              11,593             472          12,610              537                  673           123            579              104

 M&A transaction costs                               -              10               -                  2                 -             1                 -               8

 Restructuring & site transition costs               -              18               -                  9                 -             -                 -                -

 Total underlying earnings adjustments               -             28                -                  11                -             1                 -               8

 Underlying result                             11,593             500          12,610              548                  673           124            579                112

 CWA estimated earnings                              -               -         (2,236)             (80)

 Underlying result excluding CWA               11,593             500          10,374              468




                                                                                                                                                                          35
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Contents
Directors’ Responsibility Statement                          37   Section F: EBOS Group structure
Independent Auditor’s Report                                 38   F1. Subsidiaries                                  78
Financial Statements                                         42   F2. Investment in associates                      81
Consolidated Income Statement                                42   F3. Non-controlling interests                     83
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income               43
Consolidated Balance Sheet                                   44   Section G: How we manage risk

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                  46   G1. Financial risk management                     84

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                             47   G2. Financial instruments                         86

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements               48
                                                                  Section H: Other disclosures

Introducing this report                                      48   H1. Contingent liabilities                        89
                                                                  H2. Commitments for expenditure                   89
Section A: EBOS performance                                       H3. Subsequent events                             89
A1. Revenue and expenses                                     50   H4. Related party disclosures                     89
A2. Segment information                                      53   H5. Remuneration of auditors                      90
A3. Taxation                                                 56   H6. Leases                                        91
A4. Earnings per share                                       58


Section B: Key judgements made
B1. Goodwill and intangibles                                 59
B2. Acquisition information                                  64   Key


Section C: Operating assets and liabilities used by EBOS                 Key judgements and other judgements made
C1. Trade and other receivables                              68
C2. Inventories                                              69          Subsequent event

C3. Trade and other payables                                 69
                                                                         Risks
Section D: Capital assets used by EBOS to operate our business
                                                                         Accounting policy
D1. Property, plant and equipment                            70
D2. Capital work in progress                                 71          Explanatory note


Section E: How we fund the business
E1. Share capital                                            72
E2. Dividends                                                73
E3. Borrowings                                               74
E4. Borrowing facilities maturity profile                    75
E5. Operating cash flows                                     76




36
                                                                                                                    Financial Statements




Directors’ Responsibility Statement                                   The Directors consider that they have taken adequate steps to
                                                                      safeguard the assets of the Group, and to prevent and detect
The Directors of EBOS Group Limited are pleased to present to
                                                                      fraud and other irregularities. Internal control procedures are
shareholders the financial statements of EBOS Group Limited
                                                                      also considered to be sufficient to provide reasonable assurance
and its controlled entities (together the “Group”) for the year
                                                                      as to the integrity and reliability of the financial statements.
ended 30 June 2025.
                                                                      The financial statements are signed on behalf of the Board by:
The Directors are responsible for presenting financial statements
in accordance with New Zealand law and generally accepted
accounting practice, which fairly present the financial position of
the Group as at 30 June 2025 and the results of their operations
and cash flows for the year ended on that date.
The Directors consider the financial statements of the Group          Elizabeth Coutts
have been prepared using accounting policies which have been          Chair
consistently applied and supported by reasonable judgements
and estimates and that all relevant financial reporting and
accounting standards have been followed.
The Directors believe that proper accounting records have been
kept which enable with reasonable accuracy, the determination         Stuart McLauchlan
of the financial position of the Group and facilitate compliance      Director
of the financial statements with the Financial Markets Conduct
Act 2013.                                                             26 August 2025




                                                                                                                                         37
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Independent Auditor’s Report to the Shareholders




Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements


 Opinion                  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of EBOS Group Limited (the ‘Company’) and its
                          subsidiaries (the ‘Group’), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2025, and the
                          consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and
                          statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
                          material accounting policy information.

                          In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on pages 42 to 93, present fairly, in all
                          material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2025, and its consolidated
                          financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents
                          to IFRS Accounting Standards (‘NZ IFRS’) as issued by the External Reporting Board and IFRS Accounting
                          Standards (‘IFRS’) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.


 Basis for Opinion        We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (‘ISAs’) and International
                          Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (‘ISAs (NZ)’). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
                          described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
                          report.

                          We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                          opinion.

                          We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International Code of
                          Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by
                          the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for
                          Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence
                          Standards), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

                          Other than in our capacity as auditor, we have no relationship with or interests in the Company or any of its
                          subsidiaries, except that partners and employees of our firm deal with the Company and its subsidiaries on
                          normal terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries.


 Audit Materiality        We consider materiality primarily in terms of the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements
                          of the Group that in our judgement would make it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably
                          knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced (the ‘quantitative’ materiality). In addition, we also
                          assess whether other matters that come to our attention during the audit would in our judgement change or
                          influence the decisions of such a person (the ‘qualitative’ materiality). We use materiality both in planning the
                          scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work.

                          We determined materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole to be $15m.


 Key Audit Matters        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
                          of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
                          our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                          provide a separate opinion on these matters.




38
                                                                                                                         Financial Statements




Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangible Asset Impairment Assessment

The Group has $2,245m of goodwill and $204m of indefinite life          We considered whether the Group’s methodology for assessing
intangible assets, including brands of $177m, on the balance sheet      impairment is compliant with NZ IAS 36: Impairment of Assets.
at 30 June 2025, as detailed in note B1 to the financial statements.    We focused on testing and challenging the suitability of the models
                                                                        and reasonableness of the assumptions used by the Group in
The carrying values of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets
                                                                        conducting its impairment reviews.
are dependent on the future cash flows expected to be generated
by the underlying businesses, and there is a risk if these cash flows   We also determined those CGU’s which have an increased
do not meet the Group’s expectations that the assets may be             impairment risk based on future growth rates, levels of headroom
impaired.                                                               (value-in-use over carrying value) or where there have been
                                                                        significant changes in operational performance in the year.
The Group tests goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets at
least annually by determining the recoverable amount (the higher        Our procedures included:
of value-in-use or fair value less costs to sell) of the individual
                                                                        • agreeing future cash flows to Board approved forecasts;
assets where possible, or otherwise the cash generating units to
which the assets belong and comparing the recoverable amounts           • challenging the reliability of the Group’s revenue and expense
of the assets to their carrying values.                                    growth rates for selected CGU’s by comparing the forecasts
                                                                           underlying the growth rates to historical forecasts and actual
The impairment assessment models prepared by the Group
                                                                           results of the underlying businesses (where applicable); and
contain a number of significant assumptions. Changes in these
assumptions might lead to a change in the carrying value of             • assessing the reasonableness of key assumptions and changes
indefinite life intangible assets and goodwill.                            to them from previous years.
The Group has assessed the recoverable amount of each cash              We used our internal valuation specialists to assist with
generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs to which goodwill and          evaluating the models and challenging the Group’s key
indefinite life intangibles have been allocated based on value-         assumptions. The procedures of the specialists included:
in-use models. The key assumptions applied in the value-in-use
models are:                                                             • evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methodology;

• annual revenue and expense growth rates for the five year            • testing the mathematical integrity of the models;
   forecast period;                                                     • evaluating the Group’s determination of the pre-tax discount
• pre-tax discount rates; and                                              rates used in the models through consideration of the relevant risk
                                                                           factors for each CGU, the cost of capital for the Group, and market
• terminal growth rates.                                                   data on comparable businesses; and
We have included the impairment assessments of goodwill and             • comparing the terminal growth rates to market data for a sample
indefinite life intangible assets as a key audit matter due to the         of industry sectors.
significance of the balances to the financial statements and the
level of judgement applied by the Group in determining the key          We evaluated the sensitivity analysis performed by management
assumptions used to determine the recoverable amounts.                  to consider the extent to which a change in one or more of the
                                                                        key assumptions could give rise to impairment in the goodwill and
                                                                        indefinite life intangible assets.




                                                                                                                                              39
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Key audit matter                                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Acquisitions

The Group completed three material business combinations              Our procedures, included:
during the period as detailed in Note B2. These acquisitions had a
                                                                      • Obtaining an understanding of the key terms and conditions of
combined consideration of $203m, with the Group recognising total
                                                                         each acquisition by reading the sale and purchase agreements and
goodwill of $169m which includes the acquisitions noted above.
                                                                         supporting documents and through discussions with key personnel;
We have included these acquisitions as a key audit matter due to
                                                                      • Evaluating the measurement of the consideration transferred
the significance of the balances involved, and the subjectivity and
                                                                         including contingent consideration by testing the mathematical
complexity inherent in the application of the requirements of NZ
                                                                         accuracy of the underlying calculation, agreeing the financial
IFRS 3 Business Combinations.
                                                                         projections prepared to the specific financial period specified in
Due to the timing of the acquisitions, detailed valuations to            the agreement and analysing the key assumptions adopted by
determine the fair value of the underlying assets and liabilities        the Group;
acquired has been completed in relation to the acquisition
                                                                      • Assessing the Group’s progress to identify and value intangible
of Pacific Surgical Inc. The acquisition balance sheet for the
                                                                         assets acquired as separate to goodwill for finalised acquisitions,
remaining acquisitions were determined on a provisional basis as
                                                                         and agreeing key assumptions to supporting documentation;
at 30 June 2025.
                                                                      • Recomputing the resulting goodwill to be recognised on acquisition;
The determination of acquisition accounting involves judgement in
the following areas;                                                  • Challenging the Group’s measurement of any put and call options
                                                                         related to non-controlling interests; and
• The valuation of the consideration transferred including
   contingent consideration;                                          • Evaluating the adequacy of disclosures relating to the acquisition in
                                                                         the consolidated financial statements.
• The identification and valuation of the assets acquired and
   liabilities assumed at acquisition date; and

• The measurement of any acquired put and call options in relation
   to non-controlling interests.




40
                                                                                                                          Financial Statements




To the Shareholders of EBOS Group Limited continued


 Other information          The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the other information. The other information comprises
                            the information in the Annual Report that accompanies the consolidated financial statements and the audit
                            report. The Climate Statement which will be issued in September, 2025 as outlined on page 28 in the Annual
                            Report and is expected to be made available to us after the date of the audit report.

                            Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
                            express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                            Our responsibility is to read the other information and consider whether it is materially inconsistent with the
                            consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
                            misstated. If so, we are required to report that fact.

                            When we read the Climate Statement, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are
                            required to communicate the matter to directors and consider further actions.


 Directors’                 The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the
 responsibilities for the   consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as the
 consolidated financial     directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
 statements                 free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                            In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for
                            assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
                            going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate
                            the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


 Auditor’s                  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
 responsibilities           whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
 for the audit of the       includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
 consolidated financial     conducted in accordance with ISAs and ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
 statements                 Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                            they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
                            consolidated financial statements.

                            A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is located on
                            the External Reporting Board’s website at:

                            https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1-1/

                            This description forms part of our auditor’s report.


 Restriction on use         This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit has been undertaken so that we
                            might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report
                            and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
                            anyone other than the Company’s shareholders as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions
                            we have formed.




Bryce Henderson,
Partner for Deloitte Limited
Auckland, New Zealand

26 August 2025




                                                                                                                                                 41
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Consolidated Income Statement

The Consolidated Income Statement presents income earned and expenditure incurred by the Group during the financial year in
determining profit.

                                                                                                              2025               2024
 For the financial year ended 30 June 2025                                                Notes             A$’000             A$’000


 Revenue                                                                                  A1(a)          12,266,898       13,189,054


 Income from associates                                                                   F2                  15,021            12,938


 Earnings before depreciation, amortisation, net finance costs and tax expense (EBITDA)                     555,591           605,595
 Depreciation                                                                             A1(b)            (100,188)          (92,459)
 Amortisation                                                                             A1(b)             (46,714)          (36,412)


 Earnings before net finance costs and tax expense (EBIT)                                                  408,689            476,724
 Finance income                                                                                               7,092              7,320
 Finance costs – borrowings                                                                                (89,416)           (83,290)
 Finance costs – leases                                                                   H6                (24,123)           (17,651)
 Profit before tax expense                                                                                 302,242            383,103
 Tax expense                                                                              A3(a)            (86,477)           (110,018)
 Profit for the year                                                                                        215,765           273,085


 Profit for the year attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                                                       215,138           271,549
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                      627              1,536
                                                                                                            215,765           273,085


 Earnings per share:
 Basic (cents per share)                                                                  A4                  109.7               141.3
 Diluted (cents per share)                                                                A4                  109.0               141.3




Notes to the financial statements are included on pages 48 to 93.



42
                                                                                                                       Financial Statements




Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

The Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income presents profit for the year, plus gains and losses that are not recognised in the
Consolidated Income Statement and instead are required to be taken directly to reserves within equity.

                                                                                                              2025                 2024
 For the financial year ended 30 June 2025                                                                  A$’000               A$’000


 Profit for the year                                                                                        215,765              273,085


 Other comprehensive income
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Movement in Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                         (4,238)              (6,726)
 Related income tax                                                                                            1,126                1,907
 Movement in foreign currency translation reserve                                                            16,359                (7,061)
                                                                                                             13,247               (11,880)


 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Movement on equity instruments fair valued through other comprehensive income                              (23,140)                5,801
 Total comprehensive income net of tax                                                                      205,872              267,006


 Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                                                      204,351               265,716
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                     1,521                1,290
                                                                                                            205,872              267,006




                                                                       Notes to the financial statements are included on pages 48 to 93.



                                                                                                                                        43
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Consolidated Balance Sheet


The Consolidated Balance Sheet presents a summary of the Group’s assets, liabilities and equity at the end of the financial year.

                                                                                                                2025                    2024
 As at 30 June 2025                                                                 Notes                     A$’000                  A$’000

 Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    184,251                 216,883
 Trade and other receivables                                                        C1                       1,513,770              1,494,564
 Prepayments                                                                                                   37,019                  48,756
 Inventories                                                                        C2                      1,345,227               1,210,440
 Current tax refundable                                                                                         5,590                   4,822
 Other financial assets – derivatives                                               G2                            201                   6,727
 Total current assets                                                                                      3,086,058                2,982,192


 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                                      D1                       399,678                 383,909
 Capital work in progress                                                           D2                        120,286                  61,563
 Prepayments                                                                                                    5,324                   1,553
 Deferred tax assets                                                                A3 (b)                    275,876                238,927
 Goodwill                                                                           B1  (a)                 2,244,981               2,067,694
 Indefinite life intangibles                                                        B1  (b)                   203,911                 192,481
 Finite life intangibles                                                            B1  (d)                  360,735                 337,426
 Right of use assets                                                                H6                       485,984                 388,952
 Investment in associates                                                           F2                         66,415                 56,440
 Other financial assets                                                                                        28,997                  32,925
 Total non-current assets                                                                                    4,192,187              3,761,870
 Total assets                                                                                               7,278,245               6,744,062


 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                                           C3                      2,441,354                2,212,533
 Bank loans                                                                         E3                          15,791               765,708
 Lease liabilities                                                                  H6                         65,847                  57,239
 Current tax payable                                                                                            5,807                   6,451
 Employee benefits                                                                                            83,790                   81,848
 Other financial liabilities – derivatives                                          G2                          2,329                     617
 Total current liabilities                                                                                  2,614,918               3,124,396




Notes to the financial statements are included on pages 48 to 93.



44
                                                                                                                    Financial Statements




Consolidated Balance Sheet continued




                                                                                                          2025                  2024
As at 30 June 2025                                                               Notes                  A$’000                A$’000



Non-current liabilities

Bank loans                                                                       E3                    1,086,714              470,102

Lease liabilities                                                                H6                     453,501               349,914

Trade and other payables                                                         C3                      40,498                 36,921

Deferred tax liabilities                                                         A3  (b)                338,265               298,741

Employee benefits                                                                                         11,722               10,489

Other financial liabilities – derivatives                                        G2                       8,800                35,000

Total non-current liabilities                                                                          1,939,500              1,201,167

Total liabilities                                                                                      4,554,418             4,325,563

Net assets                                                                                             2,723,827             2,418,499



Equity

Share capital                                                                    E1                    2,259,578             1,937,210

Share-based payments reserve                                                                             24,373                25,297

Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                    (22,661)              (38,126)

Retained earnings                                                                                       502,059               525,444

Equity instruments fair valued through other comprehensive income                                       (21,042)                   815

Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                  (2,743)                  369

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                          2,739,564             2,451,009

Non-controlling interests                                                        F3                      (15,737)             (32,510)

Total equity                                                                                           2,723,827             2,418,499




                                                                    Notes to the financial statements are included on pages 48 to 93.



                                                                                                                                     45
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

The Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity presents the components of capital and reserves of the Group and explains the
movements in each component during the financial year.

                                                                                                     Equity in-
                                                                                                    struments
                                                                                                   fair valued
                                                                           Foreign                    through
                                                                 Share-   currency                 other com-                      Non-
                                                                 based      trans-                 prehensive     Cash flow         con-
                                                   Share      payments       lation    Retained        income        hedge       trolling
                                                  capital       reserve    reserve     earnings        reserve      reserve    interests       Total
                                         Notes    A$’000        A$’000     A$’000       A$’000         A$’000       A$’000       A$’000      A$’000


Balance at 1 July 2023                           1,889,863       16,210     (31,311)    559,428        (4,986)        5,188    (131,032)    2,303,360

Profit for the year                                      -            -           -     271,549               -           -        1,536     273,085

Other comprehensive income
                                                         -            -      (6,815)           -          5,801      (4,819)       (246)      (6,079)
for the year, net of tax
Payment of dividends                     E2              -            -           -    (203,675)              -           -            -    (203,675)

Movement in option over
                                         F3              -            -           -            -              -           -      (4,626)      (4,626)
non-controlling interests

Transfer of non-controlling interests    F3              -            -           -      32,768               -           -     (32,768)            -

Partial derecognition of option over
                                         F3              -            -           -    (134,626)              -           -     134,626             -
non-controlling interests

Share-based payments                                     -       9,087            -            -              -           -            -       9,087

Dividends reinvested                     E1        45,736             -           -            -              -           -            -      45,736

Employee share plan shares issued        E1         1,808             -           -            -              -           -            -        1,808

Employee share issue costs               E1          (197)            -           -            -              -           -            -        (197)

Balance at 30 June 2024                           1,937,210      25,297    (38,126)     525,444            815         369      (32,510)    2,418,499



Balance at 1 July 2024                           1,937,210       25,297    (38,126)     525,444            815         369      (32,510)    2,418,499

Profit for the year                                      -            -           -      215,138             -            -          627      215,765

Other comprehensive income for the
year, net of tax                                         -            -     15,465             -       (23,140)      (3,112)        894       (9,893)

Payment of dividends                     E2              -            -           -    (207,725)             -            -            -    (207,725)

Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries   B2              -            -           -            -             -            -         866          866

Option over non-controlling interests                    -            -           -            -             -            -      (15,129)     (15,129)

Transfer to retained earnings                            -            -           -       10,531         1,283            -      (11,814)           -

Derecognition of option over
                                         F3              -            -           -     (41,329)             -            -       41,329            -
non-controlling interests

Share-based payments                                     -        (924)           -            -             -            -            -        (924)

Share placement                          E1      200,508              -           -            -             -            -            -    200,508

Retail offer                             E1        53,826             -           -            -             -            -            -      53,826

Share placement and retail offer costs   E1        (6,183)            -           -           -              -            -            -      (6,183)

Dividends reinvested                     E1        72,589             -           -           -              -            -            -      72,589

Employee share plan shares issued        E1         1,848             -           -           -              -            -            -        1,848

Employee share issue costs               E1         (220)             -           -           -              -            -            -        (220)

Balance at 30 June 2025                          2,259,578       24,373    (22,661)     502,059        (21,042)      (2,743)     (15,737)   2,723,827



Notes to the financial statements are included on pages 48 to 93.



46
                                                                                                                        Financial Statements




Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

The Consolidated Cash Flow Statement presents the cash generated and used by the Group during the financial year.


                                                                                                               2025                  2024
For the financial year ended 30 June 2025                                            Notes                   A$’000                A$’000



Cash flows from operating activities

Receipts from sale of goods and services                                                                   12,297,831             13,198,911

Interest received                                                                                              7,092                 7,320

Dividends received from associates                                                   F2                        8,594                 11,929

Payments for purchase of goods and services                                                              (11,698,998)          (12,665,460)

Taxes paid                                                                                                  (82,477)             (103,523)

Interest paid                                                                                               (113,539)            (100,941)

Net cash inflow from operating activities                                            E5                      418,503              348,236



Cash flows from investing activities

Sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                            228                    418

 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                  (29,553)               (61,559)

 Payments for capital work in progress                                                                      (95,594)              (34,340)

 Payments for intangible assets                                                                             (20,832)              (22,939)

 Investment in associates                                                            F2                        (602)               (2,038)

 Acquisition of businesses                                                           B2                    (202,492)             (246,893)

 Investment in other financial assets                                                                       (20,005)               (10,771)

 Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                                              (368,850)              (378,122)



 Cash flows from financing activities

 Proceeds from issue of shares                                                       E1                      249,779                   1,611

 Proceeds from borrowings                                                            E5                     1,417,046              484,222

 Repayment of borrowings                                                             E5                   (1,558,065)             (226,727)

 Repayment of lease liabilities                                                      H6                      (56,613)             (68,649)

 Dividends paid to equity holders of parent (excluding Dividend Reinvestment Plan)                         (137,043)              (156,128)

 Net cash (outflow)/inflow from financing activities                                                        (84,896)                34,329



 Net (decrease)/increase in cash held                                                                       (35,243)                 4,443

 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                                              2,611                  554

 Net cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                  216,883                211,886

 Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                        184,251               216,883




                                                                        Notes to the financial statements are included on pages 48 to 93.



                                                                                                                                          47
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025.


Introducing this report
The notes to the financial statements include information that is considered relevant and material to assist the reader in the understanding
of the financial performance and financial position of EBOS Group Limited and its controlled entities (together “the Group” or “EBOS”).

Information is considered relevant and material if:

• the amount is significant because of its size and nature;
• it is important to assist the readers understanding of the results of EBOS;
• it helps to explain to the reader the changes in the business and/or operations of EBOS; or
• it relates to an aspect of operations that is important to the future performance of EBOS.

EBOS Group Limited (‘the Company’) is a profit-oriented company incorporated in New Zealand, registered under the Companies Act 1993
and dual listed on both the New Zealand Stock Exchange and the Australian Securities Exchange.




Basis of preparation                                                       Critical accounting estimates and judgements

        The financial statements have been prepared in                             In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies
        accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice                     and the application of accounting standards, EBOS has
        (‘GAAP’). They comply with New Zealand Equivalents to IFRS                 made a number of judgements and estimates.
        Accounting Standards (‘NZ IFRS’) as issued by the External                 The estimates and underlying assumptions are based
        Reporting Board and IFRS Accounting Standards (‘IFRS’)                     on historic experience and various other factors that are
        as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board                  considered to be appropriate under the circumstances.
        for profit-oriented entities.
                                                                                   Therefore, there is an inherent risk that actual results may
        EBOS is a Tier 1 for-profit entity in terms of the New Zealand             subsequently differ from the estimates made.
        External Reporting Board Standard A1.
                                                                                   These estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
        The Company is an FMC reporting entity for the purposes                    on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
        of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, and its financial               are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised
        statements comply with this Act.                                           if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
                                                                                   the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
        The financial statements have been prepared on the basis
                                                                                   current and future periods.
        of historical cost, except for the revaluation of certain
        financial instruments. Cost is based on the fair value of the              Judgements and estimates that are considered material to
        consideration given in exchange for assets.                                understanding the performance of EBOS are found in the
                                                                                   relevant notes to the financial statements. Key judgements
        The information is presented in thousands of Australian
                                                                                   have been made in regard to assumptions that support
        dollars, unless otherwise stated.
                                                                                   the impairment assessment for goodwill and indefinite life
                                                                                   intangibles (note B1) and business combination accounting
                                                                                   (note B2 and note F3).




48
                                                                                                                         Financial Statements




Introducing this report continued


Basis of consolidation                                                           Transactions and balances

        The Group’s financial statements comprise the financial                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the
        statements of EBOS Group Limited, the parent company,                    functional currency using the exchange rate on the date
        combined with all the entities that comprise the Group,                  of the transaction. At each balance sheet date, monetary
        being its subsidiaries (listed in note F1) and its share of              assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign
        associate investments (listed in note F2). The financial                 currencies are translated at the rates prevailing on the
        statements of the members of the Group, including                        balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
        associates, are prepared for the same reporting period as                that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
        the parent company, using consistent accounting policies.                currency are not retranslated.

        Subsidiaries are consolidated on the date on which control               Exchange differences arising on the settlement of
        is obtained to the date on which control is lost.                        monetary items, and on the translation of monetary items,
                                                                                 are included in the Consolidated Income Statement for
        The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of                      the period.
        during the year are included in the Consolidated Income
        Statement from the effective date of acquisition or up to                Foreign operations
        the effective date of disposal, as appropriate.                          On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of EBOS’
                                                                                 overseas operations are translated at the exchange rate
        All significant inter-company transactions and balances
                                                                                 at the reporting date. Income and expense items are
        are eliminated on consolidation.
                                                                                 translated at the average rates for the period. Exchange
                                                                                 differences arising are recognised in the foreign currency
Adopting of new and revised standards and interpretations                        translation reserve (in equity) and recognised in profit or
        The Group has adopted all new accounting standards                       loss on disposal of the foreign operation.
        that have become effective during the current year. The                  Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the
        adoption of these new standards has had no impact upon                   acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets
        these financial statements.                                              and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the
        In May 2024, the New Zealand Accounting Standards                        exchange rate at the reporting date.
        Board (NZASB) approved NZ IFRS 18 Presentation and
        Disclosure of Financial Statements (IFRS 18) for application     Other accounting policies
        by Tier 1 and Tier 2 for-profit entities preparing financial
                                                                                 Other accounting policies that are relevant to the
        statements for periods beginning on or after 1 January
                                                                                 readers understanding of the financial statements are
        2027. IFRS 18 changes how entities present the primary
                                                                                 included throughout the following notes to the financial
        financial statements and make disclosures in the notes to
                                                                                 statements.
        the financial statements. The transition provisions of IFRS 18
        require retrospective application. The Group is continuing
        to assess the full impact of adopting IFRS 18.

Foreign currency

        Functional currency
        The financial statements of each of the Group’s entities
        are measured using the currency of the primary economic
        environment in which that entity operates (“the functional
        currency”).




                                                                                                                                               49
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

For the financial year ended 30 June 2025.


Section A: EBOS performance

            Section Overview

            This section explains the financial performance of EBOS by:

            a) displaying additional information about individual items in the Consolidated Income Statement;
            b) presenting further analysis of EBOS’ operating segments by revenue and expenses; and
            c) p
                roviding an analysis of the components of EBOS’ tax balances for the year and the current imputation credit
               account balance.




A1. Revenue and expenses

(a) Revenue

Revenue consisted of the following items:

                                                                                                       2025                              2024
                                                                                                     A$’000                            A$’000


 Community Pharmacy                                                                               6,456,259                         7,809,802

 Institutional Healthcare                                                                         4,342,369                         4,004,660

 Contract Logistics Services                                                                         142,790                          139,604

 Contract Logistics Sales                                                                           863,988                            866,126

 Interdivisional eliminations                                                                      (211,944)                          (210,182)

 Healthcare                                                                                       11,593,462                        12,610,010

 Animal Care                                                                                        673,436                           579,044

                                                                                                 12,266,898                         13,189,054


         Recognition and measurement

         Community Pharmacy and Institutional Healthcare
         Revenue is derived from the supply of human healthcare products to pharmacies, hospitals, aged care facilities, supermarkets
         and other healthcare providers in Australia, New Zealand and Southeast Asia markets. This includes the supply of agency
         products and EBOS’ own branded human healthcare products distributed by the Group’s branded distribution businesses.
         Following delivery of the goods, the customer obtains control as it has full discretion over the manner of distribution and price to
         sell the goods, has the primary responsibility when on selling the goods and bears the risks of loss in relation to the goods.

         A receivable is recognised by the Group when it passes control of the goods, which is when the goods are delivered to the customer
         as this represents the point in time at which the right to consideration becomes unconditional, as only the passage of time is
         required before payment is made.

         The transaction price may be adjusted for customers who pay their account in full, earlier than what standard credit terms
         would require, or for incremental costs incurred in obtaining a sales contract which are recognised over the contractual period.
         Under the Group’s standard terms with customers, product returns, refunds and provision for warranties are in accordance with
         local requirements. Accumulated experience has been used to determine that such returns are not significant.




50
                                                                                                                Financial Statements




A1. Revenue and expenses continued                                      Animal Care

(a) Revenue continued                                                   Revenue is derived from the supply of animal care products
                                                                        to pet retail, grocery and vet clinics across Australia and
        Recognition and measurement                                     New Zealand. This includes EBOS’ own manufactured and
                                                                        contract manufactured animal care products. Upon delivery
        Contract Logistics                                              of the goods, the customer assumes full control as it has
        Sales: Sales consist of the sale of human healthcare            complete discretion over the manner of distribution and
        products to a wide range of healthcare customers                pricing of goods, has the primary responsibility when on-
        (wholesalers, pharmacies, hospitals and medical centres),       selling the goods and bears the risks of loss in relation to the
        in accordance with agreed terms with the customer.              goods.
        A receivable is recognised by the Group when it passes
                                                                        A receivable is recognised by the Group when it passes
        control of the goods, as this represents the point in time at
                                                                        control of the goods, which is when the goods are delivered
        which the right to consideration becomes unconditional,
                                                                        to the customer as this represents the point in time at which
        as only the passage of time is required before payment is
                                                                        the right to consideration becomes unconditional, as only
        made.
                                                                        the passage of time is required before payment is made.
        Under our standard terms with customers product
                                                                        Under the Group’s standard terms with customers
        returns, refunds and provision for warranties provided
                                                                        product returns, refunds and provision for warranties
        are in accordance with local requirements. Accumulated
                                                                        are in accordance with local requirements. Accumulated
        experience has been used to determine that such returns
                                                                        experience has been used to determine that such returns are
        are not significant.
                                                                        not significant.
        Service fees: Revenue is derived from the provision of
        logistics services for a fee to healthcare manufacturers
        for their operating activities in Australia and New
        Zealand. Service fees are typically charged for storage
        of manufacturer’s inventory holdings and pick, pack and
        delivery services provided over a period of time, typically
        on a monthly basis, as specified within contractual rates
        agreed with the manufacturer.

        The performance obligation is satisfied either at a point in
        time (sales) or over time (service fees), at which point the
        right to consideration becomes unconditional, as only the
        passage of time is required before payment is made.




                                                                                                                                      51
EBOS Annual Report 2025




A1. Revenue and expenses continued

(b) Expenses

Profit before tax expense has been arrived at after charging the following expenses by nature:

                                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                                     A$’000                A$’000

 Merger and acquisition costs                                                                                        (11,355)              (10,100)

 Restructuring and site transition costs                                                                             (18,075)              (8,648)

 Cost of sales                                                                                                   (10,622,311)          (11,546,832)

 Writedown of inventory                                                                                               (7,415)               (9,316)

 Impairment reversal/(loss) on trade and other receivables                                                              1,018                 (461)

 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                       (33,181)             (30,325)

 Depreciation on right of use assets                                                                                (67,007)               (62,134)

 Amortisation (non-cash) of finite life intangibles attributable to acquisition fair value adjustments               (26,912)              (26,181)

 Amortisation of other finite life intangibles                                                                      (19,802)               (10,231)

 Short-term and low value asset leases                                                                               (11,044)             (10,333)

 Donations                                                                                                             (800)                 (698)

 Employee benefit expense                                                                                          (534,381)             (521,864)

 Defined contribution plan expense                                                                                   (42,183)             (34,708)

 Freight                                                                                                            (171,561)            (167,033)

 Other expenses                                                                                                    (308,221)            (286,404)

 Total expenses                                                                                                  (11,873,230)          (12,725,268)



Recognition and measurement

           Impairment
           EBOS reviews the recoverable amount of its tangible and intangible assets, including goodwill, at each balance date. If the
           carrying value of an asset exceeds the recoverable amount, an impairment expense is recognised in the income statement.
           The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and the present value of future cash flows expected
           to be generated by the asset (value in use).
           For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash
           flows (CGU).
           Depreciation and amortisation
           Depreciation is provided for on a straight line basis on all property, plant and equipment other than freehold land,
           at depreciation rates calculated to allocate the assets’ cost less estimated residual value, over their estimated useful lives.
           Refer to note D1 for the useful lives used in the calculation of depreciation.
           Amortisation is charged on a straight line basis over the estimated useful life of finite life intangibles. Refer to note B1(d) for the
           useful lives used in the calculation of amortisation.
           Short term and low value asset leases
           EBOS leases certain land, buildings, plant and equipment.
           The Group has elected not to recognise right of use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases and low value asset leases.
           The Group recognises the lease payments associated with the leases as an expense (recognised within other expenses in the
           Income Statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term).




52
                                                                                                                     Financial Statements




A1. Revenue and expenses continued

(b) Expenses continued

          Employee expenses
          Provision is made for benefits owing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave, long service leave and
          employee incentives for services rendered. Provisions are recognised when it is probable they will be settled and can be
          measured reliably. They are carried at the remuneration rate expected to apply at the time of settlement and discounted to
          the present value of the expected payment to the employee at balance date.
          Net finance costs
          Finance costs include bank interest and amortisation of costs incurred in connection with borrowing facilities. Finance costs
          are expensed immediately as incurred, using the effective interest method, unless they relate to acquisition and development
          of qualifying assets, in which case they are capitalised.
          Interest income is recognised on a time-proportionate basis using the effective interest method.



A2. Segment information

(a) Reportable segments and Corporate




  Healthcare Segment                                 Animal Care Segment                            Corporate
  Sales of healthcare products in a                  Sales of animal care products in a             Includes net funding costs and
  range of sectors, own brands, retail               range of sectors, own manufactured             central administration expenses
  healthcare, pharmacy, hospital                     and contract manufactured brands,              that have not been allocated to
  and logistic services and wholesale                retail, and wholesale activities.              the Healthcare or Animal Care
  activities.                                                                                       segments.



EBOS’ major products and services are allocated consistently with the reportable segments, i.e. Healthcare and Animal Care, with no major
products and services allocated to Corporate.

(b) Segment revenues and results

The following is an analysis of EBOS’ revenue and results by reportable segment and Corporate:

Revenue from external customers (A$’000)



2025                                          2024




  Healthcare 95% $11,593,462                    Healthcare 96% $12,610,010
  Animal Care 5% $673,436                       Animal Care 4% $579,044




                                                                                                                                        53
EBOS Annual Report 2025




A2. Segment information continued

(b) Segment revenues and results continued

EBITDA (A$’000)


           $472,155      $537,485                    $122,532       $103,987               ($39,096)      ($35,877)




               Healthcare                                Animal Care                            Corporate
                                                          2025          2024



Net profit/(loss) after tax for the year attributable to owners of the Company (A$’000)


          $243,848       $300,631                     $77,258       $68,776               ($105,968)      ($97,858)




               Healthcare                                Animal Care                            Corporate
                                                          2025          2024


Associate information:

                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                 A$’000               A$’000

 Included in the segment results above is income from associates:

 Animal Care                                                                                       8,050              10,452

 Healthcare                                                                                            6,971           2,486

 Total income from associates                                                                      15,021              12,938




54
                                                                                                                       Financial Statements




A2. Segment information continued

(b) Segment revenues and results continued

The following is an analysis of other financial information by reportable segment and Corporate:

                                                             Healthcare                    Animal Care                    Corporate

                                                            2025             2024          2025            2024          2025           2024
                                                          A$’000           A$’000        A$’000          A$’000        A$’000         A$’000

 Revenue from external customers                        11,593,462     12,610,010        673,436        579,044              -               -

 EBITDA                                                    472,155        537,485        122,532         103,987      (39,096)        (35,877)

 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment            (28,806)        (26,193)        (4,375)         (4,132)            -               -

 Depreciation on right of use assets                      (58,369)        (55,102)        (7,710)        (5,978)         (928)         (1,054)

 Amortisation (non-cash) of finite life intangibles
                                                          (26,912)         (26,181)             -              -             -               -
 attributable to acquisition fair value adjustments

 Amortisation of finite life intangibles                   (18,911)        (9,578)          (891)          (653)             -               -

 EBIT                                                      339,157        420,431        109,556         93,224       (40,024)        (36,931)

 Net finance costs                                               -                -             -              -     (106,447)        (93,621)

 Tax (expense)/benefit                                    (94,682)        (118,264)      (32,298)       (24,448)       40,503          32,694

 Profit for the year                                      244,475          302,167        77,258         68,776      (105,968)        (97,858)

 Non-controlling interests                                   (627)          (1,536)             -              -             -               -

 Profit for the year attributable to owners
 of the Company                                           243,848         300,631         77,258         68,776      (105,968)        (97,858)



(c) Geographical information

EBOS operates in two principal geographical areas: (i) Australia and (ii) New Zealand (country of domicile) and Southeast Asia.

EBOS’ revenue from external customers by geographical location and information about its segment assets (non-current assets),
excluding investment in associates and deferred tax assets, are detailed below:



                                                              Australia                  New Zealand and                    Group
                                                                                          Southeast Asia

                                                            2025             2024          2025            2024          2025           2024
                                                          A$’000           A$’000        A$’000          A$’000        A$’000         A$’000

 Continuing operations

 Revenue from external customers                         9,447,342     10,647,831      2,819,556       2,541,223    12,266,898      13,189,054



 Non-current assets                                      3,001,745     2,843,070         848,151        623,433     3,849,896       3,466,503




                                                                                                                                            55
EBOS Annual Report 2025




A2. Segment information continued

(d) Information about major customers

No revenues from transactions that are with a single customer amount to 10% or more of EBOS’ revenues (2024: Nil).

        Recognition and measurement

        The reportable segments of EBOS have been identified in accordance with NZ IFRS 8 ‘Operating Segments’.

        The Group’s operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports about components of the Group that are regularly
        reviewed by the chief operating decision-maker in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess its performance.

        The accounting policies of EBOS have been consistently applied to the operating segments. Profit before depreciation,
        amortisation, net finance costs and tax expense (EBITDA) is the measure reported to the chief operating decision-maker (CODM)
        for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Assets are not allocated to operating segments as
        they are not reported to the chief operating decision-maker at a segment level.



A3. Taxation

(a) Tax expense recognised in Consolidated Income Statement


                                                                                                            2025                    2024
                                                                                                          A$’000                  A$’000

 Tax expense comprises:

 Current tax expense:

 Current year                                                                                             83,964                  108,948

 Adjustments for prior years                                                                              (4,763)                  (2,762)

                                                                                                           79,201                  106,186



 Deferred tax expense/(credit):

 Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                            179                     5,737

 Adjustments for prior years                                                                                7,097                  (1,905)

                                                                                                            7,276                     3,832

 Total tax expense                                                                                         86,477                  110,018


 The prima facie income tax expense on pre-tax accounting profit from operations reconciles to the income tax expense in the financial
 statements as follows:

 Profit before tax expense                                                                               302,242                  383,103

 Tax expense calculated at 28% (2024: 28%)                                                                84,628                   107,269

 Non-deductible expenses                                                                                   5,083                      8,716

 Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in overseas jurisdictions                          2,029                     4,272

 Over provision of tax expense in prior years                                                               2,334                  (4,667)

 Other adjustments                                                                                         (7,597)                 (5,572)

 Total tax expense                                                                                         86,477                  110,018


The tax rates used are principally the corporate tax rates of 28% (2024: 28%) payable by New Zealand and 30% (2024: 30%) payable by
Australian corporate entities on taxable profits under tax law in each jurisdiction.




56
                                                                                                                     Financial Statements




A3. Taxation continued

(b) Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Taxable and deductible temporary differences arise from the following:


                                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                                                                                         A$’000                    A$’000

 Gross deferred tax liabilities:

 Property, plant and equipment                                                                            28,360                     9,698

 Other payables                                                                                            6,999                     3,670

 Other financial liabilities – derivatives                                                                    32                       857

 Right of use assets                                                                                     144,054                    116,573

 Intangible assets                                                                                       158,820                   167,943

 Total gross deferred tax liabilities                                                                   338,265                     298,741


 Gross deferred tax assets:

 Property, plant and equipment                                                                            24,844                     9,301

 Other payables                                                                                           72,204                    80,954

 Other financial assets – derivatives                                                                      1,458                       287

 Lease liabilities                                                                                       154,133                   123,906

 Intangible assets                                                                                        23,084                    24,288

 Tax losses carried forward                                                                                  153                        191

 Total gross deferred tax assets                                                                         275,876                   238,927


 Summary of net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) by jurisdictions

 Australia                                                                                               (53,216)                  (50,536)

 New Zealand                                                                                             (11,687)                  (10,488)

 Southeast Asia                                                                                            2,514                      1,210

 Total net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                                                            (62,389)                   (59,814)



(c) Imputation credit account balances

                                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                                                                                         A$’000                    A$’000

 Imputation credit account balances
 Imputation credits available directly and indirectly to
 shareholders of the parent company:                                                                      11,800                     13,158



Imputation credits allow EBOS to pass on to its shareholders the benefit of the New Zealand income tax it has paid by attaching imputation
credits to the dividends it distributes, reducing shareholders’ net tax obligations.




                                                                                                                                         57
EBOS Annual Report 2025




A3. Taxation continued

        Recognition and measurement                                         Amendments to NZ IAS 12 Income Taxes (NZ IAS 12) –
                                                                            International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules
        Taxable profit differs from profit before tax reported in
        the Consolidated Income Statement as it excludes items              The Group adopted the amendment to NZ IAS 12 in the prior year.
        of income and expense that are taxable or deductible in             The amendment clarifies that the Standard applies to income
        other years (temporary differences) and also excludes               taxes arising from tax law enacted to implement the Pillar Two
        items that will never be taxable or deductible (permanent           model rules published by the OECD, including tax law that
        differences).                                                       implements qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes described
                                                                            in those rules.
        Income tax expense components are current income tax
        and deferred tax.                                                   The Group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two Model
                                                                            Rules. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted in New Zealand
        Deferred tax is income tax that is expected to be payable
                                                                            and will come into effect for the Group from 1 July 2025. For some
        or recoverable in the future as a result of the unwinding of
                                                                            entities within the Group, such as subsidiaries in Australia and
        temporary differences. These arise from differences in the
                                                                            Vietnam, the Pillar Two rules came into effect from 1 July 2024.
        recognition of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
                                                                            Under Pillar Two legislation, the Group may be liable to pay a
        and for the filing of income tax returns.
                                                                            top-up tax where the effective tax rate per jurisdiction is below
        Deferred tax is recognised on all temporary differences,            the 15% minimum rate. The Group has performed an assessment
        other than those arising:                                           of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes based on
                                                                            the financial information for the year ended 30 June 2025, which
        • from goodwill;                                                    showed that no top-up tax exposure should arise for the Group.
        • from the initial recognition of assets and liabilities in a      This is on the basis that the Safe Harbour rules can be relied upon
           transaction (other than in a business combination) that          in each jurisdiction that the Group operates in where Pillar Two is
           affects neither the accounting nor taxable profit or loss; and   applicable.
        • investments in associates and subsidiaries where                 Under the Australian Pillar Two legislation, the Undertaxed Profits
           EBOS is able to control the reversal of the temporary            Rule does not come into effect for the Group until 1 July 2025.
           differences and such differences are not expected to             As such, the Pillar Two rules will not apply for the current year to
           reverse in the foreseeable future.                               entities within the Group that is not held directly or indirectly by
        Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected       an Australian Constituent Entity, such as subsidiaries in China and
        to apply to the year when a liability is settled or an asset        United States of America. These entities will however be subject to
        realised, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been            the Pillar Two rules from 1 July 2025 when the Pillar Two rules come
        enacted or substantively enacted at balance date.                   into effect in New Zealand.

        A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent it is              The Group is making use of the temporary exemption resulting
        probable that future taxable profits will be available to           from the implementation of the Pillar Two regulations, which
        use the asset. This is reviewed at each balance date and            was included in the amendment of NZ IAS 12 published in May
        reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that            2023 under which it does not have to recognise deferred taxes in
        sufficient taxable profits will be available in the future to       relation to Pillar Two.
        utilise the deferred tax asset.



A4. Earnings per share

                                                                                            Basic earnings               Diluted earnings
                                                                                              per share                      per share

                                                                                              2025           2024          2025             2024


 Earnings used in the calculation of
 total earnings per share                                                   A$’000         215,138        271,549        215,138       271,549


 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for                                No.
 the purposes of calculating earnings per share                             (000’s)        196,073        192,168        197,361       192,168

 Earnings per share                                                          Cents           109.7           141.3        109.0             141.3

         Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the shareholders of the company by the weighted
         average number of ordinary shares on issue during the year excluding shares held as treasury stock. Diluted earnings per share
         assumes conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares in determining the denominator.




58
                                                                                                                           Financial Statements




Section B: Key judgements made

           Section Overview

           This section identifies the balances and transactions to which key judgements have been made by EBOS in the
           preparation of these financial statements. Key judgements have been made in regards to the estimates for future cash
           flows for goodwill and indefinite life intangibles impairment assessment purposes, and the identification of intangible
           assets and recognition of goodwill for business acquisitions.




B1. Goodwill and intangibles

(a) Goodwill

                                                                      Notes                                  2025                           2024
                                                                                                           A$’000                         A$’000

 Gross carrying amount

 Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                  2,067,694                      1,976,368

 Recognised from business acquisitions during the year                B2                                    168,726                       93,450

 Effects of foreign currency exchange and other differences                                                   8,561                        (2,124)

 Net book value                                                                                          2,244,981                      2,067,694



         Recognition and measurement

         Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a subsidiary is recognised as an asset at the date that control is acquired (the acquisition
         date). Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests
         in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously-held equity interest (if any) in the acquiree over the fair value of the
         identifiable net assets recognised.

         Goodwill is not amortised; however, it is reviewed for impairment at least annually. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill
         is allocated to each of EBOS’ CGUs or groups of CGUs expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

         CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that
         the unit may be impaired. The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. If the recoverable
         amount of the CGU is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is first allocated to reduce the carrying amount of any
         goodwill and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis. Any impairment loss on goodwill is recognised immediately in
         profit or loss and is not subsequently reversed.




                                                                                                                                                59
EBOS Annual Report 2025




B1. Goodwill and intangibles continued

(b) Indefinite life intangibles

                                                         TerryWhite          Other                    Animal
                                                         Chemmart       Healthcare   Franchise          Care       Healthcare
                                                             Brands        Brands     Network         Brands      Trademarks           Total
                                                             A$’000        A$’000      A$’000         A$’000          A$’000         A$’000

Gross carrying amount

Balance at 1 July 2023                                       36,538         82,818       10,954        24,968          15,830         171,108

Acquisitions                                                       -             -            -        21,863                -        21,863

Effects of foreign currency exchange and
other differences                                                  -          (98)            -          (318)            (74)         (490)

Balance at 30 June 2024                                      36,538         82,720       10,954        46,513           15,756       192,481



Acquisitions                                                       -             -            -        10,396                -        10,396

Effects of foreign currency exchange
and other differences                                              -          334             -           445             255          1,034

Balance at 30 June 2025                                      36,538        83,054        10,954        57,354           16,011       203,911



         Recognition and measurement

         Indefinite life intangible assets represent purchased brands, trademarks and a franchise network asset that are initially
         recognised at fair value. These intangible assets are tested annually for impairment on the same basis as for goodwill.

         Judgement: useful lives of indefinite life intangible assets

         The Directors have assessed these brands, trademarks and a franchise network asset as having an indefinite useful life. In coming
         to this conclusion, the expected expansion of these assets across other products and markets, the typical product life cycle of
         these assets, the stability of the industry in which the assets are operating, the level of maintenance expenditure required and the
         period of legal control over these assets have been considered.




60
                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements




B1. Goodwill and intangibles continued

(c) Cash-generating units

The carrying amount of goodwill and indefinite life intangibles allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs is as follows:


                                                                                                           Goodwill             Indefinite life intangibles

                                                                                                          2025          2024          2025            2024
                                                                                                        A$’000        A$’000        A$’000          A$’000



 Healthcare Australia 1                                                                                733,145        712,631        9,059            9,059

 Healthcare New Zealand 2                                                                                73,136        71,697        21,024          20,689

 Healthcare: Pharmacy/Logistics NZ          3
                                                                                                        88,256         86,852       16,009            15,755

 Healthcare: TerryWhite Group 4                                                                         70,430        56,836         47,492          47,492

 Healthcare: Medical Technology 5                                                                       971,797       928,837        52,973          52,973

 Animal Care     6
                                                                                                       308,217        210,841        57,354          46,513

                                                                                                      2,244,981   2,067,694         203,911         192,481


1 Australian Consumer, Hospital, Pharmacy, Primary Healthcare sectors.
2 New Zealand Consumer, Hospital, Primary Healthcare, Aged Care and International Product Supplies.
3 New Zealand Pharmacy Wholesaler and Logistic Services.
4 Australia – Terry White Group.
5 Australia, New Zealand and Southeast Asia Medical Technology.
6 Australia and New Zealand Animal Care.


For the year ended 30 June 2025, the Directors have determined that there is no impairment of any of the CGUs containing goodwill, brands,
trademarks or the franchise network asset (2024: Nil).



           Key judgement: impairment assessment assumption
           The recoverable amounts of cash generating units are determined on the basis of value in use calculations. The recoverable
           amount calculations are most sensitive to changes in the following assumptions:

             Revenue                       Estimated by management based on revenue achieved in the period immediately before the start of the
                                           assessment period and adjusted each year for any anticipated growth.

             Operating costs               Estimated by management based on current trends at the start of the assessment period and adjusted
                                           for expected changes in the business or sector in which the business operates.

             Discount rates                Estimated by management based on a current market assessment of the time value of money, cost of
                                           capital and risks specific to the asset or CGU to which the cash flows generated by that asset or CGU
                                           are being assessed.




                                                                                                                                                              61
EBOS Annual Report 2025




B1. Goodwill and intangibles continued

(c) Cash-generating units continued

        Key estimate: value in use calculation

        The value in use calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by the Board and management
        covering a five year period, including terminal value, and management’s past experience. The following estimates were used in the
        value in use calculation:


                                                                                                                  2025                      2024

         Goodwill

         Annual revenue growth rates                                                                       3.3% - 6.5%                3.0% - 7.0%

         Allowance for increases in expenses                                                               3.5% - 5.3%                2.8% - 5.5%

         Pre-tax discount rates                                                                            9.2% - 12.9%             10.0% - 13.6%

         Terminal growth rate                                                                                     2.5%                       2.5%




        Key estimate: fair value calculation

        The Group monitors the fair value of its indefinite life intangibles using the relief from royalty method. The following estimates were
        used:

                                                                                                                2025                        2024

         Indefinite life intangibles

         Annual revenue growth rates                                                                      3.0% - 7.5%                3.0% - 8.0%

         Allowance for increases in expenses                                                              3.5% - 5.3%                2.8% - 5.0%

         Royalty rate                                                                                     1.0% - 11.8%               1.0% - 11.8%

         Pre-tax discount rates                                                                          9.4% - 18.1%              10.9% - 18.0%

         Terminal growth rate                                                                                    2.5%                       2.5%


        Management has carried out a sensitivity analysis and believe that any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions would
        not cause the book value of any CGUs or groups of CGUs to exceed their recoverable amount.




62
                                                                                                                             Financial Statements




B1. Goodwill and intangibles continued

(d) Finite life intangibles




                                                                                                  Supply
                                                                                                contracts               Other                Total
                                                                                                  A$’000               A$’000              A$’000



 Gross carrying amount                                                                             341,711             179,641              521,352

 Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                         (55,905)             (128,021)           (183,926)

 Balance at 30 June 2024                                                                          285,806               51,620             337,426




 Gross carrying amount                                                                           344,204               231,914              576,118

 Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                          (82,515)           (132,868)            (215,383)

 Balance at 30 June 2025                                                                          261,689              99,046              360,735



 Aggregate amortisation recognised as an expense during the year:

                                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                                       A$’000              A$’000



 Supply contracts 1                                                                                                     26,912               26,181

 Other                                                                                                                  19,802               10,231

                                                                                                                        46,714               36,412

1 Non-cash amortisation of intangibles recognised on acquisitions.


           Recognition and measurement

           Finite life intangible assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is charged on a straight line basis
           over their estimated useful life.

           Other finite life intangible assets comprise primarily software.

           Judgement: Useful lives of finite life intangible assets

           In determining the estimated useful life of finite life intangible assets (of a period of between one to 20 years) the following
           characteristics have been assessed: (i) expected expansion of the usage of the assets, (ii) the typical product life cycle of these
           assets, (iii) the stability of the industry in which the assets are operating, and (iv) the level of maintenance expenditure required.
           The estimated useful life and amortisation period is reviewed at the end of each annual reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                    63
EBOS Annual Report 2025




B1. Goodwill and intangibles continued

(e) Goodwill and intangibles accounting policies

         Accounting policies

         At each balance sheet date, EBOS reviews the carrying amounts of its non-current assets to determine whether there is any
         indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is
         estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where the asset does not generate cash flows that are
         independent from other assets, EBOS estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

         Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
         flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
         of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

         If the recoverable amount of an asset (CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset
         (CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately.

         Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, other than for Goodwill, the carrying amount of the asset (CGU) is increased to
         the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but only to the extent that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the
         carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (CGU) in prior years.
         A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income immediately. Impairment losses cannot be reversed for goodwill.




B2. Acquisition information

The following material acquisitions of subsidiaries took place during the year:


                                                                                                                                        Cost of
                                                                                Principal                   Date of                  acquisition
 Name of business acquired                                                      activities               acquisition                    A$’000

 2025

 100% of the business assets and liabilities of                               Healthcare            November 2024                        46,474
 Pacific Surgical Inc. (Pacific Surgical)

 100% of the equity interest in SVS Veterinary                              Animal Care                  March 2025                     134,399
 Supplies Limited and PPD Limited (SVS)

 75% of the equity interest in a provider of cold chain                       Healthcare                   May 2025                        22,117
 medical freight transportation across Australia




64
                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements




B2. Acquisition information continued

Combined details of acquisitions undertaken during the current period are as follows:


                                                                 SVS acquisition (i)                         Other acquisitions                      Total

                                                                                              Fair                                         Fair           Fair
                                                        Carrying      Fair value         value on     Carrying     Fair value         value on       value on
                                                           value     adjustment        acquisition       value    adjustment        acquisition    acquisition
                                                         A$’000          A$’000           A$’000       A$’000         A$’000           A$’000         A$’000
 Current assets

 Cash and cash equivalents                                 25,591                  -        25,591        2,611                 -         2,611        28,202

 Trade and other receivables                              28,243          (555)    1
                                                                                           27,688        11,679      (3,858)    1
                                                                                                                                          7,821        35,509

 Prepayments                                                 226          (226)    2
                                                                                                 -         315          (315)   2
                                                                                                                                              -              -

 Inventories                                              28,938         (1,717)   3
                                                                                            27,221      6,994        (1,688)    3
                                                                                                                                         5,306         32,527


 Non-current assets

 Property, plant and equipment                             2,666         (1,621) 4           1,045       6,433        (1,720) 4           4,713          5,758

 Right of use assets                                            -         5,519 5            5,519            -        4,190 5            4,190         9,709

 Deferred tax assets                                          133        3,326 6            3,459             -        3,216 6            3,216          6,675

 Indefinite life intangibles                                    -                  -             -            -        5,142 7            5,142          5,142

 Finite life intangibles                                       21           (21) 8               -            -        2,702 8            2,702          2,702


 Current liabilities

 Trade and other payables                                (38,554)         (563) 9          (39,117)    (4,480)         (532) 9          (5,012)       (44,129)

 Current tax payables                                      (1,133)            13   6
                                                                                            (1,120)       (43)         (100)    6
                                                                                                                                          (143)        (1,263)

 Lease liabilities                                              -        (1,229)   5
                                                                                           (1,229)            -        (736)    5
                                                                                                                                          (736)        (1,965)

 Employee benefits                                          (346)         (121)   10
                                                                                             (467)       (258)        (473)   10
                                                                                                                                          (731)         (1,198)


 Non-current liabilities

 Trade and other payables                                       -        (1,527) 9          (1,527)       (33)        (1,162) 9          (1,195)       (2,722)

 Bank loans                                                     -                  -             -      (1,162)                 -        (1,162)        (1,162)

 Lease liabilities                                              -       (4,290) 5          (4,290)            -      (3,254) 5          (3,254)        (7,544)

 Deferred tax liabilities                                       -       (1,545) 6          (1,545)        (26)        (1,717) 6          (1,743)       (3,288)

 Employee benefits                                              -                  -             -        (96)         (125) 10           (221)          (221)

 Net assets acquired                                      45,785         (4,557)            41,228      21,934          (430)           21,504         62,732


 Goodwill on acquisition                                                                    93,171                                      75,555        168,726

 Non-Controlling Interests arising on acquisition                                                -                                        (866)          (866)

 Total consideration                                                                      134,399                                       96,193        230,592


 Less cash and cash equivalents                                                           (25,591)                                       (2,611)      (28,202)

 Less deferred purchase consideration                                                      (9,079)                                     (29,035)        (38,114)

 Net cash outflow from acquisition                                                         99,729                                       64,547        164,276



(i) D
     ue to the proximity of the acquisition date to reporting date and the material nature of the entities being acquired, the business combination
    accounting for SVS is considered provisional at reporting date, subject to independent valuations performed on intangible assets recognised as
    part of the acquisition.
(ii) Non-controlling interests on the date of acquisition are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the fair value
      of the identifiable net assets assumed. The Group entered into arrangements to acquire the remaining equity interest, resulting in a financial
      liability – derivative of $8.8m being recognised on the balance sheet (refer to Note G2) and a corresponding adjustment to non-controlling interests.
      Subsequent changes to the carrying value of the financial liability – derivative will be recognised in equity.



                                                                                                                                                             65
EBOS Annual Report 2025




B2. Acquisition information continued



         Judgements made:

         1. To recognise the fair value of trade and other receivables on acquisition.
         2. To recognise the fair value of prepayments on acquisition.
         3. To recognise the fair value of inventories on acquisition.
         4. To recognise the fair value of property, plant and equipment on acquisition.
         5. To recognise the fair value of right of use assets and associated lease liabilities on acquisition.
         6. To recognise current and deferred tax balances on acquisition.
         7. To recognise the fair value of the Kiwi Kitchens brands on acquisition.
         8. To recognise the fair value of finite intangible assets on acquisition.
         9. To recognise the fair value of trade and other payables on acquisition.
         10. To recognise the fair value of employee benefits on acquisition.


         Recognition and measurement

         Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method.

         The cost of acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred
         or assumed, and equity instruments issued by EBOS in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
         recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

         Where applicable, the cost of acquisition includes any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement,
         measured at its acquisition date fair value. Subsequent changes in such fair values are adjusted against the cost of acquisition
         where they qualify as measurement period adjustments. All other subsequent changes in the fair value of contingent consideration
         classified as an asset or liability are accounted for in accordance with relevant NZ IFRSs. Changes in the fair value of contingent
         consideration classified as equity are not recognised.

Goodwill arising on acquisition

Goodwill arose on the acquisitions of the business operations of the acquirees because the cost of acquisition included a control premium
paid. In addition, goodwill resulted from the consideration paid for the benefit of future expected cash flows above the current fair value of
the assets acquired and the expected synergies and future market benefits expected to be obtained. These benefits are not recognised
separately from goodwill as the expected future economic benefits arising cannot be reliably measured and they do not meet the definition
of identifiable intangible assets. The accounting for the business combinations including goodwill arose is considered provisional at balance
date and will be finalised within 12 months of the acquisition date, with the exception of the Pacific Surgical acquisition which has been
finalised as at 30 June 2025.

Pacific Surgical is a specialist orthopaedic device distributor which operates across the Philippines. The business has a broad portfolio
of high value orthopaedic products focussed on implants relating to the spine, sports, joints, biologics and capital equipment segments.
Pacific Surgical is considered a strong fit for the Group from both a product and geographic perspective strengthening the Group’s existing
presence in the Philippines and in the orthopaedic and spine segments.

SVS is a leading supplier of pet medicines and other products to veterinary practices in New Zealand. SVS is considered a complementary
fit within the Animal Care segment as an extension of the Group’s existing veterinary wholesale business in Australia.

The provider of cold chain medical freight transportation across Australia acquired in May 2025 is considered a complementary fit with
the Group’s Healthcare Logistics business to provide an entry point into the attractive cold chain transportation market, expanding the
services offered in the Healthcare segment.

Deferred consideration of $38.1m was recognised as future financial performance (EBITDA) earn out targets of the businesses acquired, on
which the consideration is payable are expected to be achieved.

Impact of the acquisitions on the results of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2025

The Group consolidated revenue for the year includes $75.5m revenue generated from SVS acquisition and $25.0m from other acquisitions.
SVS acquisition and other acquisitions contributed a profit of $2.5m and $2.8m to the Group net profit for the year.

Had the acquisitions made during the year been effective at 1 July 2024, the Group revenue would have been $12.5bn and the net profit for
the year would have been $221.8m.




66
                                                                                                 Financial Statements




B2. Acquisition information continued

Impact on the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement of all acquisitions during the year:



                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                      A$’000               A$’000

 Subsidiaries acquired


 Consideration

 Cash and cash equivalents                                                            192,478                97,531

 Deferred purchase consideration                                                        38,114               21,911

 Total consideration                                                                  230,592               119,442


 Represented by:

 Net assets acquired                                                                   62,732               25,992

 Non-controlling interests                                                              (866)                     -

 Goodwill on acquisition                                                              168,726               93,450

 Total consideration                                                                  230,592               119,442


 Net cash outflow on acquisitions

 Cash and cash equivalents consideration                                              192,478                97,531

 Cash paid for additional shares from non-controlling interests (Note F3)              35,929              134,626

 Deferred purchase consideration paid in relation to prior year acquisitions            2,287               20,070

 Less cash and cash equivalents acquired                                              (28,202)              (5,334)

 Total consideration                                                                  202,492              246,893




                                                                                                                 67
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Section C: Operating assets and liabilities used by EBOS


           Section Overview

           This section provides further analysis on the significant operating assets and liabilities of EBOS. These balances comprise the
           material net working capital balances used by EBOS to run its day to day operating activities.



C1. Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                         2025                               2024
                                                                                                       A$’000                             A$’000



 Trade receivables (i)                                                                                1,365,818                          1,403,190

 Other receivables                                                                                      174,987                            121,747

 Provision for expected credit losses (ii)                                                             (27,035)                           (30,373)

                                                                                                      1,513,770                         1,494,564



         Recognition and measurement

         Trade receivables are measured on initial recognition at fair value and are subsequently carried at amortised cost. They are
         presented as current assets unless collection is not expected for more than 12 months after the reporting date.

         The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is
         no realistic prospect of recovery.

         The Directors believe that the carrying amount of trade and other receivables approximates their fair value.

(i) T
     rade receivables are non-interest bearing. Interest may be charged on outstanding overdue balances in accordance with the terms and
    conditions under which goods are supplied. Trade debtors generally have terms of 30 days.

(ii) Provision for expected credit losses

                                                                                        30–60            60–90              90+             Total
                                                                     Not due             days             days             days             2025
                                                                     A$’000            A$’000           A$’000           A$’000           A$’000


 Trade receivables – total                                          1,264,078           57,525            15,661          28,554         1,365,818

 Provision for expected credit losses – total                               -             (114)            (461)        (26,460)          (27,035)



                                                                                        30–60            60–90              90+             Total
                                                                     Not due             days             days             days             2024
                                                                     A$’000            A$’000           A$’000           A$’000           A$’000


 Trade receivables – total                                          1,297,738           67,019            14,741          23,692         1,403,190

 Provision for expected credit losses – total                           (231)          (2,847)           (6,970)         (20,325)         (30,373)



         Recognition and measurement
         The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on trade receivables. The amount of ECL is updated at
         each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.
         The Group measures the provision for ECL using the simplified approach to measuring ECL, which uses a lifetime expected loss
         allowance for all trade receivables. The Group determines lifetime ECL for groups of trade receivables with shared credit risk
         characteristics. Groupings are based on customer, trading terms and ageing.
         An ECL rate is determined based on the historic credit loss rates for the Group, adjusted for other current observable data that may
         materially impact the Group’s future credit risk. This other observable data includes specific factors in relation to each debtor or
         general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate.
         Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past
         due unless the Group has reasonable basis that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.


68
                                                                                                                       Financial Statements




C2. Inventories

                                                                                                      2025                             2024
                                                                                                    A$’000                           A$’000


 Raw materials                                                                                       23,267                           38,105

 Finished goods                                                                                    1,370,123                         1,217,377

 Provision for obsolescence                                                                         (48,163)                        (45,042)

                                                                                                   1,345,227                       1,210,440


           Recognition and measurement

           Inventories consist of raw materials (for the manufacturing operations of EBOS) and finished goods. Inventories are recognised
           at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials and, where applicable, direct labour costs and
           those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value
           represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less all estimated costs of completion and costs to be
           incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.

           The provision for inventory obsolescence is based on management judgment, taking into account historical inventory write-
           offs, inventory turnover trends and other analysis.


C3. Trade and other payables

                                                                                                      2025                             2024
                                                                                                    A$’000                           A$’000


 Current

 Trade payables                                                                                    2,177,403                       1,992,448

 Other payables                                                                                     218,536                          216,444

 Deferred purchase consideration                                                                     45,415                             3,641

                                                                                                  2,441,354                         2,212,533



 Non-current

 Other payables                                                                                      22,960                           18,648

 Deferred purchase consideration                                                                      17,538                           18,273

                                                                                                     40,498                            36,921


           Recognition and measurement

           Trade payables and accruals principally comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases and ongoing costs.
           Trade and other payables, are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
           interest method.
           The Directors consider that the carrying amount of trade payables approximates to their fair value.
           Trade payables are unsecured and are generally settled within the month following the invoice date.




                                                                                                                                             69
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Section D: Capital assets used by EBOS to operate our business


            Section Overview

            This section explains what capital assets, such as property, plant and equipment, that EBOS uses to operate its business
            activities. This section also describes the material movements in capital assets during the year.




D1. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                Leasehold                            Office
                                                                                 improve-                       equipment,
                                                                                ments and        Plant and        furniture
                                            Freehold land          Buildings        assets      equipment       and fittings        Total
                                                  A$’000            A$’000         A$’000          A$’000           A$’000        A$’000



 Cost                                               28,610            75,919        94,602         296,205            41,276      536,612

 Accumulated depreciation                                 -         (14,485)       (26,721)         (88,516)        (22,981)     (152,703)

 Balance at 30 June 2024                            28,610           61,434          67,881        207,689           18,295      383,909



 Cost                                               29,452           80,910         115,388        301,904           51,264       578,918

 Accumulated depreciation                                 -          (16,133)      (27,933)       (108,282)        (26,892)      (179,240)

 Balance at 30 June 2025                            29,452            64,777        87,455          193,622          24,372      399,678



Reconciliation of the net carrying amount from the beginning to the end of the year (A$’000)


              $383,909         $29,553         $16,493           $5,758         ($4,365)        ($33,181)        $1,511        $399,678

500,000


450,000


400,000


350,000


300,000


250,000


200,000


150,000


100,000


 50,000


        -
              Opening          Additions    Transfers and      Acquisitions     Disposals      Depreciation      Foreign       Closing
              balance                      reclassifications                                                    currency       balance
                                                                                                               differences
                                                                                                                and other



70
                                                                                                                         Financial Statements




D1. Property, plant and equipment continued

         Recognition and measurement

         Property, plant and equipment is initially recorded at cost. Cost includes the original purchase consideration and those costs
         directly attributable to bringing the item of property, plant and equipment to the location and condition for its intended use. After
         recognition as an asset, property, plant and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment assets, other than freehold land, is calculated on a straight-line basis. This allocates
         the cost or fair value amount of an asset, less any residual value, over its estimated useful life.

         Judgements and estimates – useful lives

         EBOS estimates the remaining useful life of assets as follows:

         • Buildings: 20 to 50 years
         • Leasehold improvements: 2 to 20 years
         • Plant and equipment: 2 to 20 years
         • Office equipment, furniture and fittings: 2 to 20 years

         The residual value and useful lives are reviewed and if appropriate adjusted at each reporting date.



D2. Capital work in progress


                                                                                                                2025                     2024
                                                                                                              A$’000                   A$’000



 Capital work in progress                                                                                     120,286                    61,563


Capital work in progress reflects investments in new distribution centres, IT infrastructure and automation to support long term growth.




                                                                                                                                                 71
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Section E: How we fund the business


          Section Overview

          This section explains how EBOS funds its operations and shows the sources of other available facilities that it may call
          upon if required to fund its operational or future investing activities.



Capital management

EBOS manages its capital, meaning total shareholders’ funds, to provide appropriate returns to shareholders whilst maintaining a capital
structure that safeguards its ability to remain a going concern and optimises the cost of capital.


E1. Share capital


                                                                                             2025                                 2024

                                                                                          No.              Total               No.             Total
                                                                                        000’s            A$’000              000’s           A$’000

 Fully paid ordinary shares

 Balance at beginning of financial year                                               193,243           1,937,210          191,604         1,889,863

 Dividend reinvested                                                                     2,232            72,589              1,399           45,736

 Performance rights                                                                        192                  -               186                   -

 Share placement                                                                         5,927          200,508                   -                   -

 Retail offer                                                                            1,582            53,826                  -                   -

 Share placement and retail offer issue costs                                                -            (6,183)                 -                   -

 Issue of shares to staff under employee share plan                                         54             1,848                54              1,808

 Employee share issue costs                                                                  -             (220)                  -              (197)

                                                                                      203,230          2,259,578           193,243          1,937,210


Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion to the number
of shares held. Every ordinary shareholder present at a meeting of the Company in person or by proxy, is entitled to one vote per share,
and upon a poll each ordinary share is entitled to one vote per share.

         Recognition and measurement

         An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities.
         Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.




72
                                                                                                                         Financial Statements




E2. Dividends

         Recognition and measurement

         Dividends are approved by the Board in New Zealand dollars. Dividends recognised in the Statement of Changes in Equity are
         converted from New Zealand dollars to Australian dollars at the exchange rate applicable on the date the dividend was approved.

         Unrecognised dividends are converted at the exchange rate applicable on the reporting date.


                                                                                        2025                                2024

                                                                               A$ Cents              Total         A$ Cents                 Total
                                                                               per share           A$’000          per share              A$’000


 Recognised amounts

 Fully paid ordinary shares:

 Final – prior year                                                                  56.1           108,167              52.7             100,879

 Interim – current year                                                               51.2          99,558               53.7             102,796

 Dividends per share                                                                107.3           207,725             106.4             203,675


 Unrecognised amounts

 Final dividend                                                                       57.1          116,061              56.8             109,788


The Group operates a Dividend Reinvestment Plan under which shareholders can elect to receive dividends in additional shares rather than
cash. For the June 2024 final dividend payment, new shares were issued at the prevailing market price of NZD 34.47 per share around the time
of issue. Participating investors were issued 1.2m new shares with a value of $38.7m. For the December 2024 interim dividend payment, new
shares were issued at the prevailing market price of NZD 36.98 around the time of issue. Participating investors were issued 1.0m new shares
with a value of $33.9m (December 2023 interim dividend: 1.4m shares with a value of $45.7m).

         Subsequent event

         A dividend of NZ 61.5 cents per share was declared on 26 August 2025 with the dividend being payable on 24 September 2025.
         The anticipated cash impact of the dividend is approximately $116.1m.

The following table shows dividends approved in New Zealand dollars:




                                                                                                                         2025             2024
                                                                                                                   NZ$ Cents        NZ$ Cents
                                                                                                                    per share        per share


 Recognised amounts

 Fully paid ordinary shares:

 Final – prior year                                                                                                       61.5               57.0

 Interim – current year                                                                                                  57.0                57.0

 Dividends per share                                                                                                     118.5              114.0


 Unrecognised amounts

 Final dividend                                                                                                           61.5               61.5


New Zealand dollar dividends paid to equity holders of the parent are translated into Australian dollars and disclosed in the cash flow
statement at the foreign currency exchange rate applicable on the date they are paid.




                                                                                                                                               73
EBOS Annual Report 2025




E3. Borrowings

                                                                                                                      2025                     2024
                                                                                                                    A$’000                   A$’000



 Current

 Bank loans – securitisation facility (i)                                                                             11,574                 180,745

 Bank loans (ii)                                                                                                       4,217                584,963

                                                                                                                      15,791                 765,708

 Non-current

 Bank loans (ii)                                                                                                   1,086,714                 470,102

                                                                                                                   1,086,714                 470,102



(i) E
     BOS, through a subsidiary company, has a trade debtor securitisation facility of $400.0m (2024: $400.0m) of which $388.4m was
    unutilised at 30 June 2025 (2024: $219.3m). In August 2024, the Group entered into an agreement to extend the maturity date of this
    securitisation facility to September 2026. The securitisation facility involves providing security over the future cash flows of specific trade
    receivables, which meet certain criteria, in return for cash finance on a contracted percentage of the security provided. As recourse, in the
    event of default by a trade debtor, remains with EBOS, the trade receivables provided as security and the funding provided are recognised
    on the EBOS Consolidated Balance Sheet.

  At 30 June 2025, the value of trade receivables provided as security under this securitisation facility was $49.9m (2024: $236.7m).
  The net cash flows associated with the securitisation program are disclosed in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement as cash flows from
  financing activities.

(ii) E
      BOS has gross bank term loan facilities of $1,810.1m (2024: $1,632.4m), of which $719.2m was unutilised at 30 June 2025 (2024: $577.4m).

     In December 2024, the Group entered into agreements to refinance its term debt facilities, total of $1,600.0m and NZD 150.0m, due to
     mature between two to five years. In June 2025, the Group also completed the refinance of its Southeast Asian term debt facility to extend
     the maturity date to June 2028 and increase the facility limit to SGD 45.0m.

     EBOS fully complies with and operates within the debt facility financial covenants under the arrangements with its bankers. The
     covenants include: interest coverage ratio, leverage ratio, total assets of the guaranteeing group and EBITDAF (EBITDA excluding
     fair value movements) of the guaranteeing group.


           Recognition and measurement

           All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at cost, being the fair value of the consideration received plus issue costs
           associated with the borrowing. After initial recognition, these loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost
           using the effective interest method, which allocates the cost through the expected life of the loan or borrowing. The fair value of
           non-current borrowings is approximately equal to their carrying amount.
           Bank loans are classified as current liabilities unless EBOS has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least
           12 months after the balance sheet date.




74
                                                                                                                              Financial Statements




E4. Borrowings facilities maturity profile

As at 30 June 2025, EBOS had unrestricted access to the following lines of available credit:


                                                                                  Total facility                  Unused
 Facility                                                                                 A$’m                      A$’m               Maturity

 Trade finance facilities ($USD)                                                           15.3                        11.1              < 1 year

 Term debt facilities ($AUD)                                                             300.0                           -             1-2 years

 Term debt facilities ($NZD)                                                              139.3                     139.3              2-3 years

 Term debt facilities ($SGD)                                                               54.0                       18.4             2-3 years

 Term debt facilities ($AUD)                                                              750.0                          -             3-4 years

 Term debt facilities ($AUD)                                                             550.0                      550.0              4-5 years

 Term debt facilities ($AUD)                                                                   1.5                    0.4              > 5 years

 Securitisation facility ($AUD)                                                          400.0                      388.4              1-2 years



The Group has sufficient resources, including available funding facilities, to meet its obligations as and when they fall due.

The following table shows the remaining contractual maturity for EBOS’ borrowings at balance date. The table includes both interest and
principal (undiscounted) cash flows, with total bank loans of $1,102.5m (2024: $1,235.8m). The Group weight average interest rate for the year
was 6.07% (2024: 6.43%).


                                   Less than
                                      1 year       1–2 years       2–3 years       3–4 years         4–5 years           > 5 years        Total
                                     A$’000          A$’000          A$’000          A$’000            A$’000              A$’000       A$’000

 Bank loans

 2025                                70,845         367,953           83,195          752,312               69                1,261    1,275,635

 2024                               838,897         373,699               8,038       127,664                -                   -     1,348,298



Financing activities


                                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                                  A$’000                 A$’000



 Bank overdraft facility, reviewed annually and payable at call:

 Amount unused                                                                                                     37,546                  7,525

                                                                                                                   37,546                  7,525



 Bank loan facilities with various maturity dates through to April 2032
 (2023: November 2026)

 Amount used                                                                                                     1,102,505             1,235,810

 Amount unused                                                                                                   1,107,614              796,609

                                                                                                                 2,210,119             2,032,419




                                                                                                                                               75
EBOS Annual Report 2025




E5. Operating cash flows

Reconciliation of profit for the year with cash from operating activities:

                                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                                          A$’000      A$’000



 Profit for the year                                                                                      215,765    273,085

 Add/(less) non-cash items:

 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                              33,181    30,325

 Depreciation on right of use assets                                                                       67,007      62,134

 Amortisation (non-cash) of finite life intangibles attributable to acquisition fair value adjustments     26,912      26,181

 Amortisation of other finite life intangible assets                                                       19,802      10,231

 Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                289         711

 Share of profit from associates                                                                          (15,021)   (12,938)

 Expense recognised in respect of share-based payments                                                      3,087      11,794

 Deferred tax                                                                                               7,276       3,832

                                                                                                          142,533     132,270



 Movement in working capital:

 Trade and other receivables                                                                             (19,206)       2,962

 Prepayments                                                                                                7,966     (7,824)

 Inventories                                                                                             (134,787)     23,797

 Current tax refundable/payable                                                                            (1,412)       1,177

 Trade and other payables                                                                                232,398     (80,300)

 Employee benefits                                                                                           3,175      1,976

 Foreign currency translation of working capital balances                                                   9,821     (2,445)

                                                                                                           97,955    (60,657)

 Balances classified as investing activities                                                              (57,516)      2,148

 Working capital items acquired (including fair value adjustments)                                         19,766       1,390

 Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                               418,503     348,236




76
                                                                                                                            Financial Statements




E5. Operating cash flows continued

Reconciliation of debt:

                                        1 July                   Net               Borrowings         Foreign currency                30 June
                                         2024             repayments                 acquired               movement                     2025
                                       A$’000                 A$’000                   A$’000                  A$’000                  A$’000

 Bank loans                          1,235,810                (141,019)                    1,162                  6,552               1,102,505




                                        1 July                    Net              Borrowings         Foreign currency                30 June
                                         2023              borrowings                acquired               movement                     2024
                                       A$’000                  A$’000                  A$’000                  A$’000                  A$’000

 Bank loans                            978,475                 257,495                        -                    (160)              1,235,810



         Accounting policies

         Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and deposits readily convertible to cash and which are not subject to a
         significant risk of change in value.

         The Consolidated Cash Flow Statement is prepared exclusive of Goods and Services Tax (GST), which is consistent with the
         method used in the Consolidated Income Statement.

         • Operating activities include all transactions and other events that are not investing or financing activities.

         • Investing activities are those activities relating to the acquisition and disposal of current and non-current investments and any
            other non-current assets.

         • Financing activities are those activities relating to changes in the equity and debt capital structure of the Group and those
            activities relating to the cost of servicing EBOS’ equity capital.




                                                                                                                                                77
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Section F: EBOS Group structure


           Section Overview

           This section provides information to assist in understanding the EBOS Group legal structure and how it affects the
           financial position and performance of the Group. Details of businesses acquired are presented in Section B.




F1. Subsidiaries

The following entities comprise the significant trading and holding companies of the Group:

Parent and head entity: EBOS Group Limited
                                                                                                                       Ownership Interests
                                                                                                                        and Voting Rights

                                                                                                       Country of
Subsidiaries (all balance dates 30 June unless otherwise noted)                                     Incorporation         2025       2024

Pet Care Holdings Australia Pty Ltd                                                                      Australia       100%       100%

EBOS Group Australia Pty Ltd                                                                             Australia       100%       100%

EBOS Health & Science Pty Ltd                                                                            Australia       100%       100%

PRNZ Ltd                                                                                             New Zealand         100%       100%

Pharmacy Retailing NZ Ltd                                                                            New Zealand         100%       100%

Pet Care Distributors Pty Ltd                                                                            Australia       100%       100%

Masterpet Corporation Ltd                                                                            New Zealand         100%       100%

Superior Food Co. Ltd                                                                                New Zealand         100%       100%

SVS Veterinary Supplies Ltd                                                                          New Zealand         100%          0%

PPD Ltd                                                                                              New Zealand         100%          0%

Vet2Pet Ltd                                                                                          New Zealand         100%          0%

SVS 3PL Ltd                                                                                          New Zealand         100%          0%

Masterpet Australia Pty Ltd                                                                              Australia       100%       100%

Botany Bay Imports and Exports Pty Ltd                                                                   Australia       100%       100%

QPharma Pty Ltd                                                                                          Australia       100%       100%

EAHPL Pty Ltd                                                                                            Australia       100%       100%

ZHHA Pty Ltd                                                                                             Australia       100%       100%

ZAP Services Pty Ltd                                                                                     Australia       100%       100%

Symbion Pty Ltd                                                                                          Australia       100%       100%

Intellipharm Pty Ltd                                                                                     Australia       100%       100%

Lyppard Australia Pty Ltd                                                                                Australia       100%       100%

DoseAid Pty Ltd                                                                                          Australia       100%       100%

 Symbion Trade Receivables Trust 1                                                                      Australia        100%       100%

 Endeavour Consumer Health Ltd                                                                       New Zealand         100%       100%

 Nexus Australasia Pty Ltd                                                                              Australia        100%       100%

 EBOS PH Pty Ltd                                                                                        Australia        100%       100%

 Terry White Group Pty Ltd                                                                              Australia        100%       100%

 Chemmart Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                              Australia        100%       100%


78
                                                                                  Financial Statements




                                                                                   Ownership Interests
                                                                                    and Voting Rights

                                                                     Country of
Subsidiaries (all balance dates 30 June unless otherwise noted)   Incorporation       2025       2024

TW&CM Pty Ltd                                                         Australia      100%       100%

TWC IP Pty Ltd                                                        Australia      100%       100%

PBA Wholesale Pty Ltd                                                 Australia      100%       100%

VIM Health Pty Ltd                                                    Australia      100%       100%

PBA Finance No. 1 Pty Ltd                                             Australia      100%       100%

PBA Finance No. 2 Pty Ltd                                             Australia      100%       100%

PBA Technology Pty Ltd                                                Australia      100%       100%

VIM Health IP Pty Ltd                                                 Australia      100%       100%

Tony Ferguson Weight Management Pty Ltd                               Australia      100%       100%

Lite Living Pty Ltd                                                   Australia      100%       100%

Collaboration Medical Clinics Pty Ltd                                 Australia      100%       100%

BFCMC Pty Ltd                                                         Australia      100%       100%

Collaboration Medical Clinics Investments Pty Ltd                     Australia      100%       100%

Alchemy Holdings Pty Ltd                                              Australia      100%       100%

Alchemy Sub-Holdings Pty Ltd                                          Australia      100%       100%

HPS Holdings Group (Aust) Pty Ltd                                     Australia      100%       100%

HPS Hospitals Pty Ltd                                                 Australia      100%       100%

HPS Corrections Pty Ltd                                               Australia      100%       100%

HPS Services Pty Ltd                                                  Australia      100%       100%

Hospharm Pty Ltd                                                      Australia      100%       100%

HPS IVF Pty Ltd                                                       Australia      100%       100%

HPS Finance Pty Ltd                                                   Australia      100%       100%

HPS Brands Pty Ltd                                                    Australia      100%       100%

Endeavour CH Pty Ltd                                                  Australia      100%       100%

Ventura Health Pty Ltd                                                Australia      100%       100%

You Save Management Pty Ltd                                           Australia      100%       100%

Mega Save Management Pty Ltd                                          Australia      100%       100%

Cincotta Holding Company Pty Ltd                                      Australia      100%       100%

CC Pharmacy Investments Pty Ltd                                       Australia      100%       100%

CC Pharmacy Promotions Pty Ltd                                        Australia      100%       100%

CC Pharmacy Management Pty Ltd                                        Australia      100%       100%

Shanghai EBOS Trading Co. Ltd                                            China       100%       100%

ACN 618 208 969 Pty Ltd                                               Australia      100%       100%

Warner and Webster Pty Ltd                                            Australia      100%       100%

W M Bamford & Co. Ltd                                             New Zealand        100%       100%

Protec Solutions Ltd                                              New Zealand        100%       100%



                                                                                                    79
EBOS Annual Report 2025




F1. Subsidiaries continued

                                                                                      Ownership Interests
                                                                                       and Voting Rights

                                                                      Country of
 Subsidiaries (all balance dates 30 June unless otherwise noted)   Incorporation    2025            2024

 EBOS Medical Devices NZ Ltd                                       New Zealand      100%           100%

 EBOS Medical Devices Australia Pty Ltd                                Australia    100%           100%

 CAB Medical Pty Ltd                                                   Australia    100%           100%

 Healthcare Supply Partners Pty Ltd                                    Australia    100%           100%

 Mediport Pty Ltd                                                      Australia     75%              0%

 Mediport Unit Trust                                                   Australia     75%              0%

 EBOS Aesthetics Pty Ltd                                               Australia    100%           100%

 Pioneer Medical Ltd                                               New Zealand      100%           100%

 Sentry Medical Pty Ltd                                                Australia    100%           100%

 MD Scopes Pty Ltd                                                     Australia    100%           100%

 Pacific Health Supplies TopCo1 Pty Ltd                                Australia    100%           100%

 Pacific Health Supplies TopCo2 LLC                                        USA      100%           100%

 Pacific Health Supplies TopCo Pty Ltd                                 Australia    100%           100%

 Pacific Health Supplies Mezzco Pty Ltd                                Australia    100%           100%

 Pacific Health Supplies Holdco Pty Ltd                                Australia    100%           100%

 Pacific Health Supplies Bidco Pty Ltd                                 Australia    100%           100%

 LifeHealthcare Group Pty Ltd                                          Australia    100%           100%

 LifeHealthcare Finance Pty Ltd                                        Australia    100%           100%

 LifeHealthcare Pty Ltd                                                Australia    100%           100%

 LifeHealthcare Distribution Pty Ltd                                   Australia    100%           100%

 LifeHealthcare Services Pty Ltd                                       Australia    100%           100%

 LifeHealthcare Ltd                                                New Zealand      100%           100%

 LifeHealthcare Distribution (NZ) Ltd                              New Zealand      100%           100%

 Culpan Distributors Ltd                                           New Zealand      100%           100%

 Culpan Medical Pty Ltd                                                Australia    100%           100%

 Australian BioTechnologies Pty Ltd                                    Australia    100%           100%

 ABT Medical Pty Ltd                                                   Australia    100%           100%

 Tissuelife Pty Ltd                                                    Australia    100%           100%

 Tissue Technologies Pty Ltd                                           Australia   50.01%         50.01%

 Transmedic Pte Ltd                                                   Singapore     100%            90%

 PT. Transmedic Indonesia                                             Indonesia     100%            90%

 Transmedic Healthcare Sdn Bhd                                         Malaysia     100%            90%

 Malex Medical Asia (M) Sdn                                            Malaysia     100%              0%

 Transmedic Healthcare Co Ltd                                          Vietnam      100%            90%




80
                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                       Ownership Interests
                                                                                                                                        and Voting Rights

                                                                                                                      Country of
     Subsidiaries (all balance dates 30 June unless otherwise noted)                                               Incorporation           2025         2024

     Transmedic Philippines, Inc                                                                                      Philippines         100%          90%

     Transmedic Holdings Philippines Inc                                                                              Philippines         100%          90%

     T-Medic Co Ltd                                                                                                     Thailand          100%          90%

     Transmedic (Thailand) Co Ltd                                                                                       Thailand        99.48%        89.53%

     Transmedic China Ltd                                                                                             Hong Kong           100%          90%

     Swissmed Pte Ltd                                                                                                  Singapore          100%          90%

     Ophthaswissmed Philippines Inc                                                                                   Philippines          99%        89.10%

     Swissmed Sdn Bhd                                                                                                   Malaysia          100%          90%

     Swiss Med (International) Pte. Ltd.                                                                               Singapore          100%          90%

     EBOS Finance Australia Pty Ltd    2
                                                                                                                        Australia         100%              -

     EBOS Finance NZ Ltd    2
                                                                                                                    New Zealand           100%              -


1
    The balance date of all subsidiaries is 30 June aside from the Symbion Trade Receivables Trust which has a balance date of 31 December. The results
    of the Symbion Trade Receivables Trust (“the Trust”) have been included in the Group results for the year to 30 June 2025. The Trust is consolidated as
    EBOS has the exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the Trust and the Group considers that it has existing rights that give it
    the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the Trust.
2
     Incorporated in November 2024.



F2. Investment in associates

The following table presents the material associates of the Group as at 30 June 2025:


                                                                                                                                Proportion
                                                                                                                             of shares and           Cost of
                                                                                         Principal               Date of      voting rights       acquisition
     Name of associate company                                                           activities           acquisition         acquired           A$’000


     Animates NZ Holdings Limited                                                    Animal Care          December 2011                50%             17,353

     Good Price Pharmacy Franchising Pty Limited                                       Healthcare           October 2014             44.18%             7,286

     Good Price Pharmacy Management Pty Limited                                        Healthcare           October 2014             44.18%             7,286


The reporting date for Animates NZ Holdings Limited is 30 June. Animates NZ Holdings Limited is incorporated in New Zealand. Although
the Company holds 50% of the shares and voting power in Animates NZ Holdings Limited, this entity is not deemed to be a subsidiary as the
other 50% is held by a single shareholder, therefore EBOS is unable to exercise control over this entity.
The reporting date for Good Price Pharmacy Franchising Pty Limited and Good Price Pharmacy Management Pty Limited is 30 June.
They are incorporated in Australia.




                                                                                                                                                            81
EBOS Annual Report 2025




F2. Investment in associates continued

The summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material associates is set out below:

                                                                                                                   2025                     2024
                                                                                                                 A$’000                   A$’000

 Statement of Financial Position

Current assets                                                                                                     50,128                   42,282

Non-current assets                                                                                                 77,575                   75,129

Current liabilities                                                                                              (38,288)                  (37,229)

Non-current liabilities                                                                                          (38,485)                 (36,339)

Net assets                                                                                                        50,930                   43,843

Group’s share of net assets                                                                                        25,051                   21,588

Income Statement

Revenue                                                                                                           227,215                 230,574

Profit for the year                                                                                                23,136                   26,571

Total comprehensive income                                                                                         23,136                   26,571

Group's share of profits of associates                                                                              11,159                  12,938



Movement in the carrying amount of the Group’s investment in all associates:

Balance at the beginning of the financial year                                                                    56,440                   53,650

New Investments                                                                                                      602                     2,038

Share of profits of associates                                                                                     15,021                   12,938

Share of dividends                                                                                                (8,594)                  (11,929)

Net foreign currency exchange and other differences                                                                2,946                     (257)

Balance at end of financial year                                                                                  66,415                   56,440



Goodwill included in the carrying amount of the Group’s investment in associates                                  25,258                   23,450

The Group’s share of capital commitments of associates                                                                318                         -



         During the period, the Group made sales to Animates NZ Holdings Limited of $33.9m (2024: $18.1m) and has outstanding trade
         receivables as at 30 June 2025 of $8.7m (2024: $3.4m).

         Recognition and measurement
         An associate is an entity over which EBOS has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary nor an interest in a joint venture or
         joint operation. EBOS has significant influence when it has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of
         the investee, but is not in control or joint control over those policies.

         Investments in associates are incorporated in the Group’s financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Under the
         equity method, investments in associates are carried in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at cost and adjusted for post-acquisition
         changes in EBOS’ share of the net assets of the associate, less any impairment in the value of individual investments and less any
         dividends. Losses of an associate in excess of EBOS’ interest in that associate are recognised only to the extent that EBOS has
         incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

         Any excess of the cost of acquisition over EBOS’ share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
         liabilities of the associate recognised at the date of acquisition is recognised as goodwill. The goodwill is included within the carrying
         amount of the investment and is assessed for impairment as part of that investment.




82
                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements




F3. Non-controlling interests
On 31 May 2022, the Group, through its subsidiaries EBOS Medical Devices Australia Pty Ltd and EBOS Medical Devices NZ Ltd acquired 100%
of equity interest in Pacific Health Supplies TopCo1 Pty Ltd and Pacific Health Supplies TopCo2 LLC (LifeHealthcare Group), including a 51%
interest in Transmedic Pte Ltd (Transmedic, a subsidiary of LifeHealthcare Group). The Group also entered into arrangements providing a
pathway of up to 100% ownership of Transmedic, resulting in a financial liability – derivative of $137.0m initially recognised on the balance sheet
as at 30 June 2022 and a corresponding adjustment to non-controlling interests. Subsequently, the amount expected to be paid at the time of
exercise of the option was reassessed to $165.0m, as at 30 June 2023, with the movement of $28.0m recognised directly in equity.

In the prior year, the Group purchased an additional 39% shareholding in Transmedic for a consideration of $134.6m, to increase its shareholding
in Transmedic to 90%. An option arrangement was also entered into that will facilitate the Group moving to 100% ownership. As at 30 June
2024, the carrying value of the financial liability – derivative was $35.0m. During the current year, the Group acquired the remaining 10%
shareholding in Transmedic for a partial payment of $35.9m and the final payment to be made in October 2025. As at 30 June 2025,
the financial liability was $5.4m reflecting the expected final payment.

The table below shows details of Transmedic, the non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group that has material non-controlling interests.
The other non-controlling interests are not considered material and are therefore not disclosed in the financial statements.


                                                                       Proportion of ownership        Profit allocated to
                                                                              interests held by non-controlling interests                    Non-controlling
                                                                      non-controlling interests              for the year                         interests 1
                                                Principal place of            2025           2024          2025           2024           2025            2024
Name of subsidiary                                      business                %               %        A$’000         A$’000         A$’000          A$’000

 Transmedic Pte Limited (Transmedic)              Southeast Asia                  -           10.0          1,107          1,624              -       (25,220)

(1) The non-controlling interests consist of both the share of net assets and the carrying value of the financial liability – derivative before the option over
non-controlling interests was exercised (refer to Note G2).

The summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests as at 30 June 2025,
reflecting 100% of the underlying subsidiary’s relevant figures, is set out below:

                                                                                                                             2025                       2024
                                                                                                                           A$’000                     A$’000

 Statement of Financial Position

 Total assets                                                                                                                                          176,273

 Total liabilities                                                                                                                                    (78,473)

 Net assets                                                                                                                                            97,800

 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                                                                          88,020

 Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                               9,780

 Non-controlling interests in %                                                                                                 0%                        10%

 Income Statement

 Total revenue                                                                                                             258,189                     181,303

 Total profit for the year                                                                                                   21,716                     15,516

 Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                                               20,609                      13,892

 Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                             1,107                      1,624

 Cash Flow Statement

 Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                                                             12,030

 Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                                                                                         (12,858)

 Net cash inflow from financing activities                                                                                                               4,425

 Total net cash inflow                                                                                                                                   3,597

          Recognition and measurement
          Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are identified separately from the Group’s equity. The non-controlling interests on the date
          of acquisition are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the fair value of the identifiable net
          assets assumed. Subsequent to the acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the valuation on initial recognition
          plus the non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes in equity. Transactions with non-controlling interests are recorded
          directly in retained earnings.                                                                                                        83
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Section G: How we manage risk


          Section Overview

          This section describes the financial risks that EBOS has identified and how it manages these risks, to protect its financial
          position and financial performance. Management of these risks includes the use of financial instruments to hedge against
          unfavourable interest rate and foreign currency movements.




G1. Financial risk management

The EBOS corporate treasury function provides services to the Group’s entities, coordinates access to financial markets, and manages
the financial risks relating to the operation of the Group.

EBOS does not enter into or trade financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments, for speculative purposes. The use
of financial derivatives is governed by Group policies approved by the Board of Directors, which provide written principles on the use of
financial derivatives. Compliance with policies for exposure limits is reviewed by the Board of Directors on a regular basis.



         Foreign currency risk                                                    Interest rate risk

         EBOS is exposed to foreign currency risk arising primarily               EBOS is exposed to interest rate risk as it borrows funds
         from the procurement of goods denominated in foreign                     in New Zealand dollars, Singapore dollars and Australian
         currencies: US dollar, Australian dollar (in non-Australian              dollars at floating interest rates.
         operations), Thai baht, Swiss Franc, Euro and British
                                                                                  The risk is assessed and managed by the use of interest
         pound.
                                                                                  rate swap and interest rate collar contracts. In interest
         EBOS has significant foreign operations (New Zealand                     rate swap contracts, EBOS agrees to exchange the
         and Southeast Asia), which are subject to foreign                        difference between fixed and floating rate interest
         exchange fluctuations. The method for translating                        amounts calculated on agreed notional principal
         EBOS’ foreign operations’ results, assets and liabilities is             amounts. In interest rate collar contracts, EBOS may
         described in the “Introducing this report” note.                         pay upfront premiums to cap the interest at strike rates
                                                                                  on agreed notional principal amounts. Such contracts
         It is the policy of the Group to enter into foreign exchange
                                                                                  enable EBOS to partially mitigate the risk of changing
         forward contracts to manage the foreign currency
                                                                                  interest rates on debt held.
         risk associated with anticipated sales and purchase
         transactions typically out to 24 months of the exposure                  It is the policy of the Group to enter into interest rate
         generated. It is the policy of the Group to enter into                   swap and interest rate collar contracts to manage base
         foreign exchange forward contracts for up to 100% of                     interest rate risk associated with floating rate Group
         forecasted foreign currency transactions for the next six                borrowings of up to 100% of the exposure generated for
         months, up to 80% of six to 12 months of forecasted foreign              1-2 years, up to 90% for 2-3 years, up to 80% for 3-4 years,
         currency transactions and up to 40% of 12 to 24 months of                up to 70% for 4–5 years and up to 50% for 5-10 years
         forecasted foreign currency transactions.                                (2024: 100% of the exposure generated for 1-3 years, up
                                                                                  to 80% for 3-5 years and up to 50% for 5-10 years).
         All forward foreign currency contracts entered into fix the
         exchange rate of highly probable forecast transactions,                  All interest rate swap contracts exchanging floating rate
         denominated in foreign currencies, and are designated                    interest amounts for fixed rate interest amounts and
         as cash flow hedges to reduce the Group’s cash flow                      interest rate collar contracts capping the floating rates
         exposure resulting from variable movements in exchange                   at strike rates are designated as cash flow hedges to
         rates.                                                                   reduce the Group’s cash flow exposure resulting from
                                                                                  variable interest rates on borrowings.
         The Group performs a qualitative assessment of
         effectiveness of hedges using the critical terms of                      The interest rate swaps and the interest payments on the
         the underlying transaction and hedging instrument.                       loan occur simultaneously, and the amount accumulated
         It is expected that the value of the forward contracts                   in equity is reclassified to profit or loss over the period
         and the value of the corresponding hedged items will                     that the floating rate interest payments on debt affect
         systematically change in opposite direction in response to               profit or loss.
         movements in the underlying exchange rates.
                                                                                  The Group has previously entered into a number of
         EBOS enters into forward foreign exchange contracts only                 interest rate collar contracts. Under the interest rate
         in accordance with the Board approved treasury policy.                   collar contracts, for each period where floating rates are
                                                                                  above strike rates, the interest payments are limited to
         No sources of ineffectiveness emerged from these
                                                                                  the strike rates. Changes in fair value of the collar due to
         hedging relationships.
                                                                                  changes in intrinsic value and time value are deferred in
                                                                                  the cash flow hedge reserve. Any premium paid for the
                                                                                  collars are recorded as an expense over the life of the
                                                                                  instruments on a straight-line basis.




84
                                                                                                               Financial Statements




G1. Financial risk management continued


        The Group performs a qualitative assessment of the               Liquidity risk
        effectiveness of hedges using the critical terms of
                                                                         EBOS is exposed to liquidity risk as it must invest in
        the underlying transaction and hedging instrument.
                                                                         significant levels of working capital such as inventory and
        It is expected that the value of the interest rate
                                                                         accounts receivable which can impact liquidity unless they
        swaps or interest rate collars, and the value of the
                                                                         are converted to cash.
        corresponding hedged items (floating rate borrowings)
        will systematically change in the opposite direction in          EBOS manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate
        response to movements in the underlying interest rates.          reserves, banking facilities and reserve banking facilities
                                                                         by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash
        Interest rate swap and interest rate collar contracts are
                                                                         flows and matching maturity profiles of financial assets
        only entered into in accordance with the Group’s Board
                                                                         and liabilities. Refer to note E4 for information on EBOS’
        approved treasury policy.
                                                                         borrowings facility maturity profile.
        No sources of ineffectiveness emerged from these
                                                                         Credit risk
        hedging relationships.
                                                                         EBOS is exposed to the risk of default in relation to
        Interest rate sensitivity analysis
                                                                         receivables owing from its healthcare and animal care
        The sensitivity analyses below have been determined              customers, hedging instruments and guarantees and
        based on the exposure to interest rates for both                 deposits held with banks and other financial institutions.
        derivatives and non-derivative instruments at the
        reporting date. For floating rate liabilities, the analysis is   EBOS has adopted a policy of only dealing with credit
        prepared assuming the amount of liability outstanding            worthy counter parties as a means of mitigating the risk of
        at the reporting date was outstanding for the whole              financial loss from defaults. All bank balances are assessed
        year. A one per cent increase or decrease is used when           to have low credit risk at each reporting date as they are
        reporting interest rate risk internally to key management        held with reputable international banking institutions.
        personnel and represents management’s assessment of
                                                                         Trade receivables consist of a large number of customers,
        the reasonably possible change in interest rates.
                                                                         spread across diverse sectors and geographical areas.
        If interest rates for the year ended 30 June 2025 had            Ongoing credit evaluation is performed on the financial
        been one per cent higher/lower with all other variables          condition of the trade receivables. Credit assessments
        held constant, the Group’s:                                      are undertaken to determine the credit quality of the
                                                                         customer, taking into account their financial position, past
        • Profit before tax would decrease by $5.7m or increase         experience and other relevant factors. Individual risk limits
           by $13.6m (2024: decrease by $3.7m or increase by             are granted in accordance with the internal credit policy
           $11.7m). This is attributable to the Group’s unhedged         and authorised via appropriate personnel as defined by
           exposure to interest rates on its variable rate               the Group’s delegation of authority manual.
           borrowings.
                                                                         The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the
        • O ther comprehensive income would increase by $7.6m           financial statements, net of any allowances for losses,
           or decrease by $17.0m respectively (2024: increase by         represents the maximum exposure to EBOS of any credit
           $8.6m or decrease by $5.9m) as a result of the changes        risk.
           in the fair value of interest rate swaps and interest rate
           collars.                                                      EBOS does not have any significant credit risk exposure
                                                                         to any single counter party. The credit risk on liquid funds
                                                                         and derivative financial instruments is limited because the
                                                                         counter parties are banks with high credit ratings assigned
                                                                         by international credit rating agencies.

                                                                         EBOS has made amendments to its Treasury policy
                                                                         regarding the management of risk from 2024 to reflect the
                                                                         increased growth and complexity of the Group.




                                                                                                                                   85
EBOS Annual Report 2025




G2. Financial instruments

 Derivatives

                                                                                                                             2025                       2024
                                                                                                                           A$’000                     A$’000


 Other financial assets – derivatives (at fair value)

 Forward foreign exchange contracts (i)                                                                                         201                      213

 Interest rate collars (i)                                                                                                        -                     6,514

                                                                                                                                201                     6,727


 Other financial liabilities – derivatives (at fair value)

 Forward foreign exchange contracts (i)                                                                                         527                      617

 Interest rate swaps (i)                                                                                                      1,386                         -

 Interest rate collars (i)                                                                                                      416                         -

 Other financial liabilities – consideration for remaining non-controlling interests (ii)                                    8,800                    35,000

                                                                                                                              11,129                   35,617


(i) Designated and effective as a cash flow hedging instrument carried at fair value.
(ii) Represents the carrying value of the financial obligation (put options) if the option for the Group to acquire the non-controlling interests,
     were exercised.



          Recognition and measurement                                                       • The fair value of derivative instruments are calculated
                                                                                               using quoted prices. Where such prices are not available
          EBOS has categorised these derivatives, both financial
                                                                                               use is made of discounted cash flow analysis using
          assets and financial liabilities (excluding Other financial
                                                                                               the applicable yield curve for the duration of the
          liabilities – consideration for remaining controlling
                                                                                               instruments.
          interests), as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy
          contained within NZ IFRS 13. There were no transfers                              The carrying amount of financial assets and financial
          between fair value hierarchy levels during the current or                         liabilities recorded in the financial statements
          prior periods.                                                                    approximates their fair values.

          The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is                           As hedge accounting has been applied for all derivatives
          determined using a discounted cash flow valuation.                                except the option over non-controlling interests, and no
          Key inputs are based upon observable forward exchange                             hedge ineffectiveness has occurred during the period,
          rates, at the measurement date, with the resulting value                          the movement in these instruments has been recognised
          discounted back to present values.                                                in other comprehensive income. The premium paid for the
                                                                                            interest rate collars are recorded as an expense over the
          Interest rate swaps and interest rate collars are valued
                                                                                            life of the instruments on a straight-line basis.
          using a discounted cash flow valuation. Key inputs for the
                                                                                            The recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of
          valuation of interest rate swaps and interest rate collars
                                                                                            the hedge relationship. EBOS designates these derivatives
          are the estimated future cash flows based on observable
                                                                                            as cash flow hedges of highly probable forecast
          yield curves at the end of the reporting period, discounted
                                                                                            transactions. Hedging gains or losses are recognised in
          at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counter
                                                                                            the profit or loss when the hedged items affect the profit
          parties.
                                                                                            or loss except where they are hedging non-financial items
          Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on                             in which case they are recognised as an adjustment to
          the date a derivative contract is entered into and are                            the initial carrying value of the non-financial items
          subsequently remeasured to their fair value.                                      (basis adjustment). When a forward contract is used in
                                                                                            a cash flow hedge relationship the Group has designated
          The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities                     the change in fair value of the entire forward contract,
          are determined as follows:                                                        i.e. including the forward element, as the hedging
          • The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities                   instrument.
             with standard terms and conditions and traded on active
             liquid markets are determined with reference to quoted
             market prices.

          • The fair value of other financial assets and financial
             liabilities are determined in accordance with generally
             accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow
             analysis.


86
                                                                                                                Financial Statements




G2. Financial instruments continued                                     Judgement: measurement of financial liability –
                                                                        derivative (put option over non-controlling interests)
        Cash flow hedges
                                                                        Valuation of the financial liability – derivative is based
        At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group
                                                                        upon management’s most recent assessment of the
        documents the relationship between the hedging
                                                                        consideration to be payable, in the event that the option
        instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk
                                                                        is exercised by the minority shareholders.
        management objectives and its strategy for undertaking
        various hedge transactions.                                     Consideration payable is subject to future financial
                                                                        performance of the subsidiary and the current market
        Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an
                                                                        assessment of the time value of money. In the event that
        ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging
                                                                        the option is not exercised during the option period, and
        instrument that is used in a hedging relationship is highly
                                                                        therefore expires, then the financial liability – derivative is
        effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged
                                                                        derecognised with no impact to Profit or Loss.
        item attributable to the hedged risk.

        The effective portion of changes in the fair value of
        derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow
        hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income and
        accumulated as a separate component of equity in the
        hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective
        portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

        Financial liability – derivative (put option over
        non-controlling interests)

        Where the Group writes a put option with the non-
        controlling shareholders on their equity interest in
        a non-wholly owned subsidiary for settlement in
        cash; a financial liability, at the present value of the
        exercise price of the option, is recognised. When the
        non-controlling interests still have present access to
        the returns associated with the underlying ownership
        interest, non-controlling interests continue to be
        recognised and accordingly the liability is considered
        a transaction with owners and recognised within
        non-controlling interests. Subsequent to the initial
        recognition, any changes in the carrying amount of the
        financial liability – derivative, including the accretion
        of interest, are recognised directly in equity within
        non-controlling interests.




                                                                                                                                     87
EBOS Annual Report 2025




G2. Financial instruments continued

Outstanding forward foreign currency contracts: nominal value


                                                                  2025        2024
                                                                A$’000      A$’000

 Buy Australian dollars                                           14,637     20,191

 Buy euro                                                         4,673     14,395

 Buy British pounds                                               1,669       4,176

 Buy Thai baht                                                    5,549      8,013

 Buy US dollars                                                   51,951     33,317

 Buy Swiss francs                                                      -     2,993

                                                                 78,479     83,085



Outstanding interest rate swap contracts: nominal value


                                                                  2025        2024
                                                                A$’000      A$’000

 1 to 3 years                                                   125,000           -

 3 to 5 years                                                   225,000           -

                                                                350,000           -



Outstanding interest rate collar contracts: nominal value


                                                                  2025        2024
                                                                A$’000      A$’000

 Less than 1 year                                               420,000    180,000

 1 to 3 years                                                   250,000    420,000

 3 to 5 years                                                    50,000    200,000

                                                                720,000    800,000




88
                                                                                                                         Financial Statements




Section H: Other disclosures


           Section Overview

           This section includes the remaining information relating to EBOS that is required to be presented so as to comply
           with its financial reporting requirements.



H1. Contingent liabilities

                                                                                                                2025                    2024
                                                                                                              A$’000                  A$’000

 Contingent liabilities

 Guarantees given to third parties                                                                              6,399                   6,628



H2. Commitments for expenditure

                                                                                                                2025                    2024
                                                                                                              A$’000                  A$’000

 Capital expenditure commitments:

 Plant                                                                                                          12,402                  10,788




H3. Subsequent events

         Subsequent to year end the Board has approved a final dividend to shareholders. For further details please refer to note E2.

         On 1 July 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of Next Generation Pet Foods Pty Limited, a Queensland based manufacturer
         and supplier of multi-format pet treats, for a consideration of $42.5m. This acquisition serves to increase the Group’s
         manufacturing capacity and enhance its product capability into new and attractive formats such as air-dried treats within the
         Animal Care segment. Due to the proximity of the acquisition date and the date the financial statements are authorised for issue,
         the initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete.




H4. Related party disclosures

Key management personnel compensation

                                                                                                                2025                    2024
                                                                                                              A$’000                  A$’000



 Employee benefits                                                                                              16,271                  27,520


Employee benefits for key management personnel includes a short-term and a long-term incentive expense of $5.4m (2024: $17.2m).

EBOS operates a long-term incentive scheme whereby eligible staff receive performance rights entitling each holder of the performance
right to 1 new share per right issued (or payment of cash in lieu, at the Board’s discretion). Performance rights do not vest until performance
conditions are met over a 3 year period. In the current year, 478,696 performance rights were issued with a 3 year performance period of 1
July 2024 to 30 June 2027 (2024: 411,128 with a 3 year performance period of 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2026). The EPS CAGR growth target of the
long-term incentive for the three year period to 30 June 2025 was not achieved and those performance rights will lapse.




                                                                                                                                            89
EBOS Annual Report 2025




H5. Remuneration of auditors

All non-audit services provided by EBOS Group’s Auditor require pre-approval by the Audit and Risk Committee. Before any non-audit
services are approved, the Audit and Risk Committee must be satisfied that the provision of such services will not have any influence on the
independence of the auditors.

                                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                                             A$’000                  A$’000

 Auditor of the Group (Deloitte)

 Audit or review services                                                                                       1,619                   1,324

 Audit and review related services (special purpose audits)                                                       58                      58

 Taxation compliance                                                                                                -                      3

                                                                                                                1,677                   1,385



 Other Auditors

 Audit of subsidiary financial statements                                                                         26                      176

 Tax compliance                                                                                                     -                      41

 Other services                                                                                                     -                     64

                                                                                                                  26                     281




90
                                                                                                                Financial Statements




H6. Leases                                                               • the lease term has changed or there is a change in the
                                                                            assessment of likely exercise of a purchase option, in
        The Group as a lessee
                                                                            which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
        The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a              the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate.
        lease at inception of the contract. The Group recognises a
                                                                         • the lease payments change due to changes in an
        right of use (ROU) asset and a corresponding liability with
                                                                            index or rate or a change in expected payment under
        respect to all lease arrangements in which it is the lessee,
                                                                            a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the lease
        except for short-term leases (defined as leases with a
                                                                            liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
        lease term of twelve months or less) and leases of low value
                                                                            payments using the initial discount rate.
        assets. For these leases, the Group applies the practical
        expedient available and recognises the lease payments            • a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is
        as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the           not accounted for as a separate lease, in which case the
        term of the lease unless another systematic basis is more           lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised
        representative of the time pattern in which economic                lease payments using a revised discount rate.
        benefits from the lease assets are consumed.
                                                                         The ROU assets comprise the initial measurement of the
        The lease liability is initially measured at the present         corresponding lease liability, lease payments made at or
        value of the lease payments that are not paid at the             before the commencement date and any initial direct costs.
        commencement date, discounted by using the rate implicit         They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
        in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined,         depreciation and impairment losses.
        the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate (IBR).
                                                                         Whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to
        Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease          dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the site on
        liability comprise:                                              which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the
                                                                         condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease,
        • fixed lease payments, less incentives receivable;
                                                                         a provision is recognised and measured under NZ IAS 37
        • variable lease payments that depend on an index or            Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets.
           rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the
                                                                         ROU assets are depreciated over the shorter period of
           commencement date;
                                                                         either the lease term or the useful life of the underlying
        • the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under         asset. If a lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset
           residual value guarantees;                                    or the cost of the ROU asset reflects that the Group expects
                                                                         to exercise a purchase option, the related ROU asset is
        • the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is      depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset.
           reasonably certain to exercise the options; and               The depreciation starts at the commencement date of the
        • payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the       lease.
           lease term reflects the exercise of an option to terminate    The ROU assets are presented as a separate line in the
           the lease.                                                    Consolidated Balance Sheet.
        The lease term is the non-cancellable period of a lease,         The Group applies NZ IAS 36 Impairment of Assets to
        together with periods covered by an option (available to the     determine whether a ROU asset is impaired and accounts
        lessee only) to extend or terminate the lease if the lessee is   for any identified impairment loss under this standard.
        reasonably certain to exercise/not to exercise that option.
        In determining the lease term, the Group considers all facts     Variable rents that do not depend on an index or rate are
        and circumstances that create an economic incentive to           not included in the measurement of the lease liability and
        exercise/not exercise an option.                                 the ROU asset. The related payments are recognised as
                                                                         an expense in the period in which the event or condition
        The lease liability is presented as a separate line in the       that triggers those payments occurs and are included as
        Consolidated Balance Sheet.                                      operating expenses in the Consolidated Income Statement.
        The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing       As a practical expedient, NZ IFRS 16 Leases permits
        the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability   a lessee not to separate non-lease components, and
        (using the effective interest method) and by reducing the        instead account for any lease and associated non-lease
        carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made.              components as a single arrangement. The Group has
        The Group remeasures the lease liability (and makes              adopted this practical expedient.
        a corresponding adjustment to the related ROU asset)
        whenever:




                                                                                                                                       91
EBOS Annual Report 2025




H6. Leases continued


Right of use assets

                                             Land and     Office, plant and
                                             buildings          equipment     Motor vehicles       Total
                                               A$’000               A$’000           A$’000      A$’000

 Cost

 Balance as at 1 July 2024                    563,446                17,755           5,296      586,497

 Additions                                     127,973              48,039             3,813      179,825

 Disposals (including lease modifications)     (32,181)             (2,138)          (2,896)      (37,215)

 Foreign currency differences                   3,380                  106                36        3,522

 Balance as at 30 June 2025                    662,618              63,762            6,249      732,629




 Accumulated depreciation

 Balance as at 1 July 2024                    (185,931)             (8,165)          (3,449)    (197,545)

 Disposals and other lease adjustments          14,321                2,128           2,806        19,255

 Depreciation expense                         (60,304)              (5,136)           (1,567)    (67,007)

 Foreign currency differences                   (1,254)                (75)              (19)     (1,348)

 Balance as at 30 June 2025                  (233,168)             (11,248)          (2,229)    (246,645)



 Net book value

 As at 30 June 2024                            377,515               9,590             1,847     388,952

 As at 30 June 2025                           429,450               52,514            4,020      485,984




92
                                                                         Financial Statements




H6. Leases continued




                                                                2025                 2024
                                                              A$’000               A$’000

 Amounts recognised in profit and loss

 Depreciation on right of use assets                           67,007                62,134

 Finance costs – leases                                        24,123                17,651

 Expense relating to short term leases and low value assets    11,044               10,333


 Lease liabilities

 Current                                                       65,847               57,239

 Non-current                                                  453,501              349,914


 Maturity analysis (undiscounted future cash flows)

 Year 1                                                        90,417               77,038

 Year 2                                                        94,191               68,784

 Year 3                                                        80,607               60,722

 Year 4                                                        66,345               53,060

 Year 5                                                        51,265                41,135

 Onwards                                                      340,659              274,654

                                                              723,484              575,393


 Cash outflows for leases

 Interest on lease liabilities                                (24,123)              (17,651)

 Repayments of lease liabilities                              (56,613)             (68,649)

 Short term leases and low value asset leases                 (11,044)             (10,333)

                                                              (91,780)             (96,633)




                                                                                         93
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Additional stock exchange information
 As at 23 July 2025

                                                                                                                                  Percentage of
 Twenty largest shareholders                                                                               Fully paid shares        paid capital

 JP Morgan Nominees Australia Limited                                                                            25,085,843                 12.34

 HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited – NZCSD                                                                     14,677,082                  7.22

 HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                                       13,682,865                  6.73

 BNP Paribas Nominees (NZ) Limited – NZCSD                                                                       13,500,892                 6.64

 Custodial Services Limited                                                                                       12,678,532                6.24

 Sybos Holdings PTE Limited                                                                                       9,957,825                 4.90

 Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                                                  8,616,830                 4.24

 HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited A/C State Street –NZCSD                                                     8,506,099                   4.19

 Tea Custodians Limited Client Property Trust Account – NZCSD                                                     8,317,469                 4.09

 JPMorgan Chase Bank NA NZ Branch-Segregated Clients Acct – NZCSD                                                  7,772,261                3.82

 Citibank Nominees (New Zealand) Limited – NZCSD                                                                   7,202,785                3.54

 Accident Compensation Corporation – NZCSD                                                                         6,391,154                 3.15

 HSBC Nominees A/C NZ Superannuation Fund Nominees Limited – NZCSD                                                5,480,889                  2.70

 FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                                            4,197,368                 2.07

 JBWere (NZ) Nominees Limited                                                                                     2,804,413                  1.38

 ANZ Wholesale Australasian Share Fund – NZCSD                                                                    2,655,236                  1.31

 Citicorp Nominees PTY Limited                                                                                    2,612,454                  1.29

 New Zealand Depository Nominee Limited                                                                           2,499,353                  1.23

 Generate Kiwisaver Public Trust Nominees Limited <NZCSD>                                                        2,020,090                  0.99

 Simplicity Nominees Limited – NZCSD                                                                               1,862,793                0.92

                                                                                                                160,522,233                78.98


Substantial product holders and number of securities

The following information is provided in compliance with section 293 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act and the ASX Listing Rules.


 Number of ordinary shares                                                           As at balance date                        As at 23 July 2025

                                                                                            203,230,227                             203,234,504




 Number of unquoted performance rights                                               As at balance date                        As at 23 July 2025

                                                                                              1,224,899                                 1,224,899




 Substantial holder name*                                    Ordinary shares as    Percentage of share       Ordinary     Percentage of share
                                                                at balance date           capital as at   shares as at           capital as at
                                                                                         balance date     23 July 2025           23 July 2025

 Australian Super Pty Ltd                                             12,854,170                6.325%      12,854,170                    6.325%

 First Cape Group Limited                                            12,985,750                6.390%       12,985,750                   6.390%

* based on substantial holding notices received by the Company.




94
                                                                                   Additional stock exchange information




Distribution of shareholders and shareholdings
(fully paid ordinary shares)                     Holder Count    Holder Count %       Holding Quantity    Holding Quantity %

Size of Holding

1 to 1,000                                              7,163              61.50             2,359,762                   1.16

1,001 to 5,000                                          3,318             28.49              7,599,373                  3.74

5,001 to 10,000                                          628               5.39              4,364,077                  2.15

10,001 to 100,000                                        479                4.11            10,483,265                  5.16

100,001 and over                                          59                0.51            178,428,027                87.79

Total                                                  11,647            100.00            203,234,504               100.00



Distribution of performance rights                                Number of
(not quoted on NZX and ASX)                                performance rights             Number of            Percentage of
                                                                 participants      performance rights     performance rights

Size of Holding

1 to 1,000                                                                28                  22,900                    1.87

1,001 to 5,000                                                            63                  149,188                   12.18

5,001 to 10,000                                                            15                 113,988                   9.30

10,001 to 100,000                                                          18                534,395                  43.63

100,001 and over                                                            2                404,428                   33.02

Total                                                                     126               1,224,899                100.00




                                                                                                                          95
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Additional stock exchange information continued


Unmarketable parcels                                                       Voting Rights
As at 23 July 2025, there were 441 shareholders (with a total of 2,564     Shareholders may vote at a meeting of shareholders either in person
shares) holding less than a marketable parcel of shares based on           or by proxy, attorney, or representative.
the closing price of the Company’s shares on the ASX of A$36.65.
                                                                           In a poll every shareholder present in person or by proxy, attorney or
The ASX Listing Rules define a marketable parcel of shares as a
                                                                           representative has one vote for each share.
parcel of shares of not less than A$500.

Waivers granted from the NZX Listing Rules/ASX Admission
There were no waivers granted by the NZX during the year or waivers
of NZX Listing Rules relied upon by the Company during the year.
The terms of the Company’s admission to the ASX and on-going
listing requires the following disclosures:
1. The Company is not subject to Chapters 6, 6A, 6B and 6C of the
    Australian Corporations Act dealing with the acquisition of shares
    (including substantial holdings and takeovers).
2. L
    imitations on the acquisition of securities imposed under New
   Zealand law are as follows:
  (a) In general, securities in the Company are freely transferable
      and the only significant restrictions or limitations in relation
      to the acquisition of securities are those imposed by New
      Zealand laws relating to takeovers, overseas investment and
      competition.
  (b) T
       he New Zealand Takeovers Code creates a general rule under
      which the acquisition of 20% or more of the voting rights in
      the Company or the increase of an existing holding of 20%
      or more of the voting rights of the Company can only occur
      in certain permitted ways. These include a full takeover offer
      in accordance with the Takeovers Code, a partial takeover
      in accordance with the Takeovers Code, an acquisition
      approved by an ordinary resolution, an allotment approved
      by an ordinary resolution, a creeping acquisition (in certain
      circumstances), or compulsory acquisition of a shareholder
      holding 90% or more of the shares.
  (c) T
       he New Zealand Overseas Investment Act 2005 and Overseas
      Investment Regulations 2005 (New Zealand) regulate certain
      investments in New Zealand by overseas interests. In general
      terms, the consent of the New Zealand Overseas Investment
      Office is likely to be required where an ‘overseas person’
      acquires shares in the Company that amount to 25% or more
      of the shares issued by the Company, or if the overseas person
      already holds 25% or more, the acquisition increases that
      holding.
  (d) The New Zealand Commerce Act 1986 is likely to prevent
       a person from acquiring shares in the Company if the
       acquisition would have, or would be likely to have, the effect of
       substantially lessening competition in the market.




96
                                   Additional stock exchange information




THIS PAGE HAS BEEN LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK




                                                                   97
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Corporate Governance
The Board and management of EBOS Group Limited are                      A description of the Group’s key ﬁnancial risks (foreign currency
committed to ensuring that the Company adheres to best practice         risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk and credit risk) and how these
and governance principles and maintains high ethical standards.         are managed, is set out on pages 84 and 85.

Climate Statement                                                       A description of the Group’s key non-ﬁnancial risks and how these
                                                                        are managed is set out in the Group’s Corporate Governance
EBOS Group Limited is a ‘climate reporting entity’ for the purposes
                                                                        Statement. These risks include: competition risk, reliance on key
of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (NZ). The Company
                                                                        suppliers, supply chain disruption and macroeconomic conditions,
expects to release its second climate statement in late September
                                                                        signiﬁcant changes to price, industry or pharmacy regulation,
2025 and it will be made available at: https://www.ebosgroup.com/
                                                                        product liability and litigation risk, cyber risk, health and safety
sustainability/climate-statement.
                                                                        risk, loss of critical operations and acquisition and major capital
Corporate Governance Statement                                          expenditure project risk.

The 2025 Corporate Governance Statement relating to the                 With regard to the impact of climate change and, in particular,
Company and its subsidiaries (the Group) can be found at:               the impact of severe weather events, these factors are considered
https://www.ebosgroup.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.              as part of specific non-financial risks, in particular supply
The Corporate Governance Statement refers to a number of codes,         chain disruption and loss of critical warehouse operations.
policies and charters of the Group. These documents (or a summary       The Company has undertaken a thorough climate risk assessment
of them) can be found at https://www.ebosgroup.com/who-we-are/          and identified climate related risks and opportunities with
corporate-governance.                                                   materiality assessments of the risks and opportunities ongoing.
                                                                        Further information will be included in the Company’s second
Risk management                                                         climate statement expected to be released in late September 2025.
Risk management is an integral part of the Group’s business.            Access to advice and auditors
The Group has an enterprise risk management framework,
designed to promote a culture which ensures a proactive and             As set out in the Group’s Corporate Governance Code, a director
consistent approach to identifying and mitigating risk on a Group-      may obtain independent advice at the expense of the Company on
wide basis.                                                             issues related to the fulfilment of their duties as a director, subject
                                                                        to obtaining the approval of the Audit & Risk Committee prior to
Our approach to risk management provides clarity on roles and           incurring any advisory fees.
responsibilities to minimise the impact of ﬁnancial, operational and
sustainability risks on our business. Under this approach, the Board    In addition, it is open to the Audit & Risk Committee to meet
approves the strategic risk proﬁle and risk appetite statements         external auditors and internal auditors without management
(which describe the level of risk the Group is willing to take in       present.
relation to speciﬁc risk categories) for the Group. The Board reviews
                                                                        Corporate Governance Disclosures
the strategic risk proﬁle from time to time.
                                                                        For the purposes of compliance with the NZ Companies Act,
The Audit & Risk Committee assists the Board by monitoring the
                                                                        NZX Listing Rules and NZX Corporate Governance Code dated
strategic risk proﬁle and implementation of the risk appetite levels
                                                                        31 January 2025 (NZX Code), the following disclosures are included
that were set by the Board. The monitoring of the strategic risk
                                                                        in the Annual Report.
proﬁle is part of a standing agenda item for each regular Audit &
Risk Committee meeting.                                                 Diversity

Management reports to the Board and the Audit & Risk Committee          The Group has a Diversity & Inclusion Policy which is set out as
on whether the Group’s material business risks are being managed        Appendix F of the Corporate Governance Code. Under the policy,
effectively and updates the risk rating of strategic risks on an        the Board is responsible for setting measurable objectives for
ongoing basis, presenting proposed changes to the Board or              achieving diversity. The Board set the objectives for the year ended
the Audit & Risk Committee as required. As such, this process           30 June 2025 (FY25) in June 2024. Set out below is the Board’s
is continuous and is designed to provide advanced warning of            assessment of those objectives for FY25:
material risks before they eventuate and includes:

• signiﬁcant risk identiﬁcation;
• risk impact quantiﬁcation;
• risk mitigation strategy development;
• reporting; and
• monitoring and evaluation to ensure the ongoing integrity of the
   risk management process.




98
                                                                                                               Corporate Governance




Objective                                  Progress during FY25

Maintain gender diversity in relation      There were two new appointments to the Board during FY25.
to the composition of the Board, with
                                           As at 30 June 2025, the gender diversity of the Board had increased to 57% female
not less than 30% of directors being
                                           participation, compared to 30 June 2024, when it was 50%.
female and not less than 30% of
directors being male.

Aim to increase the proportion of          As at 30 June 2025, there was no change to the percentage representation of women at the
women in executive and senior              Executive Leadership Team and ELT-1 levels compared to 30 June 2024.
leadership roles by identifying internal
                                           The Talent Council (comprised of the ELT and other senior management) met during FY25
talent through robust succession
                                           to discuss talent and succession and to look for opportunities to develop capability across
planning, developing female leaders
                                           the Group. The Talent Council, supported by policies such as the Recruitment and Selection
and acquiring external talent through
                                           Policy, enables senior leaders to focus on gender balance in their teams and to ensure a
fair and objective recruitment
                                           diverse representation of both decision makers and candidates.
practices.
                                           The Group again invested in its key sponsorship and development program called ‘Catalyst’.
                                           The commitment to 40:40:20 representation on the program was achieved with the current
                                           intake of the program tracking at 50% female representation.


Assess and analyse the gender              The Group reported to the Board on the Gender Pay Gap (GPG) in Australia as required
pay gap at EBOS annually and               under its legal obligations and submitted reports to WGEA. For the 1 April 2023 to the
report to the Board and Workplace          31 March 2024 reporting period, the Group had a 22.9% GPG in Australia on an average basis
Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) in           and a median GPG in Australia of 3.8% when using total remuneration (i.e. base salary plus
accordance with obligations.               short- and long-term incentives). The reports to WGEA can be accessed via the Employer
                                           Data Explorer section of the WGEA website (https://www.wgea.gov.au/Data-Explorer/
                                           Employer)

                                           The Group also made submissions in accordance with the Australian Workplace Gender
                                           Equality Act requirements in regard to the FY25 reporting period which will be released by
                                           WGEA in March 2026. The public compliance report generated though this submission is
                                           available on the EBOS Group website.

                                           The Group has a Diversity and Inclusion Strategy which assists the Group to strive for
                                           gender balance across the organisation which is expected to assist in closing the GPG.

Continue to promote family friendly        There has been ongoing support for flexible working during FY25, as many of our knowledge
and flexible work place practices          workers continue to engage in hybrid work arrangements where arrangements suit the
including but not limited to a             individual, the team and the organisation.
commitment to supporting those on
                                           In FY25 parental leave returns were monitored and tracked. 82% of those who took parental
parental leave, supporting flexible
                                           leave returned to the business after their leave.
return to work arrangements and
on-going flexible work arrangements        During the year, the Group revised its Family and Domestic Violence Policy to include
that suit both the organisation and the    references to more extensive support services for team members that experience family
individual.                                and domestic violence.

                                           In early 2025, the Group launched a new Parental Leave Policy for employees in New
                                           Zealand. Expanding on statutory entitlements, eligible employees can benefit from an
                                           enhanced benefits for both partners and primary carers.


Continue to commit to the EBOS             The Group successfully concluded the pilot First Nations Employment Program in
Reconciliation Action Plan in Australia    partnership with a labour hire partner, Indigenous Defence and Infrastructure Consortium
and improving cultural awareness           (IDIC) and Australian Training Works (ATW). The program allows for the attainment of a
across both Australia and New              ‘Certificate 3’ in Supply Chain for participants and a pathway to permanent employment.
Zealand.                                   The program will continue in FY26.


Educate our leaders through training       Our online Integrity Training supports the education of our leaders and teams on the
to ensure they are equipped and can        importance of diversity, appropriate workplace behaviour and compliance. Modules include
role model the principles outlined in      topics such as anti-bullying and anti-harassment, diversity and inclusion and First Nations
our workplace policies.                    cultural awareness.

                                           In FY25, EBOS continued to be a member of NAWO which is the National Association of
                                           Women in Operations. NAWO’s vision is to see diversity valued and balanced at every level in
                                           operations.




                                                                                                                                        99
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Gender representation

The Group’s gender representation as at 30 June 2025 was as follows:


    Board                              Female %            Female (no.)        Male %              Male (no.)          Gender Diverse %           Gender Diverse (no.)

    2023/24                            50%                 3                   50%                 3                   0%                         0

    2024/25                            57%                 4                   43%                 3                   0%                         0



    Officer*                           Female %            Female (no.)        Male %              Male (no.)          Gender Diverse %           Gender Diverse (no.)

    2023/24                            27%                 3                   73%                 8                   0%                         0

    2024/25                            27%                 3                   73%                 8                   0%                         0

* Officer has the meaning given in the NZX Listing Rules.



    Group                               Female %               Male %

    2023/24                             56                     44

    2024/25                             56                     44



Director independence                                                                      The Board has determined that six of the seven current directors
The Board’s assessment of the independence of each person that                             are Independent. In relation to Mr Muscio, he was, within the last
                                                                                           three years, employed in an executive role by the Group. While
was a director as at 30 June 2025 is set out below.
                                                                                           the Board considers that Mr Muscio brings considerable skills
                                                                                           and experience as a non-executive director, it is acknowledged
    Name                           Status                      Appointment date
                                                                                           that he held long standing executive roles with EBOS and, prior
    Elizabeth Coutts               Independent     1
                                                               July 2003                   to this, LifeHealthcare (which was acquired by EBOS in 2022) and
                                                                                           accordingly he is not currently regarded as Independent given the
    Tracey Batten                  Independent                 July 2021                   nature of those positions. In relation to Elizabeth Coutts, she has
                                                                                           been an independent non-executive director of EBOS for more
    Mark Bloom                     Independent                 September 2022              than 12 years. The Board is unanimously of the view that she brings,
                                                                                           amongst other things, an independent view to decisions in relation
    Coline McConville              Independent                 February 2025
                                                                                           to EBOS and that her tenure is not, of itself, an indication that she is
    Stuart McLauchlan              Independent                 July 2019                   no longer Independent.

                                                                                           The Board considers that a mix of tenure amongst directors is of
    Matthew Muscio                 Not independent             January 2025
                                                                                           benefit to the Company and its shareholders and has in recent
    Julie Tay                      Independent                 May 2023                    years undertaken a considered and carefully timed succession
                                                                                           process. Since July 2021, five directors have been appointed,
                                                                                           of which four are Independent, and a number of long-standing
                                                                                           directors have retired during this period.




1
    Independent means that the director is considered to be an Independent Director as defined under the NZX Listing Rules and independent having regard to the factors set
     out in the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles & Recommendations.


100
                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance




NZX Code
Under NZX Listing Rule 3.8.1(b), EBOS is required to state in the annual report which recommendations in the NZX Code were not followed in
the financial year ended 30 June 2025.



    Recommendation                 Comment

    3.4 – Nomination               The Board does not have a nomination committee. The Board has determined, having regard to the current
    Committee                      composition of the Board, that a nomination committee is not currently required. The Board undertakes the
                                   functions that were previously delegated to a nominations committee.


    5.2 – remuneration             EBOS has a remuneration policy which is approved by the Board. The Remuneration Committee determines
    policy                         the relative weightings each year. The policy itself does not include the relative weightings of remuneration and
                                   performance criteria. This information is included in the Company’s Corporate Governance Statement
                                   (as required under the policy) and the Annual Report to ensure it accurately reflects the remuneration structures.


    8.4 – equity raising           The Board acknowledges NZX Code Recommendation 8.4 regarding the offer of further securities on a pro rata
                                   basis. In considering options regarding capital raisings, the Board will take into account a number of factors
                                   including the Recommendation however its decision will be based on the best outcome for the Company.

                                   On 10 April 2025, the Company announced that would raise approximately A$250 million by way of a placement
                                   and retail offer (share purchase plan) to fund two acquisitions with excess funds to provide further balance sheet
                                   capacity.

                                   The Board elected to use a combination of a placement and a retail offer as the structure provided the tightest
                                   pricing, quickest execution and time to settlement and was able to be structured to give the vast majority of
                                   the Company’s shareholders the opportunity to maintain their relative shareholdings if desired. Further, the
                                   dilutionary impact of the placement was limited given the small overall size of the placement (which constituted
                                   approximately 3% of EBOS’ issued share capital at the time). By contrast, a rights issue would have resulted in it
                                   taking longer to complete the institutional offer, had a bigger discount, a longer settlement period, and therefore
                                   greater exposure to market risk, and higher fees particularly given the volatility in market conditions at the time.

                                   As part of the placement allocation process, EBOS and the lead manager applied an allocation policy to ensure
                                   fairness for existing shareholders with eligible shareholders that bid for an amount up to their ‘pro rata’ share
                                   allocated their full bid on a best endeavours basis.

                                   The retail offer price was structured to provide participating shareholders with downside pricing protection for
                                   the period between the announcement of the placement and retail offer and the closing of the retail offer.
                                   In addition, the retail offer was sized to ensure pro rata availability for shareholders.1 Further, in recognition of the
                                   support from shareholders, the Board determined to accept oversubscriptions for the retail offer such that all
                                   valid applications from retail shareholders were accepted.




1
    Pro rata allocation based on the announced offer size on 10 April 2025, comprising a A$200 million placement and A$50 million retail offer.




                                                                                                                                                                  101
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Remuneration Overview
Remuneration Overview                                                  In respect of short-term incentives, in FY25 the Remuneration
Dear Shareholders,                                                     Committee introduced specific additional criteria which must
                                                                       be met before a short-term incentive is payable to an executive,
On behalf of EBOS’ Board of Directors, I am pleased to present         being achievement of a Work Health and Safety (WHS) Index
EBOS’ remuneration overview for the Company and its controlled         and demonstrating behaviour consistent with the Group’s Code
entities (the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2025 (FY25).           of Ethics. Those criteria will be retained for the FY26 short-term
                                                                       incentive. In respect of other targets for the short-term incentive,
As the Chair of the Board and their Remuneration Committee,
                                                                       the Board continues to be of the view that a profitability measure
I work with my fellow directors to ensure there is an appropriate
                                                                       remains appropriate for an organisation of EBOS’ maturity and
level of transparency around EBOS’ approach to remuneration to
                                                                       complexity.
support stakeholder confidence in EBOS’ executive and director
remuneration processes. The Board remains focussed on ensuring         During FY25, the Remuneration Committee reviewed the
that our remuneration structures include incentives that are           performance measures for the long-term incentive, with the review
aligned with our short-term and long-term performance.                 including consultation with stakeholders. Following this review, the
                                                                       Remuneration Committee has determined to introduce a return
FY25 Performance and Remuneration Outcomes
                                                                       on capital employed (ROCE) target, together with retaining an EPS
In FY25 EBOS delivered a result that highlights EBOS’ continued        target, for performance rights related to the period 1 July 2025 –
track record of solid organic growth, operational excellence and       30 June 2028. The introduction of the ROCE target, together
strategic execution. The operating results included underlying         with EPS, is designed to incentivise the delivery of long-term and
revenue growth of 12.1% and underlying EBITDA of $585 million, up      sustainable growth, further aligning executive remuneration
7.5% on the previous financial year. The FY25 EBITDA result was in     outcomes with the long-term financial performance of the Group.
line with our guidance range of $575 million to $600 million.
                                                                       The Remuneration Committee will continue to review the Group’s
In addition, EBOS continued to execute its strategy of investing       incentive plans to ensure they remain fit for purpose as the business
for growth, including completing five acquisitions, with three         grows.
investments in the Medical Technology business in Southeast Asia,
and two investments in Animal Care.                                    Thank you to all EBOS shareholders for your continued support
                                                                       this year.
The Board assessed the performance of the CEO against set
targets. The short-term incentive of the CEO was assessed on
the annual earnings performance of the Group and the Board
determined that the FY25 short term incentive would continue to be
set by reference to the Group’s underlying EBITDA growth, aligning
                                                                       Elizabeth Coutts
the incentive with a key financial metric reported to shareholders.
                                                                       Chair of the Board and Remuneration Committee
The long-term incentive for the three-year period ended 30 June
2025 was assessed on the three-year EPS CAGR growth achieved
by the Group.

As we describe in the report below, the short-term incentive for the
CEO for FY25 was awarded at ‘target’. The EPS CAGR growth target
of the long-term incentive for the three-year period ended 30 June
2025 was not achieved and those performance rights will lapse.

Executive Remuneration Framework
In order to drive sustainable business performance and to execute
its strategic plan, EBOS must attract and retain people of a high
calibre. Accordingly, executive remuneration is set with regard to
this and other key business objectives, including encouraging a
long-term commitment to EBOS Group.

EBOS aligns components of executive remuneration with the
performance of EBOS (that is, pay-for-performance alignment).
As such, executive remuneration comprises fixed and ‘at risk’
elements which are both short and long-term in nature. The
purpose of this structure is to ensure that the interests of the
executives, EBOS and its shareholders are aligned during the period
over which the business results are realised.

The Board, through the Remuneration Committee, periodically
reviews the structure of the short-term and long-term incentive
plans for executives.




102
                                                                                                                     Remuneration Overview




Structure of this report                                                Section 2: Remuneration Governance
This remuneration overview is structured as follows:                    As set out in the Charter for the Remuneration Committee,
                                                                        the Committee is responsible for reviewing, recommending and,
1. Remuneration Philosophy and Principles
                                                                        if delegated by the Board, setting, in accordance with EBOS’
2. Remuneration Governance                                              Remuneration Policy and practices, all components of the
3. Executive Remuneration Framework                                     remuneration of the directors and executives. The charter for the
                                                                        Remuneration Committee is available on EBOS’ website:
4. CEO Remuneration
                                                                        https://www.ebosgroup.com/who-we-are/corporate-governance.
5. Non-Executive Director Remuneration
                                                                        The Remuneration Committee is responsible for:
6. Employee Payment Bands
                                                                        • approving the remuneration of executives; and
Section 1: Remuneration Philosophy and Principles
                                                                        • recommending non-executive director remuneration to the Board
EBOS has a Remuneration Policy which relates to the remuneration
                                                                           (within a fee pool approved by shareholders).
of the directors and senior executives of EBOS. A copy of the
policy is available on EBOS’ website: https://www.ebosgroup.            The Board is responsible for:
com/who-we-are/corporate-governance. As described in that
policy, EBOS believes that it is in the best interests of both EBOS     • approving non-executive director remuneration
and its employees to pay everyone fairly for the value of the work         (within a fee pool approved by shareholders); and
performed, in a financially responsible manner.                         • approval of remuneration policies.
EBOS adopts an objective, robust and market-competitive system          The members of the Remuneration Committee during the year were
to determine the remuneration levels of roles at EBOS based on the      Independent Directors Elizabeth Coutts (Chair), Stuart McLauchlan
job requirements, skills and experience, and knowledge required         and Tracey Batten. The CEO attends each meeting by a standing
of a fully competent job incumbent without bias. This approach is       invitation, as well as the EGM, Human Resources. The Committee is
also flexible enough to ensure that EBOS is able to recruit, develop    entitled to meet without the CEO. Other employees are involved in
and retain a highly qualified workforce. The Remuneration Policy        these meetings on an as-needed basis and only by invitation.
is reinforced by EBOS’ Values and Leadership Standards which
recognises the Group’s overarching commitments to safety,               Section 3: Executive Remuneration Framework
diversity, respect, sustainability, ethical behaviour and appropriate
                                                                        a. Summary
risk management. Attracting, developing and retaining people of a
high calibre is critical to support sustainable business performance    The Group’s Executive Remuneration Framework is a transparent
and execution of strategy, and the remuneration of directors and        structure comprising three elements.
executives is set having regard to this.

Executive remuneration is benchmarked having regard
to comparably sized companies to EBOS on the ASX.
The benchmarking also has regard to the evolving complexity
in the EBOS business with EBOS operating across a number of
geographies (New Zealand, Australia, Southeast Asia and the
United States) and sectors, the requirements of the individual
position and relevant internal and external pay relativities.

The remuneration framework is structured to promote the long-
term sustainable growth of the Group with a significant portion of
performance-based executive remuneration awarded as rights
to equity to reinforce alignment with the interests of EBOS and
its shareholders over this period. In this way, executive pay-for-
performance is aligned with stakeholder (including shareholder)
experience over the longer term.




                                                                                                                                       103
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Table 1: Executive Remuneration Framework Summary

                                        Fixed                                                     Variable

                       Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR)         Short-Term Incentive (STI)                 Long-Term Incentive (LTI)

How is it delivered?   Cash                                   Cash                                       Performance Rights

How does it work?      Fixed remuneration consists of         The STI is an annual performance           The LTI comprises a grant of
                       base salary and may include            dependent cash payment based on            Performance Rights.
                       a component of compulsory              business performance.
                                                                                                         The LTI aligns Group performance
                       superannuation contributions for
                                                              Business performance is measured:          to executive reward through a direct
                       Australian-based executives and
                                                                                                         link to the EBOS Group share price
                       KiwiSaver contributions for            • For all executives, by Group
                                                                                                         and Group financial performance.
                       New Zealand-based executives.             financial performance, with FY24
                                                                 STIs paid during FY25 based on          LTI rights issued prior to
                       Executives’ fixed remuneration is
                                                                 Group underlying EBITDA and FY25        30 June 2025 are tested against:
                       set having regard to:
                                                                 STIs expected to be paid shortly
                                                                                                         • 3-year Earnings per Share
                       • The person’s position                  after the release of this report also
                                                                                                            Compound Annual Growth Rate
                          accountabilities, qualifications,      based on underlying EBITDA; and
                                                                                                            (EPS CAGR), and
                          and experience;
                                                              • For those executives with business      • Continued employment with EBOS.
                       • Performance and record of              unit responsibilities, by business
                          achievement at EBOS; and               unit underlying EBITDA.                 LTI rights to be issued in respect of
                                                                                                         the period from 1 July 2025 to
                       • Relevant market data for            The following criteria must be met         30 June 2028 will be tested against:
                          similar positions at comparable     before an STI is paid:
                          companies, generally on the ASX.                                               • Underlying 3-year cash earnings
                                                              • achievement of a WHS Index as              per Share Compound Annual
                                                                 defined by the Group; and                  Growth Rate (EPS CAGR);
                                                              • the participant’s behaviour             • Achievement of a return on capital
                                                                 must be consistent with their              employed (ROCE) target; and
                                                                 employment contract and the             • Continued employment with EBOS.
                                                                 Group’s Code of Ethics.
                                                                                                         Further details are set out in sections
                                                              Further details are set out in section     (c) and (d) below.
                                                              (b) below.

What is its purpose?   To attract and retain executives       Aligns individual performance and          Aligns an individual with the medium
                       with competitive remuneration in       behaviours with the Board-approved         to long term financial performance
                       our markets.                           strategic and financial objectives of      of the Group, thereby closely
                                                              EBOS for a financial year.                 aligning them with shareholders.

                                                                                                         Provides an opportunity to receive
                                                                                                         equity and share in the future
                                                                                                         growth of EBOS.

What is the time       Salary and superannuation paid         1 financial year.                          3 financial years.
horizon?               throughout a financial year.
                                                              The Board will only approve an STI         The Board will only approve an LTI
(See also table
                                                              at the same time as the financial          vesting after the financial results
below)
                                                              results for that financial year are        for the last year of the performance
                                                              finalised and the audit is completed.      period are finalised and the audit is
                                                                                                         completed.




104
                                                                                                                                Remuneration Overview




      Time Horizons

                       FY25                                     FY26                          FY27                              FY28


       Performance Period through the year
TFR




       Salary paid through the year




       Performance Period (1 year)
STI




       Paid in cash, subject to conditions,
       post FY25 results




       Performance Period (3 years)
LTI




       Performance Rights vest, subject to conditions, post FY27 results




b. Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan

Table 2: FY25 STI plan

 Feature                              Approach

 Purpose                              Align individual performance and behaviours with the Board-approved strategic and financial objectives of
                                      EBOS for a financial year.
                                      Provide individuals with a competitive market position for total cash reward (i.e. variable and fixed pay
                                      components).

 Instrument                           Cash.

 Performance Criteria                 The performance measures for the STI are set by reference to the executive’s responsibilities and particular
                                      projects relevant to that executive and the business or function for which they are responsible.

                                      The following business criteria must be met before any payments are made:

                                      • Group financial performance measures for the financial year; and
                                      • for those with business unit responsibilities business unit EBITDA targets for the financial year.

                                      For the FY24 STIs paid during FY25 and the FY25 STIs expected to be paid shortly after release of this report,
                                      Group financial performance was measured by reference to Group underlying EBITDA.

                                      The FY25 STI for the Executive Leadership Team included a stretch incentive to explicitly incentivise and
                                      reward outperformance and the achievement of certain financial outcomes by EBOS.

                                      In addition, for the FY25 STI, the following additional criteria must be met before any payments are made:

                                      • achievement of a WHS Index as defined by the Group; and
                                      • the participant must have demonstrated behaviour that is consistent with their employment contract and
                                         the Group’s Code of Ethics.

                                      The Board through the Remuneration Committee determines what the targets are for a financial year and
                                      if these targets have been achieved. Targets are set having regard to the Board-approved budget for the
                                      relevant year, with the overarching objective being that targets are achievable but sufficiently challenging.

                                      The Board oversees key activities and initiatives of management (including in relation to sustainability
                                      and health & safety). In line with the Board’s expectation that Management is accountable for a range of
                                      activities, including implementation of sustainability and health & safety initiatives, the Board (itself or
                                      through the Remuneration Committee) also has the flexibility to consider non-financial STI performance
                                      measures and award STI payments for special, strategically important and/or transformative projects.
                                      Accordingly, the Remuneration Committee introduced a WHS Index for the FY25 STI. More broadly, the
                                      Remuneration Committee factors in health and safety leadership and progress in relation to the Group’s
                                      ESG program when determining the CEO STI outcome.


                                                                                                                                                     105
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Table 2: FY25 STI plan continued

 Feature                       Approach

 Board discretion and          The Board has discretion as to if an STI will operate for a financial year and who participates in the STI.
 Clawback
                               The Board has discretion to clawback, reduce or forfeit part or all of an STI award to ensure a participant does
                               not derive an unfair benefit, including where:

                               (a) the participant:

                               •a
                                 cts, or has acted, fraudulently or dishonestly or made a material misstatement on behalf of any Group
                                company;
                               • is in breach of any of their duties or obligations to any Group company (including a breach of their
                                  obligations under their employment contract);
                               • has engaged in negligence or gross misconduct;
                               •h
                                 as done an act which could reasonably be regarded to have contributed to material reputation damage to
                                any Group company; or
                               • is convicted of an offence or has a judgment entered against them in connection with the affairs of any
                                  Group company, or

                               (b) the participant’s award has been made as a result of:

                               • the fraud, dishonesty, negligence or breach of duties or obligations of any person; or
                               •a
                                 material misstatement or omission in the financial statements of the Group or any other circumstances
                                or events which, in the opinion of the Board, affect or are reasonably likely to affect the Group’s financial
                                soundness or require restatement.




c. Long-Term Incentive (LTI)

Table 3: FY25 LTI plan


 Feature                       Approach

 Purpose                       Align a portion of executives’ total remuneration with the medium to long term performance of the Group’s
                               financial performance and share price.

                               Provide individuals with a competitive market position for total reward (i.e. variable and fixed pay components).

 Instrument                    Performance rights which are rights to acquire ordinary shares in EBOS for nil consideration.


 Performance period            Three years from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2027 (i.e. FY25-FY27).

 Performance Criteria          FY25-FY27 performance rights

                               The performance criteria (vesting conditions) for executives are:

                               • continuous employment with the Group; and

                               • growth in EBOS’ earnings per share over the performance period must equal or exceed a specific
                                  compound annual growth percentage target. Further detail on the EPS CAGR condition set by the
                                  Remuneration Committee in FY25 is set out in section d below.

                               The vesting conditions for the FY25 LTI includes a ‘stretch’ target for certain senior executives to incentivise
                               and reward outperformance by EBOS.

                               The performance criteria are assessed at the end of the 3 year performance period (with no retesting in
                               future periods).

                               The vesting conditions may be amended, reduced or waived in whole or in part by the Board, subject to
                               applicable law.

                               The Board also has the flexibility to consider broader performance criteria, including capital efficiency and/or
                               non-financial objectives, and award LTI payments for special, strategically important and/or transformative
                               projects (to drive significant outperformance and retain key executives over the relevant period).

                               The Board is currently of the view that key financial measures remain appropriate to assess the
                               medium-to-long term performance of EBOS and its executive team.


106
                                                                                                                        Remuneration Overview




Table 3: FY25 LTI plan continued

 Feature                     Approach

 Performance Criteria        FY26-FY28 performance rights

                             The Remuneration Committee, on behalf of the Board, undertook a review of the LTI performance measures
                             during FY25. In respect of the performance rights expected to be issued for the period from 1 July 2025 to
                             30 June 2028 (FY26-FY28 rights), the Remuneration Committee has approved performance measures based
                             on ROCE, in addition to EPS as follows:

                             • 75% of the award will be linked to growth in EBOS’ earnings per share over the performance period; and
                             • 25% of the award will be linked to ROCE in the third year of the performance period.


 Settlement                  If the Board determines that performance rights have vested it may determine with respect to each vested
                             right whether to:

                             • allot and issue, or transfer, shares to a participant (equity settle); and/or
                             • pay a cash amount to a participant equivalent to the ‘market value’ of a share as at the date of vesting of
                                the performance rights (cash settle). The market value of an EBOS share is calculated by reference to the
                                volume weighted average price of EBOS shares on the NZX for the 5 trading days immediately prior to the
                                date that the Board determines the rights have vested.


 Dividends and               Performance rights do not have voting rights or accrue dividends.
 voting rights


 Board discretion            The Board has discretion as to if an LTI will operate for a period and who participates in the LTI.
 and Clawback
                             The Board has discretion to adjust downwards (including to zero) unvested or vested LTI awards where,
                             in the opinion of the Board:

                             (a) the participant:

                             • acts, or has acted, fraudulently or dishonestly or made a material misstatement on behalf of any Group
                                company;
                             • is in breach of any of their duties or obligations to any Group company (including a breach of their
                                obligations under their employment contract);
                             • has engaged in negligence or gross misconduct;
                             • has done an act which could reasonably be regarded to have contributed to material reputation damage to
                                any Group company; or
                             • is convicted of an offence or has a judgment entered against them in connection with the affairs of any
                                Group company, or

                             (b) a participant’s performance rights vest, or may vest, as a result of:

                             • the fraud, dishonesty, negligence or breach of duties or obligations of any person; or
                             • a material misstatement or omission in the financial statements of the Group or any other circumstances
                                or events which, in the opinion of the Board, affect or are reasonably likely to affect the Group’s
                                financial soundness or require restatement of the Group’s financial accounts (including as a result of
                                misrepresentations, errors, omissions or negligence), and, in the opinion of the Board, the performance
                                rights would not have otherwise vested.

 Restriction on hedging      Hedging of performance rights by executives is prohibited under the plan rules and EBOS’ Securities
                             Trading Policy.

 Change of control           Vesting of performance rights is subject to Board discretion.


 Cessation of employment     Resignation: subject to the Board determining otherwise, unvested performance rights are forfeited.

                             Termination for cause: if an executive’s employment is terminated for cause, subject to the Board
                             determining otherwise, unvested and vested performance rights are forfeited.

                             Termination without cause (including circumstances such as redundancy and retirement): the Board shall
                             determine the treatment of unvested performance rights. All vested performance rights remain on foot
                             unless otherwise determined by the Board.




                                                                                                                                          107
EBOS Annual Report 2025




d. LTI hurdle explained
Each year, the Remuneration Committee reviews the LTI targets and vesting conditions in the context of EBOS’ operating environment and
performance.

FY25-FY27 performance rights
The Remuneration Committee approved a threshold underlying cash EPS CAGR target of 2% for the FY25 LTI grant. Details of the vesting
schedule are outlined in the table below:


Table 4: FY25/FY27 performance rights financial performance condition

 Underlying 3-year cash EPS CAGR target                      % of Award to vest

 Less than 2%                                                Nil

 Between 2% and 6.5%                                         Straight-line pro rata vesting between 50% and 100%

 Above 6.5%                                                  100%


As noted above, an additional performance measure based on ROCE with a range of 13.4%-15% will be introduced for performance rights to
be issued in FY26.

e. Executive Remuneration Mix

The weightings of executive remuneration components is as determined by the Remuneration Committee each year having regard to
market practice, the responsibilities of the CEO and the Executive Leadership Team, the performance of EBOS Group and any strategic
projects of EBOS Group from time to time. The FY25 Target and Stretch remuneration mix for the CEO and Executive Leadership Team is
shown below.

Table 5: FY25 Target and Stretch Remuneration Mix


 CEO Total Remuneration Mix



                                              Total Fixed Remuneration                     STI                               LTI
CEO Total Target Remuneration Mix                       30.8%                             32.7%                             36.5%



                                                 Total Fixed                       STI                                     LTI
CEO Total Stretch Remuneration Mix              Remuneration                      36.4%                                   40.7%
                                                   22.9%



 Executive Leadership Total Remuneration Mix



Executive Leadership Team                            Total Fixed Remuneration                          STI                         LTI
Total Target Remuneration Mix                                  46.5%                                  27.6%                       26.9%



Executive Leadership Team                        Total Fixed Remuneration                      STI                             LTI
Total Stretch Remuneration Mix                             35.9%                              32.5%                           31.7%




* Table represents the average Target and Stretch Remuneration Mix of the Executive Leadership Team as of 30 June 2025.

The percentages above may differ to the actual (or realised) components of remuneration for the CEO set out in Table 6 as that table shows
the mix of remuneration actually realised in FY25.




108
                                                                                                                                 Remuneration Overview




Section 4: CEO Remuneration
a. CEO Resignation

Mr Cullity retired as Chief Executive Officer effective on 30 June 2025. Accordingly except as set out in b. below, section 4 relates to
Mr Cullity’s remuneration up to that date.

b. CEO Appointment

Mr Adam Hall commenced as CEO on 1 July 2025. His remuneration broadly reflects the Executive Remuneration Framework above.

Table 6 sets out the structure and relative weightings of Mr Hall’s remuneration structure for FY26.


Table 6: FY26 CEO Remuneration Structure


                                                                  Target                    Stretch                  Target                Stretch

 Fixed Remuneration (Inclusive of superannuation)                             $1,350,000                              33%                    25%

 Short-Term Incentive                                            $1,215,000                $1,822,500                 30%                    34%

 Long-Term Incentive                                            $1,485,000                 $2,227,500                 37%                    41%

 Total ($)                                                      $4,050,000              $5,400,000

In addition, to the above Mr Hall also received a sign-on award to compensate him for existing incentive arrangements foregone with his
previous employer, comprising a cash payment and the issue of performance rights that will be subject to service/ continued employment
conditions only.
In respect of the Short Term Incentive for FY26, there are two criteria (or ‘gates’) that must be met before a payment will be made, being
achievement of the WHS Index as defined by the Group and demonstrating behaviour consistent with the Group’s Code of Ethics. The
performance condition will be measured by reference to underlying EBITDA.

In respect of the Long Term Incentives to be issued in FY26, the performance conditions will be as described in Table 3, being measured by
reference to earnings per share and ROCE.


c. FY25 Total Realised Remuneration

The table below summarises the realised remuneration outcomes for Mr Cullity for FY25 and FY24.

Table7: Summary of total realised remuneration (all figures in A$)

 Financial                       Base Salary       Compulsory           TFR (including                  STI             LTI                Total
 year                                              Superannuation       compulsory
                                                                        superannuation)

 FY25 – outcome                  $1,574,708        $29,932              $1,604,640                      $1,700,000      $3,133,266*        $6,437,906

 FY25 – pay mix                                                         25%                             26%             49%

 FY24 – outcome                  $1,574,708        $27,398              $1,602,106                      $2,550,000      $2,496,083**       $6,648,189

 FY24 – pay mix                                                         24%                             38%             38%


* This relates to the settlement of 94,124 performance rights issued in July 2021 that vested during FY25 and were settled in cash and the issue of shares.
** This relates to the cash settlement of 75,000 performance rights issued in August 2020 that vested during FY24.




                                                                                                                                                        109
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Each component of Mr Cullity’s remuneration in FY25 is described more fully below.

d. Past Financial Performance

The table below presents the financial performance for EBOS Group Limited for the previous five financial years.

Table 8: Past financial performance


                                                                         2025                  2024              2023               2022               2021

    NPAT 1                                                           A$215.1m          A$271.5m            A$253.4m           A$202.6m           A$185.3m

    Basic EPS (Annual)                                            A$109.7cps          A$141.3cps          A$132.9cps         A$114.5cps         A$113.2cps

    Underlying EPS (Annual)                                        A$131.3cps         A$157.9cps          A$147.9cps         A$129.5cps         A$114.9cps

    Compound growth in Basic EPS (3 year)                                -1.4%              7.7%                 9.7%              8.4%               7.8%
                                                                   Per annum          Per annum            per annum         per annum         per annum
                                                                  (2023-2025)        (2022-2024)          (2021-2023)       (2020-2022)        (2019-2021)

    Compound growth in Underlying EPS (3 year)                           0.5%               11.2%               13.6%              11.2%             5.3%
                                                                   Per annum          Per annum            per annum         per annum         per annum
                                                                  (2023-2025)        (2022-2024)          (2021-2023)       (2020-2022)        (2019-2021)

    Share price at end of financial year                            NZ$38.45            NZ$32.22            NZ$36.75           NZ$39.01          NZ$32.30


    Market capitalisation at end of financial year                 NZ$7,814m         NZ$6,226m            NZ$7,041m          NZ$7,388m         NZ$5,302m

    Total dividends in period (NZ$ cps)                                  118.5                 118.5             110.0              96.0               88.5

    Total shareholder return (annual) 2                                23.3%                  (9.2)%            (3.2)%             23.7%             53.6%

                                                                        10.5%               9.3%               82.9%             79.8%              93.2%
    Total shareholder return (3 year)
                                                                  (2023-2025)        (2022-2024)         (2021-2023)       (2020-2022)         (2019-2021)

                                                                       102.0%             59.3%               128.2%             145.0%
    Total shareholder return (5 year)
                                                                  (2023-2025)       (2020-2024)          (2019-2023)        (2018-2022)

1
    Net profit after tax attributable to owners of the company.
2
    Total shareholder return is calculated as the share price at the end of the year plus dividends declared in relation to that year divided by the opening
     share price for the year.

Over the 5 year period ended 30 June 2025, EBOS has delivered Total Shareholder Returns of 102%. This return compares to the ASX 100 of
46.5% over the same period placing EBOS’ performance well above the index.

The following graph highlights the continued growth in the Group’s key performance measures that are directly related to the remuneration
of both the CEO and Executive Leadership Team.



Underlying EBITDA and Underlying Earnings Per Share Performance (FY21-FY25)


        Underlying EBITDA ($m)

        Underlying EPS (cents)
                                                                     157.9
                                                  147.9
                                                                                      131.3
                                 129.5                                624
               114.9                                                                  585


                                                   582
                                 437
                367




                2021             2022              2023               2024            2025


110
                                                                                                                             Remuneration Overview




d. Key terms of Mr Cullity’s employment restraint

Mr Cullity’s employment agreement as Chief Executive Officer ceased on 30 June 2025. An 18 month post employment restraint will apply to
Mr Cullity from the date of cessation of his employment.

e. Relative weightings of CEO remuneration

There was no change to the structure of Mr Cullity’s remuneration for FY23, FY24 or FY25. Accordingly, the table below sets out the
relative weightings of Mr Cullity’s remuneration structure in respect of FY24 and FY25. The actual remuneration outcome for Mr Cullity is
summarised in Table 5 above with further details on each element of Mr Cullity’s remuneration outcome set out in section f. below.


Table 9: CEO Remuneration Structure

                                                Target                      Stretch                      Target                     Stretch

 Fixed Remuneration                                         $1,604,640                                   30.8%                      22.9%


 Short-Term Incentive                         $1,700,000                  $2,550,000                      32.7%                     36.4%


 Long-Term Incentive                         $1,900,000                   $2,850,000                      36.5%                     40.7%


 Total ($)                                   $5,204,640                   $7,004,640



f. CEO Remuneration Outcomes for FY25

The amounts set out in Table 5 and this section differ from the amounts included in Note H4 to the Financial Report and the table of
employee remuneration included on pages 116 and 117 which are reported according to accounting standards and, in respect of the table of
employee remuneration, in New Zealand dollars as required under Section 211 of the Companies Act 1993.

The accounting values of remuneration reported in Note H4 do not reflect what a person was actually paid during the financial year due to
a number of factors including the timing of payments of STIs as well as the valuation of share-based payments.

Fixed remuneration
In FY25, Mr Cullity received a base salary of $1,574,708 and compulsory superannuation contributions of $29,932 for a total fixed
remuneration of $1,604,640.

STI Outcomes
The Board’s practice is to only approve the payment of an STI to the CEO upon finalisation of EBOS’ audited accounts for the relevant
financial year. The table below shows the STI earned in respect of the relevant year and the STI actually paid to the CEO during that
financial year.

Table 10: Summary of STI outcomes in the last 3 years

                             30 June 2022                  30 June 2023                30 June 2024                 30 June 2025

 FY23 STI Outcome
 $2,550,000


 FY24 STI Outcome
                                                                                                   *
 $2,550,000


 FY25 STI Outcome
 $1,700,000
                                                                                                                               **


       Earned        Paid


* Does not include special acquisition incentive paid as disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report.
** Expected STI to be paid shortly after the release of the Annual Report in respect of the Group’s FY25 results.




                                                                                                                                              111
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Table 11: FY25 CEO STI Scorecard

 Measures                                    Weighting                                               % achieved

                                                                       Threshold 1%                    Target 6.9%                    Stretch 10.2%
 Underlying EBITDA Growth
                                                 100%
 (on prior year)
                                                                                                                Achieved 7.5%


* The Board determined that the STI for FY25 would be paid at Target (100%) notwithstanding that the Underlying EBITDA result was slightly
above target (101%)



 Gate                              Description                                                            Yes/No

 WHS Index

 Health & Safety Leadership        Safety Leadership Walks completed                                      Yes

 Health & Safety Performance       Completion of Monthly WHS Packs; including                             Yes
                                   • site inspections,
                                   • toolbox talks and
                                   • training.

 Behaviour                         Demonstrates behaviour consistent with Group Code of Ethics            Yes




 Outcome                                                                % of Award

                                                                       Threshold                          Target                             Stretch

                                                                                                            Achieved




112
                                                                                                                              Remuneration Overview




FY25 STI details (to be paid in FY26)                                          •u
                                                                                 nderlying EBITDA growth of the Group of 4.4%
                                                                                (‘target STI entitlement’); and
In respect of FY25 performance, Mr Cullity will receive, shortly
after the release of this annual report, an STI payment of                     •u
                                                                                 nderlying EBITDA growth of the Group of 6.1%
$1,700,000 .                                                                    (‘maximum STI entitlement’),

The Board determined that the FY25 STI would be set by reference to:           with straight-line pro-rata vesting between these points.

• underlying EBITDA growth of the Group of 1% (‘threshold STI                 Mr Cullity’s target STI entitlement under the FY24 STI was
   entitlement’);                                                              $1,700,000 and his maximum STI entitlement was $2,550,000
                                                                               (150% of his target STI entitlement). As the stretch target for FY24
• underlying EBITDA growth of the Group of 6.9%
                                                                               was exceeded (underlying EBITDA growth was 7.3%), Mr Cullity
   (‘target STI entitlement’); and
                                                                               received his maximum STI entitlement of $2,550,000.
• underlying EBITDA growth of the Group of 10.2%
                                                                               As referred to in Table 2 above, the Board has broad discretion in
   (‘maximum STI entitlement’).
                                                                               relation to the award of STIs and health and safety leadership and
Mr Cullity’s target STI entitlement under the FY25 STI was                     progress in relation to the Group’s ESG program was factored into
$1,700,000 and his maximum STI entitlement was $2,550,000                      the Board’s determination of Mr Cullity’s STI outcome.
(150% of his target STI entitlement). The target STI entitlement
                                                                               LTI Outcomes
was exceeded (underlying EBITDA growth was 7.5%) and the
Remuneration Committee determined that Mr Cullity will receive                 The Board’s practice is to only approve the vesting of an LTI
his target STI entitlement of $1,700,000.                                      following finalisation of EBOS’ audited accounts for the last
                                                                               financial year of the relevant performance period.
As referred to in Table 2 above, the Board has broad discretion in
relation to the award of STIs and health and safety leadership and             FY22 LTI (paid in FY25)
progress in relation to the Group’s ESG program was factored into              During FY25, Mr Cullity received LTIs with a value at the time
the Board’s determination of Mr Cullity’s STI outcome.                         of vesting of $3,133,266. 2 This comprised the full vesting of
                                                                               94,124 performance rights issued to Mr Cullity in respect of the
FY24 STI details (paid in FY25)
                                                                               performance period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024. The Board
In respect of FY24 performance, Mr Cullity received an STI                     elected to satisfy the vesting of the performance rights by settling
payment of $2,550,000 in August 2024 (that is, during FY25)                    the performance rights with cash and equity on a 50/50 basis.
following the finalisation of EBOS’ FY24 audited accounts.                     Accordingly, Mr Cullity received:

The Board determined that the FY24 STI would be set by reference               • a cash payment of $1,566,633; and
to underlying EBITDA growth of the Group with ‘target’ and
                                                                               • 47,062 shares for nil consideration.
‘stretch’ elements as follows:
                                                                               The full vesting of the performance rights is as a result of the
                                                                               achievement of the EPS performance hurdles for the three year
                                                                               performance period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024, reinforcing
                                                                               alignment with shareholder value creation over this period.



Table 12: Summary of FY22 LTI which was paid in FY25


    Award                   Performance              Number of Rights         VWAP   2                 Equity Settlement           Cash Settlement
                            Period                   Vested                                            of Rights                   of Rights

    FY22 LTI                1 July 2021 to           94,124                   $33.28                   47,062 shares               $1,566,633
                            30 June 2024             (100% of grant)




2
    The value of the vested performance rights was calculated by reference to a price of A$33.28, being the volume weighted
     average price of EBOS shares on NZX for the 5 trading days immediately prior to the date that the Board determined that the
     rights have vested and converted to Australian dollars.                                                                                         113
EBOS Annual Report 2025




FY23 LTI (tested in FY26)

In relation to the 80,195 performance rights issued in respect of the performance period from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025 (FY23 LTI),
it is expected that all of these performance rights will lapse as the three year EPS CAGR performance condition has not been achieved.

FY25 LTI (granted in FY25)

The performance conditions for the performance rights granted during FY25 (FY25 LTI) are described in Table 3 above. There was no
change to the maximum LTI for Mr Cullity in granting the FY25 LTI. Accordingly, the maximum LTI in the form of equity instruments for Mr
Cullity, which is inclusive of a stretch component, is $2,850,000. The performance period is from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2027. Accordingly,
these rights remain unvested as at 30 June 2025 and the vesting conditions will be tested following the conclusion of the FY27 financial year.


Table 13: Summary of FY25 LTI which was granted on 22 July 2024


 Award                   Grant Date                       Number of Rights Granted          VWAP  3                Total Grant Face Value


 FY25 LTI                22 July 2024                     98,153                            NZ$32.23               $2,850,000



Summary of Mr Cullity’s LTIs

LTIs in the form of equity instruments received by Mr Cullity since the commencement of his employment with the Group in 2009 until
30 June 2025 are set out below:


Table 14: LTI summary


 Award           Performance Period                Instruments Granted               Vested/Unvested                       Percentage of
                                                                                                                           Grant Vested

 FY25 LTI        1 July 2024 to 30 June 2027       98,153 performance rights         Unvested                              Yet to be tested

 FY24 LTI        1 July 2023 to 30 June 2026       87,007 performance rights         Unvested                              Yet to be tested

 FY23 LTI        1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025       80,195 performance rights         Expected to lapse                     Nil

 FY22 LTI        1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024       94,124 performance rights         Vested (cash and equity settled)      100%

 FY21 LTI        1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023       75,000 performance rights         Vested (cash settled)                 100%

 FY20 LTI        1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022       45,455 performance rights         Vested (cash and equity settled)      100%

 FY19 LTI        1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021       47,500 performance rights         Vested (cash settled)                 100%

 FY18 LTI        1 July 2017 to 30 June 2020       110,000 loan-backed shares        Vested                                100%

 FY17 LTI        1 July 2016 to 30 June 2019       95,000 loan-backed shares         Vested                                100%




 The VWAP used to calculate the number of performance rights issued in FY25 was the 10 trading day VWAP on NZX shortly prior to the approval of
3

  the issue of the rights.


114
                                                                                                                       Remuneration Overview




Section 5: Non-Executive Director Remuneration

To support the attraction and retention of directors of the highest calibre and requisite expertise from New Zealand, Australia and
internationally, the Group aims to set remuneration of non-executive directors having regard to:

• the time commitment and responsibilities of the non-executive directors (including any commitment as a member of a standing or ad hoc
   Board committee and special exertion for significant project work outside of the normal workload for the Board and Committees); and

• market rates for non-executive director remuneration for comparable companies (by size, industry classification and complexity).
   The Board has regard to this as part of its succession planning and the attraction and retention of directors from, or with experience in,
   key geographic markets in which the Group operates, including Australia and Southeast Asia.

Non-executive director remuneration is in the form of fees. Non-executive directors do not receive performance-based or equity-based
remuneration.

Total remuneration for non-executive directors is subject to an aggregate fee pool limit of NZ$1,810,000 (including payments made in
respect of KiwiSaver and compulsory superannuation contributions) in any financial year. The fee pool was approved by shareholders at the
Annual Meeting held on 23 October 2024. The table below sets out the current fee allocations for director fees by position.

Table 15: Non-executive director fees by position

    Position                                                      Fees (NZ$)

    Chair                                                         $380,000

    Director (other than Chair)                                   $185,000

    Chair of Audit & Risk Committee                               $43,000

    Chair of Remuneration Committee                               $39,000

    Member of Audit & Risk Committee                              $21,500

    Member of Remuneration Committee                              $19,500

    Special exertion fee pool                                     $78,750

    Unallocated                                                   $77,250



Directors’ remuneration and other benefits required to be disclosed pursuant to section 211(1) of the Companies Act 1993 for the year ended
30 June 2025 were as follows:

Table 16: Non-executive director fees paid during FY25


    Director                Base Fee            Audit and Risk          Remuneration                Special Exertion         Total
                            (NZ$)               Committee (NZ$)         Committee (NZ$)             Fee (NZ$)                (NZ$)

    E Coutts                380,000             21,500                  39,000                      Nil                      440,500

    T Batten                185,000             Nil                     19,500                      Nil                      204,500

    M Bloom                 185,000             21,500                  Nil                         Nil                      206,500

    C McConville 4          76,569              Nil                     Nil                         Nil                      76,569

    S McLauchlan            185,000             43,000                  19,500                      Nil                      247,500

    M Muscio 5              92,500              Nil                     Nil                         Nil                      92,500

    J Tay                   185,000             Nil                     Nil                         Nil                      185,000

    P Williams 6            57,813              Nil                     Nil                         Nil                      57,813




4
    Ms McConville commenced as a director on 1 February 2025.
5
    Mr Muscio commenced as a director on 1 January 2025.
6
    Mr Williams ceased to be a director on 23 October 2024.
                                                                                                                                                115
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Section 6: Employee Payment Bands
Grouped below, in accordance with section 211 of the Companies Act 1993, are the number of employees or former employees of the
Company and its subsidiaries, including those based outside of New Zealand, who received remuneration and other benefits in their
capacity as employees totalling NZ$100,000 or more during the year.


 Employee                                                                                                              30 June 2025
 remuneration (NZ$)                                                                                             Number of Employees
 $100,000 to $110,000                                                                                                               304

 $110,000 to $120,000                                                                                                               232

 $120,000 to $130,000                                                                                                               189

 $130,000 to $140,000                                                                                                               142

 $140,000 to $150,000                                                                                                               114

 $150,000 to $160,000                                                                                                                99

 $160,000 to $170,000                                                                                                                82

 $170,000 to $180,000                                                                                                                76

 $180,000 to $190,000                                                                                                                75

 $190,000 to $200,000                                                                                                                52

 $200,000 to $210,000                                                                                                                51

 $210,000 to $220,000                                                                                                                50

 $220,000 to $230,000                                                                                                               30

 $230,000 to $240,000                                                                                                                27

 $240,000 to $250,000                                                                                                                31

 $250,000 to $260,000                                                                                                                33

 $260,000 to $270,000                                                                                                                17

 $270,000 to $280,000                                                                                                                12

 $280,000 to $290,000                                                                                                                17

 $290,000 to $300,000                                                                                                                16

 $300,000 to $310,000                                                                                                                 9

 $310,000 to $320,000                                                                                                                14

 $320,000 to $330,000                                                                                                                14

 $330,000 to $340,000                                                                                                                10

 $340,000 to $350,000                                                                                                                 6

 $350,000 to $360,000                                                                                                                 4

 $360,000 to $370,000                                                                                                                 6

 $370,000 to $380,000                                                                                                                 7

 $380,000 to $390,000                                                                                                                 8

 $390,000 to $400,000                                                                                                                 6

 $400,000 to $410,000                                                                                                                 4

 $410,000 to $420,000                                                                                                                 4

 $420,000 to $430,000                                                                                                                 4

 $430,000 to $440,000                                                                                                                 3

 $440,000 to $450,000                                                                                                                 1

 $450,000 to $460,000                                                                                                                 1

 $460,000 to $470,000                                                                                                                 3




116
                           Remuneration Overview




Employee                          30 June 2025
remuneration (NZ$)         Number of Employees
$480,000 to $490,000                         2

$500,000 to $510,000                         1

$510,000 to $520,000                         1

$520,000 to $530,000                         2

$530,000 to $540,000                         2

$540,000 to $550,000                         1

$550,000 to $560,000                        3

$560,000 to $570,000                         1

$600,000 to $610,000                         2

$610,000 to $620,000                         1

$620,000 to $630,000                         1

$670,000 to $680,000                         1

$680,000 to $690,000                         1

$690,000 to $700,000                         1

$700,000 to $710,000                         1

$710,000 to $720,000                         1

$820,000 to $830,000                         1

$830,000 to $840,000                         1

$840,000 to $850,000                         1

$880,000 to $890,000                         1

$920,000 to $930,000                         1

$950,000 to $960,000                         1

$1,000,000 to $1,010,000                     1

$1,110,000 to $1,120,000                     1

$1,130,000 to $1,140,000                     1

$1,160,000 to $1,170,000                     1

$1,220,000 to $1,230,000                     1

$1,380,000 to $1,390,000                     1

$1,390,000 to $1,400,000                     1

$1,410,000 to $1,420,000                     1

$1,810,000 to $1,820,000                     1

$2,060,000 to $2,070,000                     1

$2,790,000 to $2,800,000                     1




                                            117
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Directors’ Interests and Disclosures
Disclosure of interests                                                  M.P. Muscio: Director of ABT Nevada LLC, Origin Biologics LLC and
In accordance with section 140(2) of the Companies Act 1993, the         Tetrous Inc. Consultant via Third Bridge.
directors named below have made general disclosure of interest,          J. Tay: Director of Sonova Holding A.G.
by a general notice disclosed to the Board and entered in the
Company’s interests register during the year ended 30 June 2025,         Former director
as follows:
                                                                         P.J. Williams: none recorded.
E.M. Coutts: Chair of Oceania Healthcare Limited and 2Degrees
Group Limited, Consultant to Fonterra and Director of EBOS Group         Indemnity and Insurance
subsidiaries in New Zealand. Former member, Marsh New Zealand            In accordance with section 162 of the Companies Act 1993 and the
Advisory Board.                                                          constitution of the Company, the Company has given indemnities
                                                                         to, and has effected insurance for, the directors and executives
T.L. Batten: Director of Medibank Private Limited, and Nanosonics
                                                                         of the Company and its related companies which, except for
Limited. Former chair of Accident Compensation Corporation and
                                                                         some specific matters that are expressly excluded, indemnify
director of National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research
                                                                         and insure directors and executives against monetary losses as a
Limited.
                                                                         result of actions undertaken by them in the course of their duties.
M.A. Bloom: Director of Abacus Storage Operations Limited, Abacus        Specifically excluded are certain matters, such as the incurring of
Storage Funds Management Limited (the responsible entity for the         penalties and fines, which may be imposed for breaches of law.
Abacus Storage Property Trust), AGL Energy Limited, Metropolitan
Memorial Parks, Fambloom Beneficiary Pty Ltd, Fambloom Pty Ltd,          Use of information
Fambloom Super Pty Ltd and JewishCare NSW. Former director of            There were no notices from directors of the Company requesting to
Pacific Smiles Group Limited.                                            use Company information received in their capacity as directors,
                                                                         which would not otherwise have been available to them.
C. L. McConville: Director of Kings Cross General Partnership and
3i Group plc and Member of Supervisory Board of Tui AG.

S.J. McLauchlan: Chairman of Scott Technology Limited, Analog
Digital Instruments Limited, Cargill Hotel 2002 Ltd, G S McLauchlan
& Co, Otago Community Hospice and Wood Solutions. Director of
Southlink Health Education Trust, Argosy Property Ltd, Dunedin
Casinos Ltd and Scenic Hotels Group. Governor, NZ Sports Hall of
Fame. Former member, Marsh NZ Advisory Board.



Share dealings by Directors
The directors have disclosed to the Board under section 148(2) of the Companies Act 1993 the following particulars of acquisitions or
disposals of a relevant interest in the Company’s shares during the year ended 30 June 2025.


                                                         Ordinary Shares                    Consideration                           Date of
 Director                                               Purchased/(Sold)                   Paid/(Received)                      Transaction

Elizabeth Coutts                                                      1,364                   NZ$49,990.60                      13 May 2025

Tracey Batten                                                           272                    NZ$9,968.80                      13 May 2025

Mark Bloom                                                            2,000                        A$68,800                     30 May 2025

Stuart McLauchlan                                                       43                       NZ$1,482.21             18 September 2024

                                                                        39                      NZ$1,442.22                   21 March 2025

                                                                        95                      NZ$3,481.75                     13 May 2025




118
                                                                                                              Directors’ Interests and Disclosures




Directors’ shareholdings


    Director                                                                                                         30 June 2025      30 June 2024

    Elizabeth Coutts                 Indirect/ beneficial interest                                                           37,112          35,748

                                     Direct, non-beneficial interest – trustee of EBOS Staff Share Plan                      71,592           71,592

    Tracey Batten                    Direct interest                                                                          1,772           1,500

    Mark Bloom                       Indirect/ beneficial interest                                                           2,000               Nil

    Stuart McLauchlan                Indirect/ beneficial interest                                                           2,630            2,453



Attendance at Board and Committee meetings


    Director                                                                 Board                    Audit & Risk                Remuneration

                                                                        Eligible                   Eligible                     Eligible
                                                                      to Attend    Attended      to Attend    Attended        to Attend    Attended

    Elizabeth Coutts                                                          9             9             5             5             2           2

    Tracey Batten                                                             9             8             -              -            2           2

    Mark Bloom                                                                9             9             5             5              -          -

    Coline McConville   1                                                     5             5             -              -             -          -

    Stuart McLauchlan                                                         9             9             5             5             2           2

    Matthew Muscio 2                                                          5             5             -              -             -          -

    Julie Tay                                                                 9             8             -              -             -          -

    Former director

    Peter Williams 3                                                          3             3             -              -             -          -




1
    Ms McConville commenced as a director on 1 February 2025.
2
    Mr Muscio commenced as a director on 1 January 2025.
3
    Mr Williams ceased to be a director on 23 October 2024.
                                                                                                                                                 119
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Disclosures relating to subsidiaries

 Subsidiary                              Current Directors   Subsidiary                               Current Directors

 ABT Medical Pty Ltd                     D Bonham            Collaboration Medical Clinics            A Gray
                                         A Gray              Investments Pty Ltd                      N Munroe
                                         M Muscio*                                                    J Cullity*
                                         J Cullity*
                                                             Culpan Distributors Ltd                  E Coutts
 ACN 618 208 969 Pty Ltd                 A Gray                                                       L Hansen
                                         J Cullity*                                                   A Gray
                                                                                                      J Cullity*
 Alchemy Holdings Pty Ltd                B Barons
                                         A Gray              Culpan Medical Pty Ltd                   D Bonham
                                         J Cullity*                                                   A Gray
                                                                                                      M Muscio*
 Alchemy Sub-Holdings Pty Ltd            B Barons
                                                                                                      J Cullity*
                                         A Gray
                                         J Cullity*          Developing People Pty Ltd                A Gray
                                                                                                      N Munroe
 Australian Biotechnologies              D Bonham
                                                                                                      J Cullity*
 Pty. Limited                            A Gray
                                         M Muscio*           DoseAid Pty Ltd                          B Barons
                                         J Cullity*                                                   A Gray
                                                                                                      J Cullity*
 Beaphar Pty Ltd                         A Gray
                                         G Viney             EAHPL Pty Ltd                            A Gray
                                         J Cullity*                                                   J Cullity*
                                         J Dillon*           EBOS Aesthetics Pty Ltd                  A Gray
 BFCMC Pty Ltd                           A Gray                                                       M Muscio*
                                         N Munroe                                                     J Cullity*
                                         J Cullity*          EBOS Finance Australia Pty Ltd           A Gray
 Blackhawk Premium Pet Care Pty Ltd      A Gray                                                       J Cullity*
                                         G Viney             EBOS Finance NZ Limited                  E Coutts
                                         J Cullity*                                                   L Hansen
                                         J Dillon*                                                    A Gray
 Botany Bay Imports Exports Pty Ltd      A Gray                                                       J Cullity*
                                         G Viney             EBOS Group Australia Pty Ltd             B Barons
                                         J Dillon*                                                    A Gray
                                         J Cullity*                                                   J Cullity*
 CAB Medical Pty Ltd                     D Bonham            EBOS Health & Science Pty Ltd            B Barons
                                         A Gray                                                       A Gray
                                         M Muscio*                                                    J Cullity*
                                         J Cullity*
                                                             EBOS Medical Devices Australia Pty Ltd   D Bonham
 CC Pharmacy Investments Pty Ltd         B Barons
                                                                                                      A Gray
                                         A Gray
                                                                                                      M Muscio*
                                         J Cullity*
                                                                                                      J Cullity*
 CC Pharmacy Management Pty Ltd          B Barons            EBOS Medical Devices NZ Limited          E Coutts
                                         A Gray                                                       L Hansen
                                         J Cullity*                                                   A Gray
 CC Pharmacy Promotions Pty Ltd          B Barons                                                     J Cullity*
                                         A Gray              EBOS PH Pty Ltd                          A Gray
                                         J Cullity*                                                   J Cullity*
 Chemmart Holdings Pty Ltd               N Munroe
                                                             Endeavour CH Pty Ltd                     A Gray
                                         A Gray
                                                                                                      J Cullity*
                                         J Cullity*
 Cincotta Holding Company Pty Ltd        B Barons            Endeavour Consumer Health Limited        E Coutts
                                         A Gray                                                       L Hansen
                                         J Cullity*                                                   A Gray
                                                                                                      J Cullity*
 Clinect Pty Ltd                         B Barons
                                         A Gray              Fibertech Medical Australia Pty Ltd      D Bonham
                                         J Cullity*                                                   A Gray
                                                                                                      M Muscio*
 Clinect NZ Pty Limited                  E Coutts                                                     J Cullity*
                                         L Hansen
                                         A Gray              Healthcare Supply Partners Pty Ltd       B Barons
                                         J Cullity*                                                   A Gray
                                                                                                      J Cullity*
 Collaboration Medical Clinics Pty Ltd   A Gray
                                         N Munroe
                                         J Cullity*

120
                                                                                             Directors’ Interests and Disclosures




Subsidiary                                 Current Directors   Subsidiary                                  Current Directors

Hospharm Pty Ltd                           B Barons            LMT Surgical Pty Ltd                        D Bonham
                                           A Gray                                                          A Gray
                                           J Cullity*                                                      M Muscio*
                                                                                                           J Cullity*
HPS Brands Pty Ltd                         B Barons
                                           A Gray              Lyppard Australia Pty Ltd                   A Gray
                                           J Cullity*                                                      G Viney
                                                                                                           J Cullity*
HPS Corrections Pty Ltd                    B Barons
                                                                                                           J Dillon*
                                           A Gray
                                           J Cullity*          Malex Medical Asia (M) Sdn Bhd              A Phua
                                                                                                           ST Lee
HPS Finance Pty Ltd                        B Barons
                                                                                                           KY Ng*
                                           A Gray
                                           J Cullity*          Masterpet Australia Pty Limited             A Gray
                                                                                                           G Viney
HPS Holdings Group (Aust) Pty Ltd          B Barons
                                                                                                           J Cullity*
                                           A Gray
                                                                                                           J Dillon*
                                           J Cullity*
                                                               Masterpet Corporation Limited               E Coutts
HPS Hospitals Pty Ltd                      B Barons
                                                                                                           L Hansen
                                           A Gray
                                                                                                           A Gray
                                           J Cullity*
                                                                                                           J Cullity*
HPS IVF Pty Ltd                            B Barons
                                                               Masterpet Logistics Pty Ltd                 A Gray
                                           A Gray
                                                                                                           G Viney
                                           J Cullity*
                                                                                                           J Cullity*
HPS Services Pty Ltd                       B Barons                                                        J Dillon*
                                           A Gray
                                                               MD Scopes Pty Ltd                           D Bonham
                                           J Cullity*
                                                                                                           A Gray
Intellipharm Pty Ltd                       B Barons                                                        M Muscio*
                                           A Gray                                                          J Cullity*
                                           J Cullity*
                                                               MD Solutions Australasia Pty Ltd            D Bonham
Klinic Solutions Australasia Pty Ltd**     J Cullity                                                       A Gray
                                           D Bonham                                                        M Muscio*
                                           M Muscio*                                                       J Cullity*
LifeHealthcare Limited                     E Coutts            MD Solutions NZ Limited                     L Hansen
                                           L Hansen                                                        G Viney
                                           A Gray                                                          J Cullity*
                                           J Cullity*          Mediport Pty Ltd                            B Barons
LifeHealthcare Distribution (NZ) Limited   E Coutts                                                        A Gray
                                           L Hansen                                                        M Lethlean
                                           A Gray              Mega Save Management Pty Ltd                B Barons
                                           J Cullity*                                                      A Gray
LifeHealthcare Pty Limited                 D Bonham                                                        J Cullity*
                                           A Gray              National Surgical Pty Ltd                   D Bonham
                                           M Muscio*                                                       A Gray
                                           J Cullity*                                                      M Muscio*
                                                                                                           J Cullity*
LifeHealthcare Distribution Pty Limited    D Bonham
                                           A Gray              Nexus Australasia Pty Limited               B Barons
                                           M Muscio*                                                       A Gray
                                           J Cullity*                                                      J Cullity*
LifeHealthcare Finance Pty Limited         D Bonham            Ophthaswissmed Philippines Inc              M Cruz
                                           A Gray                                                          G Borromeo
                                           M Muscio*                                                       V Fernando-Ambagan
                                           J Cullity*                                                      KM Teo*
                                                                                                           KC Seah*
LifeHealthcare Group Pty Limited           D Bonham
                                           A Gray              Pacific Health Supplies TopCo               D Bonham
                                           M Muscio*           Pty Limited                                 A Gray
                                           J Cullity*                                                      M Muscio*
                                                                                                           J Cullity*
LifeHealthcare Services Pty Ltd            D Bonham
                                           A Gray              Pacific Health Supplies TopCo2 LLC****      J Cullity*
                                           M Muscio*
                                           J Cullity*          Pacific Health Supplies BidCo Pty Limited   D Bonham
                                                                                                           A Gray
Lite Living Pty Ltd                        A Gray                                                          M Muscio*
                                           N Munroe                                                        J Cullity*
                                           J Cullity*
                                                                                                                               121
EBOS Annual Report 2025




 Subsidiary                            Current Directors   Subsidiary                            Current Directors

 Pacific Health Supplies HoldCo        D Bonham            PT Transmedic Indonesia               A Phua
 Pty Limited                           A Gray                                                    Hotmaulina
                                       M Muscio*                                                 Josephin M*
                                       J Cullity*                                                H Marpaung*
 Pacific Health Supplies MezzCo Pty    D Bonham            Qpharma Pty Ltd                       A Gray
 Limited                               A Gray                                                    G Viney
                                       M Muscio*                                                 J Cullity*
                                       J Cullity*                                                J Dillon*
 Pacific Health Supplies TopCo Pty     D Bonham            Richard Thomson Pty Limited           B Barons
 Limited                               A Gray                                                    A Gray
                                       M Muscio*                                                 J Cullity*
                                       J Cullity*          Sentry Medical Pty Limited            B Barons
 PBA Finance No. 1 Pty Ltd             A Gray                                                    A Gray
                                       N Munroe                                                  J Cullity*
                                       J Cullity*          Shanghai EBOS Trading Co Ltd          A Gray
 PBA Finance No. 2 Pty Ltd             Gray                                                      J Cullity*
                                       N Munroe
                                                           Spiran Pty. Ltd.                      D Bonham
                                       J Cullity*
                                                                                                 A Gray
 PBA Technology Pty Ltd                A Gray                                                    M Muscio*
                                       N Munroe                                                  J Cullity*
                                       J Cullity*
                                                           Superior Pet Food Co. Limited         E Coutts
 PBA Wholesale Pty Ltd                 A Gray                                                    L Hansen
                                       N Munroe                                                  A Gray
                                       J Cullity*                                                J Cullity*
 Pet Care Distributors Pty Ltd         A Gray              Swissmed Pte. Ltd.                    KJY Lee
                                       G Viney                                                   SJJ Lee
                                       J Dillon*
                                                           Swissmed Sdn Bhd                      SJJ Lee
                                       J Cullity*
                                                                                                 EBG Leow
 Pet Care Holdings Australia Pty Ltd   A Gray
                                       G Viney             Swiss Med (International) Pte. Ltd.   KJY Lee
                                       J Cullity*                                                SJJ Lee
                                       J Dillon*           Swissmed (Hong Kong) Limited***       LW Tham
 Pet Care Wholesalers Pty Ltd          A Gray
                                       J Cullity*          Symbion Pty Ltd                       B Barons
                                                                                                 A Gray
 Pets International Pty Ltd            A Gray                                                    J Cullity*
                                       G Viney
                                       J Cullity*          SVS 3PL Limited                       A Gray
                                       J Dillon*                                                 L Hansen

 Pharmacy Brands Australia Pty Ltd     A Gray              SVS Veterinary Supplies Limited       A Gray
                                       N Munroe                                                  L Hansen
                                       J Cullity*
                                                           Terry White Group Pty Ltd             A Gray
 Pharmacy Retailing (NZ) Limited       E Coutts                                                  N Munroe
                                       L Hansen                                                  J Cullity*
                                       A Gray
                                                           Tissue Technologies Pty Ltd           D Bonham
                                       J Cullity*
                                                                                                 A Gray
 Pioneer Medical Limited               E Coutts                                                  M Muscio*
                                       L Hansen                                                  J Cullity*
                                       A Gray
                                                           Tissuelife Pty Limited                D Bonham
                                       J Cullity*
                                                                                                 A Gray
 PPD Limited                           A Gray                                                    M Muscio*
                                       L Hansen                                                  J Cullity*
 Protec Solutions Limited              E Coutts            Tony Ferguson Weight Management       A Gray
                                       L Hansen            Pty Ltd                               N Munroe
                                       A Gray                                                    J Cullity*
                                       J Cullity*
                                                           T-Medic Co., Ltd                      A Phua
 PRNZ Limited                          E Coutts                                                  Y Tiamtikumporn
                                       A Gray                                                    K Ruengsri
                                       L Hansen                                                  KM Teo*
                                       J Cullity*                                                KW Choo*
                                                           Transmedic Pte Ltd                    A Phua
                                                                                                 K James
                                                                                                 TS Lee*
122
                                                                                                   Directors’ Interests and Disclosures




Subsidiary                                 Current Directors    Subsidiary                                             Current Directors

Transmedic China Ltd                       A Phua               You Save Management Pty Ltd                            B Barons
                                                                                                                       A Gray
Transmedic Company Limited***              SJJ Lee                                                                     J Cullity*
                                           (Chairman)           ZAP Services Pty Ltd                                   A Gray
                                                                                                                       J Cullity*
Transmedic Healthcare Co., Ltd (Vietnam)   SJJ Lee
                                           (President)          ZHHA Pty Ltd                                           A Gray
                                           TT Phan                                                                     J Cullity*
Transmedic Healthcare Sdn Bhd              KY Ng
                                           ST Lee
                                           A Phua              *Ceased to be a director during the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                               ** Company was voluntarily deregistered on 28 April 2025
Transmedic Holdings Philippines, Inc       A Phua              *** Dissolved in FY2025
                                           V Fernando-         **** J Cullity resigned and was not replaced as not required under relevant law
                                           Ambagan
                                           M Cruz              No employee of the Group appointed as a director of the Company
                                           KM Teo*             or its subsidiaries receives remuneration or other benefits in their
                                           KC Seah*            role as a director. The remuneration and other benefits of such
                                           K San-Diego*        employees, received as employees, are included in the relevant
                                                               bandings for remuneration disclosed under employee remuneration
Transmedic Philippines, Inc                A Phua              range on pages 116-117.
                                           KM Teo*
                                           KC Seah*            Auditor
                                           K San Diego*
                                                               The Company’s Auditor, Deloitte, will continue in office in
                                           V Fernando-
                                                               accordance with the Companies Act 1993.
                                           Ambagan*
                                           M Cruz*             The directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services,
                                                               during the year by the auditor is compatible with the general
Transmedic (Thailand) Co., Ltd             A Phua
                                                               standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Companies
                                           Y Tiamtikumporn
                                                               Act 1993. Details of amounts paid or payable to the auditor for
                                           K Ruengsri
                                                               non-audit services provided during the year by the auditor are
                                           KM Teo*
                                                               outlined in note H5 of the financial statements.
                                           TS Lee*
                                           KW Choo*

TW&CM Pty Ltd                              A Gray
                                           N Munroe            Elizabeth Coutts
                                           J Cullity*          Chair of Directors
TWC IP Pty Ltd                             A Gray
                                           N Munroe
                                           J Cullity*
Ventura Health Pty Ltd                     B Barons
                                                               Stuart McLauchlan
                                           A Gray
                                                               Director
                                           J Cullity*
Vet2Pet Limited                            A Gray
                                           L Hansen

VIM Health Pty Ltd                         A Gray
                                           N Munroe
                                           J Cullity*
VIM Health IP Pty Ltd                      A Gray
                                           N Munroe
                                           J Cullity*
Vitapet Corporation Pty Limited            A Gray
                                           G Viney
                                           J Cullity*
                                           J Dillon*
Warner & Webster Pty Ltd                   B Barons
                                           A Gray
                                           J Cullity*
W & W Management Services Pty Ltd          B Barons
                                           A Gray
                                           J Cullity*
W M Bamford & Co Limited                   E Coutts
                                           L Hansen
                                           A Gray
                                           J Cullity*

                                                                                                                                            123
EBOS Annual Report 2025




Directory
Registered offices                            Senior executives
108 Wrights Road                              Adam Hall
PO Box 411                                    Chief Executive Officer
Christchurch 8024                                                                            Managing your shareholding online
                                              Brett Barons
New Zealand                                                                                  To change your address, update your
                                              CEO Symbion & Healthcare Distribution
Telephone: +64 3 338 0999                                                                    payment instructions and to view
Email: ebos@ebos.co.nz                        Simon Bunde                                    your Investment portfolio, including
                                              EGM Strategic Operations,                      transactions, please visit:
Level 7, 737 Bourke Street
                                              ESG and Innovation
Docklands 3008                                                                               www.computershare.com/
PO Box 7300                                   Janelle Cain                                   investorcentre
Melbourne 8004                                General Counsel
Australia                                                                                    General enquiries can be directed to:
Telephone: +61 3 9918 5555                    Alistair Gray
                                                                                             • enquiry@computershare.co.nz
Email: ebos@ebosgroup.com                     Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                             •P
                                                                                               rivate Bag 92119, Auckland 1142,
                                              Kristine James
Website address                                                                               New Zealand or GPO Box 3329,
                                              CEO Medical Technology
www.ebosgroup.com                                                                             Melbourne, Victoria 3001, Australia
                                              Martin Krauskopf
                                                                                             •T
                                                                                               elephone (NZ) +64 9 488 8777 or (Aust)
                                              Chief Strategy and Corporate
                                                                                              1800 501 366
                                              Development Officer
Directors
                                                                                             •F
                                                                                               acsimile (NZ) +64 9 488 8787 or
                                              David Lewis
Elizabeth Coutts                                                                              (Aust) +61 3 9473 2500
                                              EGM
Independent Chair
                                                                                             Please assist our registrar by quoting
                                              Jacinta McCarthy
Tracey Batten                                                                                your CSN or shareholder number.
                                              Executive General Manager
Independent Director
                                              Human Resources
Mark Bloom
                                              Mithran Naiker
Independent Director
                                              Chief Information Officer
Coline McConville                                                                            Annual Meeting
                                              Grant Viney
Independent Director
                                              CEO Animal Care                                The Annual Meeting of EBOS Group
Stuart McLauchlan                                                                            Limited will be held on Wednesday,
Independent Director                                                                         29 October 2025 at 2pm, at the
                                              Auditor                                        Park Hyatt Hotel, 99 Halsey Street,
Matthew Muscio
                                                                                             Auckland, New Zealand.
Director                                      Deloitte Limited
                                              Christchurch
Julie Tay
Independent Director
                                              Securities exchange
                                              EBOS Group Limited shares are quoted
                                              on the New Zealand Securities Exchange
                                              and the Australian Securities Exchange
                                              (NZX/ASX code: EBO).



                                              Share register
                                              Computershare Investor Services Ltd
                                              Private Bag 92119
                                              Auckland 1142
                                              New Zealand
                                              Telephone: +64 9 488 8777

                                              Computershare Investor Services
                                              Pty Ltd
                                              GPO Box 3329
                                              Melbourne, Victoria 3001
                                              Australia
                                              Telephone: 1800 501 366




        This Annual Report is printed on environmentally responsible paper, produced using
124     FCS® certified 100% Post Consumer Recycled, Process Chlorine Free (PCF) pulp.                                                    124
                                              Directory




THIS PAGE HAS BEEN LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK




                                                          125
