                                             Stock Exchange Announcement
                     Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust PLC (“TEMIT” or “the Company”)
                                        Half Yearly Results to 30 September 2024
                                   Legal Entity Identifier 5493002NMTB70RZBXO96



Introducing TEMIT

Launched in June 1989, Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust plc (‘TEMIT’ or the ‘Company’) is an investment trust
that invests principally in emerging markets companies with the aim of delivering capital growth to shareholders over the long
term. While the majority of the Company’s shareholders are based in the UK, shares are traded on both the London and New
Zealand stock exchanges. From its launch to 30 September 2024, TEMIT’s net asset value (‘NAV’) total return was +4,462.1%
compared to the benchmark total return of +1,891.1%.

The Company is governed by a Board of Directors who are committed to ensuring that shareholders’ best interests, considering
the wider community of stakeholders, are at the forefront of all decisions. Under the guidance of the Chairman, the Board of
Directors is responsible for the overall strategy of the Company and monitoring its performance.

Financial highlights

For the six months to 30 September 2024

                           2024           2023        3 Years Cumulative       5 Years Cumulative        10 Years Cumulative
Net Assets Value           7.2%          (0.3)%              4.3%                    24.4%                     87.8%
Total Return
(cum-income)(a)
Share Price Total          12.0%         (1.6)%               3.3%                    25.0%                      84.9%
Return(a)
MSCI Emerging              7.5%          (0.5)%               1.7%                    21.5%                      79.3%
Markets Index(a)(b)
Interim dividend for       2.00p          2.00p              13.80p                   23.92p                     35.07p
the financial year(c)(d)

(a) A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Half Yearly Report.
(b) Source: MSCI. The Company’s benchmark is the MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index.
(c) 3, 5 and 10 year cumulative dividends include ordinary dividends that shareholders were entitled to in those periods. 5 and 10
    year cumulative figures exclude the special dividend of 0.52 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2020 and the
    special dividend of 2.00 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2021.
(d) Financial years 2015 to 2021 have been retrospectively adjusted following the sub-division of each existing ordinary share of
    25 pence into five ordinary shares of 5 pence each on 26 July 2021.
Chairman’s statement

“There are many reasons to be optimistic about emerging markets.”

Angus Macpherson
Chairman

Performance

TEMIT’s net asset value (‘NAV’) Total Return (a) over the six months to 30 September 2024 was +7.2%, slightly less than that of
our benchmark index which produced a total return (a) of +7.5%. I said in the most recent Annual Report that one of the three major
factors which would lead to an improvement in the rating of TEMIT’s shares would be a return to favour for emerging markets
and it is notable that over the six months under review the return of the MSCI World Index Net total return, which measures the
performance of developed markets, was only +2.8%(a). The return over the whole period naturally only tells part of the story and,
as is often the case, we experienced patches of volatility, driven by a variety of events including continued geopolitical instability,
fears of a US recession and, on a more positive note, moves to reduce interest rates and stimulate economic growth.

The Chinese equity market is a key component of our comparator benchmark, as indeed the Chinese economy is an important
force in the world. There has been much concern about the pace of growth of China and towards the end of the period under
review the Chinese government initiated steps to kick start the country’s moribund real estate sector and more generally to
reinvigorate growth. Even if successful, these efforts will take time to bear fruit but at the very least a start has been made. As well
as efforts to reinvigorate domestic activity, the other key concern is China’s relationship with the United States, particularly
following the election of Donald Trump in the United States.

(a) A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Half Yearly Report.


Share price rating

In June we announced a series of measures with the intention of improving liquidity and returns for holders of TEMIT’s shares. In
summary, these were commitments to:

• At least maintain the current level of annual dividend;

• Repurchase up to £200m of shares over the next 12 to 24 months;

• A conditional tender offer, under which TEMIT will tender for up to 25% of its shares if it underperforms its benchmark index
  over five years to March 2029; and

• A phased reduction in management fees.

Following this announcement, we stepped up the rate of share buybacks and over the six months under review 46.2 million shares
were bought back, returning £74.3 million to shareholders. These buybacks represented 4.1% of shares in issue on 31 March 2024
and, as all buybacks were at a discount to the prevailing NAV, resulted in an uplift of 0.57% of NAV per share for remaining
shareholders.

The Board do not believe that buybacks alone cause discounts to narrow; their more measurable impact is to improve liquidity and
to enhance earnings per share.

The Board and Manager also remain fully committed to promoting TEMIT’s shares using a wide variety of channels, including an
increasing presence in social media. The Board was very pleased to be awarded ‘Best Social Media’ at the AIC Shareholder
Communications Awards 2024, the third year in a row that we have been awarded by the AIC for our marketing and
communications.

Unlisted investment

The ability to invest in illiquid assets is a key advantage of the investment trust structure. In July, we made our first foray into
unlisted investments, with the purchase of shares in leading Indian food delivery company Swiggy. This was a ‘pre-IPO’
investment and I am pleased to report that the shares were successfully listed on the National Stock Exchange of India on 13
November. The Board is very pleased with the outcome of this investment and has encouraged our Manager to seek further
opportunities.

Income and dividend

Revenue earnings for the six months under review were 3.60 pence per share. The majority of TEMIT’s revenues are usually
earned during the first six months of its financial year and the Board has resolved to pay an unchanged interim dividend of 2.00
pence per share. As set out above, it is our intention at least to maintain the total dividend each year and, while it is too early to
predict earnings for the second half of the year, the final dividend will be at least 3.00 pence per share.

Annual General Meeting and Continuation Vote

The resolutions at the Annual General Meeting held on 11 July, importantly including a vote on the continuation of TEMIT for the
next five years, were each passed by a very large majority. The Board would like to thank shareholders for their continuing
support.

Outlook

Emerging markets continue to be less expensive than their developed counterparts. This must, at least to an extent, reflect a higher
level of risk in an unstable world but does make the markets in which our managers invest on our behalf appear attractive.

There are many reasons to be optimistic about emerging markets, from the shifting dynamics of supply chains, with ‘nearshoring’
and ‘friendshoring’ having become established elements of the lexicon in Asia and Latin America, the continuing demand for ever
greater computing power with the excitement over artificial intelligence only the most recent manifestation of this, and the
potential for leadership in clean energy being just some examples. In the near term we are encouraged by moves to reduce interest
rates and remain optimistic that this will be beneficial for economies and companies.

                                                                                                                    Angus Macpherson
                                                                                                                            Chairman

                                                                                                                       9 December 2024
Management report

Principal risks

The Company invests predominantly in the stock markets of emerging markets. The principal categories of risks facing the
Company, determined by the Board and described in detail in the Strategic Report within the Annual Report and Audited
Accounts, are:

• Market and geopolitical;

• Technology;

• Concentration;

• Sustainability and climate change;

• Foreign currency;

• Discount;

• Operational and custody;

• Key personnel; and

• Regulatory.

The Board has provided the Investment Manager with guidelines and limits for the management of principal risks. The Board and
Investment Manager are aware that the economic challenges continue to be the key issue affecting investment markets around the
world, as well as the tensions between the United States and China over trade and the Taiwan Strait. The ongoing Israel-Hamas
conflict also adds to existing geopolitical uncertainties, as do the continuing ramifications of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
There have been no further changes to the principal and emerging risks reported in the Annual Report and, in the Board’s view,
these risks are equally applicable to the remaining six months of the financial year as they were to the six months under review.

Related party transactions

There were no transactions with related parties during the period other than the fees paid to the Directors and the AIFM.

Going concern

The Company’s assets consist primarily of equity shares in companies listed on recognised stock exchanges and in most
circumstances are realisable within a short timescale. Having made suitable enquiries, including consideration of the Company’s
objective, the nature of the portfolio, net current assets, expenditure forecasts, the principal and emerging risks and uncertainties
described within the Annual Report, the Directors are satisfied that the Company has adequate resources to continue to operate as
a going concern for the period to 31 March 2026, which is at least 12 months from the date of approval of these Financial
Statements, and are satisfied that the going concern basis is appropriate in preparing the Financial Statements.

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

The Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the UK Listing Authority require the Directors to confirm their
responsibilities in relation to the preparation and publication of the Interim Management Report and Financial Statements.

Each of the Directors, who are listed in the full Half Yearly Report, confirms that to the best of their knowledge:

• The condensed set of Financial Statements, for the period ended 30 September 2024, have been prepared in accordance with the
  UK adopted International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 ‘Interim Financial Reporting’; and

• The Half Yearly Report includes a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the
  Company and a fair review of the information required by:

  (i) DTR 4.2.7R of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, being an indication of important events that have occurred
  during the first six months of the financial year and their impact on the condensed set of Financial Statements, and a description
  of the principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the year; and

  (ii) DTR 4.2.8R of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules, being related party transactions that have taken place in
  the first six months of the current financial year and that have materially affected the financial position or performance of the
  entity during that period, and any changes in the related party transactions described in the last Annual Report that could do so.
The Half Yearly Report was approved by the Board on 9 December 2024 and the above Statement of Directors’
Responsibilities was signed on its behalf by

                                                                                                    Angus Macpherson
                                                                                                            Chairman

                                                                                                       9 December 2024
Investment manager’s report

Outlook for emerging markets

In the last Annual Report, we wrote that it is an interesting time to look at EMs. We believed that despite the volatility
experienced in the recent quarters, the investment backdrop still remained conducive on the grounds of potential interest-rate cuts
and better earnings growth.

As we head into the final quarter of 2024, we retain that optimism. We have emerged from a volatile period in which worries
about economic recession dominated investor sentiment. We have also seen a change in the investment environment, where,
although structural growth themes remain, we have had to make tweaks to the portfolio to potentially capture what we deem to be
the best opportunities in the market. An example would be the Electric Vehicle (‘EV’) segment. While we remain aligned with the
longer-term growth outlook for EVs, we have lowered our exposure to the EV supply chain as many consumers and governments
have yet to fully embrace the advantages of EV deployment.

Tailwinds within EMs remain; interest-rate cuts, strong demand for semiconductors due to AI applications, and what we consider
reasonable valuations in most EMs. These may negate some key risks such as geopolitical tensions, a meaningful economic
slowdown in the United States and continued weakness in China’s demand.

Interest-rate cuts, in our view, are catalysts for growth, supporting both consumption and corporate earnings. Brazil’s central bank
raised its key interest rate in September, in contrast with the policy decisions of other countries’ central banks; however, we
believe that it will eventually follow the global trajectory. While Mexico’s judicial reforms have affected investor sentiment
recently, in our view corporate earnings should remain intact.

Sustained demand growth from AI applications, in our assessment, should be beneficial for South Korea and Taiwan, which are
home to several large semiconductor companies. While this is potentially beneficial for the earnings growth of these corporations,
we believe that this growth opportunity has not been reflected in the valuations of some of the beneficiary companies. Conversely,
while India has continued to see good economic growth and remains a bright spot, equity valuations remain a key concern for us.
Although end demand in China could remain weak for a longer period, a low starting point could potentially prove helpful for
earnings growth in 2025. China’s equity market rallied in the last few weeks of the quarter, supported by stimulus measures
announced by the government. However, the weaker economic growth outlook in China has led to our selective approach; our key
holdings in China are in internet companies that have given us comfort with their cash flows and improving shareholder returns.

As ever, we remain focused on bottom-up investing. We continue to retain our investment approach and seek opportunities across
markets, focusing on companies that, in our analysis, have long-term earnings power. We have built considerable expertise in the
EM equity asset class, which we believe gives us the ability to identify investment opportunities before many of our peers.

Review of performance

Emerging markets (‘EMs’) advanced over the six months under review. However, it was not all plain sailing and a bout of
volatility marked the period, making it a challenging environment for equities. Nevertheless, our investment approach, which is
anchored in a bottom-up process to finding companies that our analysis indicates have sustainable earnings power and whose
shares trade at a discount relative to their intrinsic worth and to other investment opportunities in the market, has managed to steer
the performance of TEMIT to generate returns that were on par with the benchmark. While we note that this is a mere six-month
period, contrasting with our longer-term investment horizon, it provides some validation for holding course in the face of an
uncertain, ever-changing investment environment.

Elections in key EM countries (where the extent of the winning parties’ victories led to some surprises), a change in investor
sentiment towards artificial intelligence (‘AI’) and an intensification of geopolitical tensions added onto concerns of a recession in
the United States. The latter was tempered by optimism about the US Federal Reserve’s potential interest-rate cut, which
eventually came to fruition.

The MSCI EM Index returned +7.5% in the six-month period under review, while TEMIT delivered a net asset value total return
of +7.2% (all figures are net total return in sterling terms). Full details of TEMIT’s performance can be found in the full Half
Yearly Report.

By region as measured by the MSCI EM Index, Asia advanced the most ahead of peers in Europe, Middle East and Africa
(‘EMEA’) which also rose. Latin America was the sole region that declined. Asian equities had several catalysts for their positive
performance, these included a technology rally that helped the technology-heavy market of Taiwan, positive economic data and
the victory of the incumbent prime minister in India, and the release of policy support in China. The EMEA region received
support from South Africa’s equity market, helped by a rally which followed the country’s elections where President Cyril
Ramaphosa secured sufficient votes to form a coalition government. While geopolitical conflict continued to plague the Middle
East with the sparking of tensions between Israel and Iran, the interest-rate easing cycle in the United States helped to overcome
some of the negative investor sentiment caused by geopolitical uncertainties. Monetary policy in many of the Gulf Cooperation
Council countries follows the US central bank due to currencies being pegged to the US dollar. In Latin America, the Mexican
equity market declined following the country’s elections, where the ruling MORENA party’s strong majority win caught investors
by surprise. Concerns regarding anti-market reforms and the signing of a controversial judicial reform into law pressured Mexican
equities further. In Brazil, the central bank raised interest rates, which contrasted with expectations that most central banks would
continue to cut rates.

China/Hong Kong

China/Hong Kong was TEMIT’s largest market exposure, although the portfolio remained underweight relative to the benchmark.
Chinese equities rose by over 24% in net sterling terms over the six-month period. This outperformance was supported by the
government’s stimulative policies to boost the country’s economic growth and equity market. China’s property market was a key
focal point in the government’s support measures, with a rescue package that included an easing of mortgage rules and a reduction
in mortgage rates. Semiconductor stocks in China benefitted from a new investment fund to boost the domestic chip industry. The
government also announced equity market-related measures that encompassed a programme for share buybacks and a swap
facility to shore up the equity market. While these resulted in a return of investor confidence, we are uncertain whether these
measures will lead to a recovery in longer-term growth. We have not observed any meaningful change in demand just yet. We
believe that the government will also have to resolve structural challenges that the country faces, such as a declining and ageing
population and youth unemployment. This has led to our selective approach in China, where our key holdings are in internet
companies where we gain comfort from their strong cash flows and increasing shareholder focus.

South Korea

TEMIT’s second-largest market exposure was South Korea, where the portfolio was overweight versus the benchmark. South
Korean equities lost slightly over 12% in net sterling terms during the reporting period, as the technology-heavy market struggled
with oversupply in the memory market. Investor concerns about weaker demand and oversupply in dynamic random access
memory (‘DRAM’) overtook earlier expectations of a strong recovery and demand tightness. In our assessment, we still expect a
strong cycle for memory chips into 2025. We think that concerns about slower demand in DRAM could linger for the next half
year, but it should nevertheless be a short-lived phenomenon as capacity shifts to high-bandwidth memory (‘HBM’), thus
resulting in a tightness in conventional DRAM supply as well.

Taiwan

Taiwan was TEMIT’s third-largest market exposure. While the Taiwanese equity market performed well overall and ended the
six-month period with a gain of nearly 9% in net UK-sterling terms, although this hid several hiccups during the period. Investor
sentiment ebbed and flowed. Expectations of higher earnings growth bolstered by AI, which uplifted performance earlier into the
period, gave way to concerns about the impact of delays and monetisation of AI investments. The portfolio’s exposure to the
country is largely focussed in the island’s semiconductor industry and TEMIT’s largest portfolio holding, which is in Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (‘TSMC’). We remain positive on the semiconductor industry and believe that AI will
continue to experience strong growth, which should benefit semiconductor companies as they make up a key component of the AI
supply chain. Beyond AI, semiconductors are an essential component of electronics used in a myriad of industries. We maintain a
positive long-term view on both Taiwan’s semiconductor industry and TSMC.

India

India was TEMIT’s fourth-largest market exposure at the end of September 2024. Indian equities rose by more than 11% (in net
sterling terms) over the six-month period, benefitting from positive economic data. While there was a short-lived period of
volatility during the country’s elections—in which the incumbent prime minister Narendra Modi’s party won a smaller number of
seats compared to the 2019 election and led to some investor disappointment, expectations of policy continuity drove the market
and reversed short-lived concerns of policy uncertainty. A reduction in US interest rates in September was also supportive for the
Indian equity market’s performance as this could lead to foreign inflows into the country’s equities. While investors have flocked
to India on the basis of strong growth, valuations remain a concern to us. Our investment approach hinges on finding companies
whose shares, according to our analysis, trade at a discount relative to their intrinsic worth and to other investment opportunities in
the market. We do, however, concede that India remains a bright spot. This guides our allocation in India, while the country is one
of TEMIT’s largest absolute weighting allocations, it is still underweight relative to the benchmark.

Brazil

Brazil was TEMIT’s fifth-largest market exposure with equities in Brazil finishing the reporting period with losses of more than
11%. As mentioned earlier, Brazil’s central bank started to raise interest rates to control the country’s level of inflation caused by
stronger-than-expected economic activity. We believe that the interest rate hikes should be a short-term phenomenon and that
Brazil’s central bank could converge with the global interest rate cycle eventually.

Investment strategy, portfolio changes and performance attribution

The following sections show how different investment factors (stocks, sectors and geographies) accounted for TEMIT’s
performance over the period. We continue to emphasise our investment process that selects companies based on their individual
attributes and ability to generate risk- adjusted returns for investors, rather than taking a high-level view of sectors, countries or
geographic regions to determine our investment allocations.
Our investment style is centred on finding companies that, in our analysis, have sustainable earnings power and whose shares
trade at a discount relative to their intrinsic worth and to other investment opportunities in the market. We also pay close attention
to risks and Environmental, Social and Governance factors.

We continue to utilise our research-based and active approach to help us to find companies that have high standards of corporate
governance, respect their shareholders and also allow us to understand the local intricacies that may determine consumer trends
and habits. Utilising our large team of analysts, we aim to maintain close contact with the board and senior management of
existing and potential investments and believe in engaging constructively with our investee companies.

All of these factors require us to conduct detailed analyses of potential returns versus risks with a time horizon of typically five
years or more.

Our well-resourced, locally based teams remain a key competitive advantage and it has certainly been helpful having teams on the
ground—for example, in the benchmark-heavyweight countries of China, India and Brazil—to help us better understand what is
happening locally. This local presence allows us to understand business models, competitive dynamics and supply-chain issues.
We have also managed to get insights into regulatory conversations and management capabilities, which are factored into our
analysis. We view our locally based teams, which are armed with vast knowledge of the respective countries’ macroeconomic
issues and views on the ground as vital sources of input into the investment process. This complements our global presence, which
allows us to analyse short-term uncertainties and determine if these are reflective of cyclical or structural trends.

In the portfolio, we remain positioned in long-term themes including consumption premiumisation, digitalisation, health care and
technology. We focus on companies reflecting our philosophy of owning good quality businesses, with long-term sustainable
earnings power and share prices at a discount to intrinsic worth. We see high levels of leverage as a risk and continue to avoid
companies with weak balance sheets.

Performance Attribution Analysis %

Six months to 30 September

                                                                 2024            2023             2022            2021            2020
Net Asset Value Total Return(a)                                    7.2           (0.3)            (8.3)           (7.5)            31.3
Expenses Incurred(b)                                               0.5             0.5              0.5             0.5             0.5
Gross Total Return(a)                                              7.7             0.2            (7.8)           (7.0)            31.8
Benchmark Total Return(a)                                          7.5           (0.5)            (7.4)           (1.0)            24.4
Excess return(a)                                                   0.2             0.7            (0.4)           (6.0)             7.4
Stock Selection                                                  (0.2)             0.1              2.9           (4.3)             2.5
Sector Allocation                                                  0.5             0.4            (2.2)           (1.4)             4.0
Currency                                                           0.0           (0.1)            (1.1)           (0.5)             0.5
Share Buyback Impact                                               0.6             0.3              0.1             0.0             0.3
Residual Return(a)                                               (0.7)             0.0            (0.1)             0.2             0.1
Total Contribution                                                 0.2             0.7            (0.4)           (6.0)             7.4

This table sets out the results of a detailed analysis of the returns produced by the TEMIT portfolio, how this compares with the
theoretical returns available from the benchmark index and factors affecting the comparison with the returns of the benchmark
index.

Source: FactSet and Franklin Templeton.
(a) A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Half Yearly Report.
(b) Represents expenses incurred. Details of the annualised ongoing charges ratio are included in the glossary of terms and
    alternative performance measures in the full Half Yearly Report.
Top 10 Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Security % (a)

                                                         Contribution to                                      Contribution to
                                                        portfolio relative                                 portfolio relative to
                                                     to MSCI Emerging                                        MSCI Emerging
                         Top Contributor                  Markets Index        Top Detractor                   Markets Index
Overweight               Alibaba                                       0.8     Grupo Financiero Banorte                    (0.8)
(TEMIT holds more        Prosus                                        0.8     Samsung Electronics                         (0.6)
than the index weight)   TSMC                                          0.5     NAVER                                       (0.5)
                         Discovery                                     0.4     Samsung SDI                                 (0.5)
                         Brilliance China Automotive                   0.4     LG                                          (0.4)
                                                                               Oncoclinicas do Brasil
                         Kasikornbank                                    0.3                                               (0.4)
                                                                               Servicos Medicos
                         China Merchants Bank                            0.3   Doosan Bobcat                               (0.3)
                         Hon Hai Precision Industry                      0.2   Soulbrain                                   (0.3)
                         Netcare                                         0.2   Itaú Unibanco                               (0.3)
Underweight              Reliance Industries                             0.2   Meituan                                     (0.4)
(TEMIT has a zero holding or
holding smaller than the index weight)

(a) For the period 31 March 2024 to 30 September 2024.

Our high conviction, larger-weight holdings have led performance for the period under review. Finishing higher over the six-
month period were shares of Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba. Its share price received support from investor expectations
that the company could be included in the Hong Kong Stock Connect (which allows investors in Hong Kong to invest in Mainland
Chinese stocks and vice-versa) later this year and that the company’s new strategy to charge merchant service fees could
potentially increase its revenue. Furthermore, China’s stimulus measures to boost the country’s economy and equity market
provided a strong lift to Alibaba’s share performance near the end of September 2024. Alibaba remains a key holding in TEMIT’s
China exposure. The company continues to generate strong cash flows, in our assessment, and we expect share-price appreciation
to be supported by corporate actions, including share buybacks.

An off-benchmark holding in Prosus served the portfolio well. Prosus is a leading global investment company and the largest
shareholder of Tencent (also held directly by TEMIT), a Chinese technology company. The company has ownership in multiple
food delivery platforms, including Swiggy, which TEMIT recently took a direct investment in. Its share price tracked Tencent’s
stock, which initially rose following the company’s release of its second-quarter 2024 earnings results and subsequently amid a
slew of stimulus measures in China.

TSMC is the world’s largest semiconductor foundry company. Its chips are used in a wide variety of solutions, including personal
computers, automotive and industrial equipment, and phones. The company is a key beneficiary of the growth in demand for AI
chips, and its share price rose along with other companies in the AI supply chain in the earlier part of the period. However,
cautious investor sentiment surrounding AI-related stocks due to uncertainty around the monetisation of AI investments for end
clients limited further rises in the share price towards the end of the period.

Grupo Financiero Banorte is a leading financial institution in Mexico, was a notable detractor. Its share price fell alongside the
general Mexican equity market as investors feared adverse constitutional reforms and regulatory changes in the country. We
continue to monitor the country’s government policies and reforms and their potential impact on corporate earnings. However, we
do remain optimistic on Mexico’s banking sector growth prospects, given large percentage of unbanked population.

Samsung Electronics is one of the largest memory semiconductor manufacturers in the world, saw its share price fall over the
six-month period. The company also manufactures a wide range of consumer and industrial electronics and equipment. Its share
price was volatile during the period due to investor concerns about a weaker memory cycle in the near term, as well as the
company’s loss of leadership in advanced memory products. However, we expect the weakness in the memory cycle to be short
lived, as demand for HBM should remain strong and conventional DRAM products should see supply tightness as capacity shifts
to HBM.

NAVER is a South Korean internet search and advertising company. It also has business interests in e-commerce, financial
services and entertainment content. Its share price weakened due to a combination of factors, including weaker growth for its
market, competition for both its advertisement and e-commerce business, underwhelming response to its generative AI
technology, and uncertainty about the benefits from its AI investments. The company had an issue with a data leak with the
messaging application Line in Japan and potential implications of this on its business interest, along with NAVER’s shareholding
in Line, also pressured the share price. We remain positive on NAVER’s business execution and expect the company to continue
to deliver steady growth over the medium term. Its leadership position in AI solutions in South Korea, in our view, should provide
the company with additional cost efficiencies and revenue opportunities.
Top Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Sector % (a)

                                                                    Contribution to                            Contribution to
                                                                   portfolio relative                       portfolio relative to
                                                                to MSCI Emerging                              MSCI Emerging
                                           Top Contributor           Markets Index Top Detractor                Markets Index
Overweight                                                                            Information
                                           Financials                             0.3                                       (0.6)
(TEMIT holds more than the index                                                      Technology
weight)                                                                               Industrials                           (0.5)
                                                                                      Communication
                                                                                                                            (0.5)
                                                                                      Services
                                                                                      Health Care                           (0.1)
Underweight                              Consumer
                                                                                  1.0 Utilities                             (0.1)
(TEMIT has a zero holding or             Discretionary
a holding smaller than the index weight) Consumer Staples                         0.6
                                         Materials                                0.2
                                         Energy                                   0.2
                                         Real Estate                              0.0

(a) For the period 31 March 2024 to 30 September 2024.

Stock selection in the consumer discretionary, consumer staples and financials sectors added to TEMIT’s performance relative
to the benchmark index during the six-month period under review. An underweight allocation in the consumer staples sector
provided additional support. Within the consumer discretionary sector, Alibaba and Prosus (both described above) are examples of
companies that aided relative returns. Contribution in the financials sector was led by Discovery, South Africa’s biggest health
insurance provider. This company also offers banking and investment services. Additionally, the company has international
insurance operations in the United Kingdom and partners with other insurance companies through its shared-value insurance
model called Vitality.

In contrast, stock selection in the information technology, industrials and communication services sectors caused relative
detraction. The information technology sector was driven lower by holdings in MediaTek (a Taiwan-based designer of chips for
smartphones and other technology devices), Samsung Electronics (described above) and Samsung SDI (a leading manufacturer of
lithium-ion batteries for electric vehicles (‘EVs’) energy storage, power tools and information technology products). Samsung
SDI’s share price suffered from investor concerns about weaker-than-expected growth in end-market demand for its products. The
weakness in the communication services sector was driven by NAVER (described earlier), in which TEMIT has an overweight
position. In the industrials sector, South Korean holding company LG led detraction, due to weak earnings for its key holdings.
LG owns stakes in several companies across various industries such as electronics, chemicals, EV batteries and household
products. The company has been buying back its shares, which should help narrow the discount to its net asset value (‘NAV’).

Top Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Country % (a)

                                                                      Contribution to                          Contribution to
                                                                     portfolio relative                     portfolio relative to
                                                                  to MSCI Emerging                            MSCI Emerging
                                         Top Contributor               Markets Index Top Detractor              Markets Index
Overweight                               Taiwan                                     1.2 South Korea                         (2.4)
(TEMIT holds more than the index weight) South Africa                               0.2 Brazil                              (0.7)
                                         Indonesia                                  0.2 Mexico                              (0.2)
                                                                                        Philippines                         (0.0)
Underweight                                  China/Hong Kong                        0.8 Malaysia                            (0.2)
(TEMIT has a zero holding or
                                             Saudi Arabia                          0.7
a holding smaller than the index weight)

(a) For the period 31 March 2024 to 30 September 2024.

By markets, stock selection in Taiwan and China/Hong Kong added onto positive contribution from a lack of exposure to Saudi
Arabia. Once again, TSMC aided relative returns in Taiwan. Another Taiwan-based holding that was supportive of the portfolio’s
performance was Hon Hai Precision Industry, a provider of electronic manufacturing services for consumer electronics, cloud and
networking products, and computing products and components. In China, Alibaba was a leading contributor.

Conversely, overweight allocations and stock selection in both South Korea and Brazil led these markets to be top detractors
from relative returns. Stock selection in Mexico also pressured the portfolio’s relative performance. Samsung Electronics,
NAVER and Samsung SDI were key drivers of the portfolio’s lacklustre performance in South Korea. In Brazil, Oncoclinicas, a
cancer-care provider, experienced volatility in its share price due to investor concerns about the company’s excessive debt. While
we remain optimistic on Oncoclinicas’ growth prospects, we are keeping a close watch on the pace of the company’s debt
reduction. Mexico’s relative detraction was largely driven by Grupo Financiero Banorte (described above).
Top 10 Holdings
As at 30 September 2024

                                                                                    Portfolio   Benchmark Over/(Under)
Holding                                                                              £’000    %         %   Weight %
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (‘TSMC’)                                254,022 12.4        9.0         3.4
The world’s largest semiconductor foundry company, which is based in
Taiwan. The emergence of AI and investor expectations of a recovery in the
demand for technology products contributed to a turnaround in TSMC’s stock
price. Driven by structural growth in demand for computing and the company’s
technology leadership, we remain confident in the resilience of the TSMC
business model.
ICICI Bank                                                                         106,449   5.2      1.0          4.2
A leading India-based private sector bank and the portfolio’s second-largest
holding. Its share price has seen sustained appreciation over the past years and
the bank has been a key contributor to overall fund performance. This
highlights the value of our longer-term, fundamentally driven investment
process, which we continue to employ. We believe that the bank, with its
strong franchise, remains well positioned to benefit from the India growth
story.
Alibaba                                                                            100,612   4.9      2.6          2.3
The leading e-commerce company in China. While intensified competition and
a weak economy have impacted the growth outlook for its e-commerce
business, its other businesses such as cloud, fintech, local commerce and
international e-commerce have significant potential, in our view. We believe
that these could offer either growth opportunities or the possibility for
improvements in profitability. While the share price has experienced a
significant derating over the past couple of years, the company continues to
generate significant cash flows. The company has a strong share buyback
policy and we expect returns from here to be supported by such corporate
actions.
Tencent                                                                             87,820   4.3      4.5         (0.2)
The largest gaming, communication and social entertainment platform in
China. It has a major presence in online games, digital advertising, video,
music and live-streaming, fintech, and other businesses such as cloud
computing. We believe that the company should be a key beneficiary of AI
across its business segments. Tencent also has significant public and private
investments in China and globally. Trading at attractive valuations, based on
our analysis, the company has been proactively undertaking share buybacks,
which further enhance its earnings per share.
Samsung Electronics                                                                 86,543   4.2      3.1          1.1
One of the largest memory semiconductor manufacturers in the world based in
South Korea. It also manufactures a wide range of consumer and industrial
electronics and equipment. Its share price was volatile during the six-month
period due to investor concerns about a weaker memory cycle in the near term,
as well as the company’s loss of leadership in advanced memory products. We
expect the weakness in the memory cycle to be short lived, as demand for
HBM should remain strong and conventional DRAM products should see
supply tightness as capacity shifts to HBM.
Prosus                                                                              84,151   4.1        –          4.1
A leading global investment company and the largest shareholder of Tencent
Holdings, a Chinese technology company. We see Prosus as a good proxy for
Tencent exposure and its shares are available at a discount to its NAV. The
company also has holdings in leading food delivery platforms globally.
Management’s effort to narrow the discount to NAV via share buybacks should
also support returns.
SK Hynix                                                                            56,483   2.7       0.9         1.8
A South Korean semiconductor company and a maker of memory chips used
globally across a wide range of solutions. The company is the industry leader
in HBM chips, which are expected to see strong demand growth for AI
applications.
NAVER                                                                                   55,374   2.7             0.2              2.5
A South Korean internet search and advertising company. It also has business
interests in e-commerce, financial services and entertainment content. We
believe that NAVER is in a good position to build a thriving ecosystem
integrating e-commerce, payments and digital content based on its solid
foundation in search and advertising. Its leadership position in AI solutions in
South Korea should also provide the company with additional cost efficiencies
and growth opportunities.
HDFC Bank                                                                               54,669   2.7             1.1              1.6
India’s leading private sector bank. It offers a wide range of banking services
across retail banking, home loans and mortgages, and wholesale/corporate
banking. HDFC Bank is a leader among Indian private sector banks with a
strong liability franchise, market leadership across multiple retail asset
categories and a comprehensive approach to digitalisation, which leads to a
combination of industry-leading growth while maintaining superior asset
quality and best-in-class profitability.
Samsung Life Insurance                                                                  50,460   2.5             0.1              2.4
The largest life insurance company in South Korea and is growing in the field
of health insurance. With the increase in interest rates in the recent past and the
steady move towards more health-related products, the company has been able
to improve its profitability. Most notably, it has a significant stake in Samsung
Electronics. It also owns a majority stake in the credit card business of the
Samsung group and has smaller stakes in the securities and the fire and marine
insurance businesses. The Corporate Value-Up programme initiated by the
South Korean government should also provide the company with incentives to
improve distributions to shareholders. Therefore, we expect the company to
take more meaningful measures to improve distributions to shareholders.

Portfolio Changes by Country

                                                                                                Total Return in Sterling
                   31 March 2024 Purchase               Sales         Market 30 September 2024 TEMIT MSCI Emerging
Country           Market Value £m     £m                  £m     Movement £m Market Value £m        % Markets Index %
China/Hong Kong                490     59               (103)             114              560    28.8                24.4
South Korea                    426     43                (36)            (68)              365 (15.5)               (12.1)
Taiwan                         358      8                (51)               50             365    14.8                 9.0
India                          247     48                (45)               33             283    13.7                11.4
Brazil                         186      7                   –            (30)              163 (11.1)               (11.5)
United States                   62      3                   –                5              70     7.0                   –
Thailand                        49      9                   –                5              63    14.0                15.6
South Africa                    20     13                   –               15              48    44.3                23.5
Mexico                          48     11                   –            (19)               40 (34.2)               (22.4)
Hungary                         30      1                   –              (1)              30     7.7                 9.3
Other                           79     10                (23)                2              68       –                   –
Total investments            1,995    212               (258)             106            2,055

Portfolio by Fair Value

Holding                                                                           Sector    Fair Value £’000           % of Portfolio
Brazil
Petrobras(a)                                                                    Energy                  49,517                    2.4
Itaú Unibanco(a)(b)                                                          Financials                 40,458                    2.0
Banco Bradesco (a)(b)                                                        Financials                 30,399                    1.5
Vale                                                                          Materials                 23,483                    1.1
TOTVS                                                           Information Technology                   8,183                    0.4
Hypera                                                                      Health Care                  6,058                    0.3
Oncoclinicas do Brasil Servicos Medicos                                     Health Care                  5,377                    0.3
                                                                                                       163,475                    8.0
Cambodia
NagaCorp                                                        Consumer Discretionary                   3,888                    0.2
                                                                                                         3,888                    0.2
Chile
Banco Santander Chile(b)                                                       Financials               17,898                    0.9
                                                                                                        17,898                    0.9
China/Hong Kong
Alibaba(c)                                      Consumer Discretionary     100,612    4.9
Tencent                                         Communication Services      87,820    4.3
Prosus                                          Consumer Discretionary      84,151    4.1
Techtronic Industries                                        Industrials    41,666    2.0
China Merchants Bank                                         Financials     34,490    1.7
Budweiser Brewing Company APAC                        Consumer Staples      31,465    1.5
Baidu                                           Communication Services      27,418    1.3
Ping An Insurance                                            Financials     23,676    1.1
Kuaishou Technology                             Communication Services      22,197    1.1
Uni-President China                                   Consumer Staples      18,768    0.9
NetEase                                         Communication Services      17,102    0.8
Wuxi Biologics                                              Health Care     13,069    0.6
Haier Smart Home                                Consumer Discretionary      12,343    0.6
Daqo New Energy(b)                              Information Technology       8,156    0.4
H&H Group                                             Consumer Staples       7,192    0.4
Guangzhou Tinci Materials Technology                          Materials      6,754    0.3
Beijing Oriental Yuhong Waterproof Technology                 Materials      5,678    0.3
China Resources Building Materials Technology                 Materials      5,123    0.3
COSCO SHIPPING Ports                                         Industrials     4,708    0.2
Greentown Service Group                                     Real Estate      3,524    0.2
Weifu High-Technology                           Consumer Discretionary       1,967    0.1
JD.com                                          Consumer Discretionary       1,849    0.1
Weichai Power                                                Industrials       146    0.0
                                                                           559,874   27.2
Hungary
Gedeon Richter                                              Health Care     25,672    1.2
Wizz Air Holdings                                            Industrials     4,688    0.2
                                                                            30,360    1.4
India
ICICI Bank                                                   Financials    106,449    5.2
HDFC Bank                                                    Financials     54,669    2.7
Swiggy(d)                                       Consumer Discretionary      35,697    1.7
Infosys Technologies                            Information Technology      23,221    1.1
Bajaj Holdings & Investment                                  Financials     16,282    0.8
Zomato                                          Consumer Discretionary      16,215    0.8
Federal Bank                                                 Financials     15,844    0.8
ACC                                                           Materials     11,629    0.6
Ola Electric Mobility                           Consumer Discretionary       2,716    0.1
                                                                           282,722   13.8
Indonesia
Astra International                                          Industrials    11,147    0.5
                                                                            11,147    0.5
Mexico
Grupo Financiero Banorte                                    Financials      38,621    1.9
Nemak                                           Consumer Discretionary       1,698    0.1
                                                                            40,319    2.0
Peru
Intercorp Financial Services                                  Financials     8,427    0.4
                                                                             8,427    0.4
Philippines
BDO Unibank                                                   Financials     9,922    0.5
                                                                             9,922    0.5
Russia
LUKOIL(e)                                                        Energy         0     0.0
Sberbank of Russia(e)                                         Financials        0     0.0
                                                                                0     0.0
South Africa
Discovery                                                    Financials     30,157    1.4
Netcare                                                     Health Care     17,816    0.9
                                                                            47,973    2.3
South Korea
Samsung Electronics                             Information Technology      86,543    4.2
SK Hynix                                        Information Technology      56,483    2.7
NAVER                                                      Communication Services                  55,374                   2.7
Samsung Life Insurance                                                  Financials                 50,460                   2.5
LG                                                                      Industrials                35,950                   1.7
Samsung SDI                                                Information Technology                  31,919                   1.6
Doosan Bobcat                                                           Industrials                16,345                   0.8
Fila                                                       Consumer Discretionary                  11,854                   0.6
Soulbrain                                                                Materials                 10,431                   0.5
LegoChem Biosciences                                                   Health Care                  4,626                   0.2
Hankook Tire                                               Consumer Discretionary                   3,584                   0.2
KT Skylife                                                 Communication Services                   1,225                   0.1
                                                                                                  364,794                  17.8
Taiwan
TSMC                                                        Information Technology                254,022                  12.4
MediaTek                                                    Information Technology                 48,616                   2.4
Hon Hai Precision Industry                                  Information Technology                 47,365                   2.3
Yageo                                                       Information Technology                  8,271                   0.4
Lite-On Technology                                          Information Technology                  6,483                   0.3
                                                                                                  364,757                  17.8
Thailand
Kasikornbank                                                            Financials                 31,646                   1.5
Minor International                                         Consumer Discretionary                 11,388                   0.5
Thai Beverage                                                    Consumer Staples                   8,136                   0.4
Kiatnakin Phatra Bank                                                   Financials                  6,467                   0.3
Star Petroleum Refining                                                    Energy                   5,255                   0.3
                                                                                                   62,892                   3.0
United Arab Emirates
Emirates Central Cooling Systems                                          Utilities                10,351                   0.5
Spinneys                                                          Consumer Staples                  6,329                   0.3
                                                                                                   16,680                   0.8
United States
Genpact(f)                                                               Industrials               39,153                   1.9
Cognizant Technology Solutions(f)                           Information Technology                 30,858                   1.5
                                                                                                   70,011                   3.4
Total Investments                                                                               2,055,139                 100.0

(a) Preference shares: Shareholders are entitled to dividends before ordinary shareholders.
(b) US listed American Depository Receipt.
(c) TEMIT holds shares in this company listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange and American Depository Receipts listed on the
    New York stock exchange.
(d) This company is unlisted.
(e) This company is fair valued at zero as a result of its trading being suspended on international stock exchanges.
(f) This company, listed on a stock exchange in a developed market, has significant exposure to operations from emerging
    markets.

                                                         Less than            £1.5bn to             £5bn to       Greater than
Market Capitalisation Breakdown %                          £1.5bn                 £5bn               £25bn              £25bn
30 September 2024(a)                                            4.9                 8.0                26.5                58.9
31 March 2024                                                   4.6                12.6                23.3                59.5

Split Between Markets %(b)                                                             30 September 2024        31 March 2024
Emerging Markets                                                                                    96.4                 95.8
Developed Markets(c)                                                                                  3.4                 4.0
Frontier Markets                                                                                      0.2                 0.2
Source: FactSet Research System, Inc.
(a) Swiggy is unlisted at 30 September 2024 and is not included in the breakdown.
(b) Geographic split between ‘Emerging markets’, ‘Frontier markets’, ‘Developed markets’ are as per MSCI index classifications.
(c) Developed market exposure represented by companies listed in the United States which have significant exposure to operations
    from emerging markets.

Stewardship
Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust (‘TEMIT’) seeks to capture the growth potential of emerging markets companies
by employing a bottom-up security selection process with a long-term perspective. We aim to be a responsible steward of our
clients’ capital—that is why we integrate Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) factors into our investment research
process to understand the financial risks and opportunities that stem from governance and sustainability issues.
Whilst governance and sustainability issues are analysed in our research, the findings are not binding on the stock selection
process. TEMIT does not pursue any sustainable targets (for example, carbon reduction) or objectives.
We provide some examples from the last six months which illustrate our process.
Business Thesis and ESG Research
TEMIT’s research process includes a structured analysis of governance and sustainability issues to understand the financial risk
and opportunities of investing in a stock. A case study example considering ESG factors is Budweiser Brewing Company
APAC, whose shares were purchased during the six months under review.
Budweiser Brewing Company APAC, part of AB InBev Group (‘ABI’), is a leading beer company in Asia. The company has two
major markets in Asia: China and South Korea. Unlike other local brewers, Budweiser has a large market leading brand portfolio
with more than 50 beer brands, including more than 25 brands licensed from ABI.
Turning to our ESG research, Budweiser Brewing Company APAC has set key 2025 goals across multiple sustainability areas
such as climate action, water stewardship, circular packaging and sustainable agriculture. The company has an ambitious
programme to achieve net zero by 2040. Near term goals include: achieving 100% electricity from renewable sources, 25% carbon
emissions reduction across its value chain and 35% reduction in absolute scope 1 and 2 emissions.
Its water usage continues to decrease, and the company has set a goal to ensure average brewing water usage reaches 2.00 hl/hl by
2025, from 2.03 hl/hl as at end 2023. 64.8% of the company’s total beer volume was in the form of returnable packaging or made
from a majority of recycled content. The company has set a goal to increase this to 100%. The company also works with its supply
chain to ensure adequate monitoring, ranging from responsible sourcing, to ensuring compliance with UN Global Compact
Principles covering human rights, which further empowers value chain partners to deliver on sustainability objectives.
The company continues to innovate with a strong research & development capability. It is aiming for no-alcohol (by which it
means the Alcohol by Volume (‘ABV’) 0.0%-0.5%) and low-alcohol (ABV 0.51%-3.5%) beer products to represent at least 20%
of its total beer volume by the end of 2025. This is consistent with consumer trends and should enhance its growth trajectory.
The company generally exhibits strong corporate governance practices. Although the board lacks an independent majority (an
engagement topic for us), the skillset is strong, made up of industry and financial experts, with gender diversity demonstrated. The
management team is strong, and we believe incentives through compensation and ESOP (employee stock ownership plan) are well
aligned to minority shareholders. Finally, we note no material concerns in other areas such as ownership structure, accounting or
historical controversies.
Market share gains in the premium and super premium segment in China will be the key revenue and EBITDA growth driver in
the next few years. Based on our research, we have confidence in management’s ability to execute the overall business strategy
ensuring key ESG risk considerations are being managed. These considerations are central to cost efficiency, productivity, and
continuity of operations, to deliver on its long-term outlook and as such we have attributed a lower discount rate to the company
in our financial model.
Active ownership
Our significant presence in emerging markets allows our investment team to pursue active ownership, which is a key part of the
overall approach to stewardship. Over the six-month period, we have engaged with select investee companies on governance
issues, as well as executing our proxy voting policy on behalf of our shareholders.
For example, over the period under review, we reached out to the management of Baidu to encourage them to undertake a more
favourable set of shareholder return actions and policies. Baidu has continued to generate strong cash flows, despite the changing
competition landscape and slower industry growth. However, we think that the current share price has not reflected the intrinsic
value of the business and various assets on the balance sheet. There has been no dividend payout, and the multi-year buyback was
not enough to offset the dilution from share-based compensation. We have made specific requests of the company, including
asking the company to formulate a long-term shareholder return policy in the form of dividends and/or buybacks at the
management’s discretion. We await their response and monitor this issue.
One recent example of our proxy voting was our votes against proposals to approve two Director elections at COSCO
SHIPPING Ports on the grounds that one director failed to attend at least 75% of board meetings in the most recent fiscal year,
without a satisfactory explanation, while another director was serving on more than six public company boards. Strong and
engaged board oversight is important for value creation at a company. We continue to use our voting power as a signal to
management on important issues raised through voting ballots.
We will be sharing a more detailed account of our stewardship practices in the next Annual Report and dedicated Stewardship
Report.
                                                                                                                   Chetan Sehgal
                                                                                                            Lead Portfolio Manager
                                                                                                                  9 December 2024
Independent review report
to the members of Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust plc

Conclusion

We have been engaged by Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust plc (‘the Company’) to review the condensed set of
Financial Statements in the Half Yearly Report for the six months ended 30 September 2024 which comprises the Statement of
Comprehensive Income, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of Cash Flows, and related
notes 1-9. We have read the other information contained in the Half Yearly Report and considered whether it contains any
apparent misstatements or material inconsistencies with the information in the condensed set of Financial Statements.

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed set of Financial Statements in
the Half Yearly Report for the six months ended 30 September 2024 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with
UK adopted International Accounting Standard 34 and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the United Kingdom’s
Financial Conduct Authority.

Basis for conclusion

We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 (UK) ‘Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity’ (ISRE) issued by the Financial Reporting Council. A
review of interim financial information consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would
become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

As disclosed in note 1, the annual Financial Statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with UK adopted international
accounting standards. The condensed set of Financial Statements included in this Half Yearly Report has been prepared in
accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standard 34, ‘Interim Financial Reporting’.

Conclusions relating to going concern

Based on our review procedures, which are less extensive than those performed in an audit as described in the Basis for
Conclusion section of this report, nothing has come to our attention to suggest that management have inappropriately adopted the
going concern basis of accounting or that management have identified material uncertainties relating to going concern that are not
appropriately disclosed.

This conclusion is based on the review procedures performed in accordance with this ISRE, however future events or conditions
may cause the entity to cease to continue as a going concern.

Responsibilities of the Directors

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Half Yearly Report in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
Rules of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority.

In preparing the Half Yearly Report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the review of the financial information

In reviewing the Half Yearly Report, we are responsible for expressing to the Company a conclusion on the condensed set of
Financial Statements in the Half Yearly Report. Our conclusion, including our Conclusions relating to going concern, are based on
procedures that are less extensive than audit procedures, as described in the Basis for Conclusion paragraph of this report.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the Company in accordance with guidance contained in International Standard on Review
Engagements 2410 (UK) ‘Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity’ issued by
the Financial Reporting Council. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other
than the Company, for our work, for this report, or for the conclusions we have formed.

                                                                                                             Ernst & Young LLP
                                                                                                                        London

                                                                                                                 9 December 2024
Financial statements

Statement of comprehensive income

For the six months to 30 September 2024

                                       For the Six Months to     For the Six Months to
                                        30 September 2024         30 September 2023             Year Ended
                                            (unaudited)               (unaudited)         31 March 2024 (audited)
                                     Revenue Capital     Total Revenue Capital     Total Revenue Capital      Total
                                Note   £’000     £’000   £’000   £’000     £’000   £’000   £’000    £’000     £’000
Net Gains/(Losses) on
Investments and Foreign
Exchange
Net Gains/(Losses) on
                                               – 106,120 106,120             – (44,956) (44,956)           –     94,636     94,636
Investments at Fair Value
Net Losses on Foreign
Exchange                                       –    (286)      (286)         –     (649)     (649)         –      (817)      (817)
Income
Dividends                          2      42,859   3,720 46,579        42,180    6,560     48,740     65,350      6,560     71,910
Other Income                               3,046       –   3,046        3,278        –      3,278      6,536          –      6,536
                                          45,905 109,554 155,459       45,458 (39,045)      6,413     71,886    100,379    172,265
Expenses
AIFM Fee(a)                              (2,606) (6,081)     (8,687)   (2,580)   (6,019)   (8,599)   (5,130)   (11,970) (17,100)
Other Expenses                             (981)       –       (981)     (821)         –     (821)   (1,774)          – (1,774)
                                         (3,587) (6,081)     (9,668)   (3,401)   (6,019)   (9,420)   (6,904)   (11,970) (18,874)
Profit/(Loss) Before Finance
                                          42,318 103,473 145,791       42,057 (45,064)     (3,007)    64,982     88,409    153,391
Costs and Taxation
Finance Costs(a)                           (316)    (733)    (1,049)     (389)     (909)   (1,298)     (751)     (1,747)   (2,498)
Profit/(Loss) Before
Taxation                                  42,002 102,740 144,742        41,668 (45,973) (4,305)       64,231      86,662 150,893
Tax Expense                        6     (2,701) (9,044) (11,745)      (3,338) (4,291) (7,629)       (5,366)     (5,201) (10,567)
Profit/(Loss) for the Year                39,301 93,696 132,997         38,330 (50,264) (11,934)      58,865      81,461 140,326
Profit/(Loss) Attributable to
Equity Holders of the                     39,301   93,696 132,997      38,330 (50,264) (11,934)       58,865     81,461    140,326
Company
Earnings per Share                 3      3.60p     8.57p    12.17p      3.34p   (4.37)p (1.03)p       5.18p      7.17p     12.35p

Under the Company’s Articles of Association the capital element of return is not distributable. The total column of this statement
represents the profit and loss account of the Company. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.

(a) 70% of the annual Alternative Investment Fund Manager (‘AIFM’) fee and 70% of the finance costs, except for interest and
    fees on overdrafts, have been allocated to the capital account.
Statement of financial position

As at 30 September 2024

                                                  As at 30 September 2024     As at 30 September 2023    As at 31 March 2024
                                                               (unaudited)                 (unaudited)              (audited)
                                       Note                         £’000                       £’000                  £’000
Non-Current Assets
Investments at Fair Value Through
Profit or Loss                                                    2,055,139                 1,910,022              1,995,232
Current Assets
Trade and Other Receivables                                         22,349                     10,622                 10,759
Cash and Cash Equivalents                                          105,830                    130,722                145,736
Total Current Assets                                               128,179                    141,344                156,495
Current Liabilities
Bank Loan                                                         (100,000)                          –              (100,000)
Other Payables                                                      (4,460)                    (3,902)                (6,401)
Total Current Liabilities                                         (104,460)                    (3,902)              (106,401)
Net Current Assets                                                   23,719                   137,442                  50,094
Non-Current Liabilities
Capital Gains Tax Provision                                        (18,241)                  (11,898)               (10,463)
Bank Loan                                                                 –                 (100,000)                      –
Total Assets Less Liabilities                                     2,060,617                 1,935,566              2,034,863
Share Capital and Reserves
Equity Share Capital                      4                          58,622                    61,955                 60,932
Capital Redemption Reserve                                           24,047                    20,714                 21,737
Capital Reserve                                                   1,407,545                 1,286,949              1,388,186
Special Distributable Reserve                                       433,546                   433,546                433,546
Revenue Reserve                                                     136,857                   132,402                130,462
Equity Shareholders’ Funds                                        2,060,617                 1,935,566              2,034,863
Net Asset Value Pence per Share(a)                                    192.8                     170.5                  182.5

(a) Based on shares in issue excluding shares held in treasury.
Statement of changes in equity

For the six months to 30 September 2024 (unaudited)

                                                         Capital                     Special
                                        Equity Share Redemption      Capital   Distributable   Revenue
                                             Capital    Reserve     Reserve         Revenue    Reserve        Total
                                   Note        £’000       £’000       £’000           £’000      £’000       £’000
Balance at 31 March 2023                      63,148      19,521   1,372,654         433,546    128,634   2,017,503
(Loss)/Profit for the Period                       –           –    (50,264)               –     38,330    (11,934)
Equity Dividends                      5            –           –           –               –   (34,562)    (34,562)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own
Shares                                 4        (1,193)    1,193    (35,441)              –           –    (35,441)
Balance at 30 September 2023                     61,955   20,714   1,286,949        433,546     132,402   1,935,566
Profit for the Period                                 –        –     131,725              –      20,535     152,260
Equity Dividends                       5              –        –           –              –    (22,475)    (22,475)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own
Shares                                 4        (1,023)    1,023    (30,488)              –           –    (30,488)
Balance at 31 March 2024                         60,932   21,737   1,388,186        433,546     130,462   2,034,863
Profit for the Period                                 –        –      93,696              –      39,301     132,997
Equity Dividends                       5              –        –           –              –    (32,906)    (32,906)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own
Shares                                 4        (2,310)    2,310    (74,337)              –          –     (74,337)
Balance at 30 September 2024                     58,622   24,047   1,407,545        433,546    136,857    2,060,617
Statement of cash flows

For the six months to 30 September 2024

                                                  For the six months to   For the six months to    For the year to
                                                    30 September 2024       30 September 2023      31 March 2024
                                                            (unaudited)             (unaudited)          (audited)
                                                                 £’000                   £’000              £’000
Cash Flows From Operating Activities
Profit/(Loss) Before Taxation                                  144,742                  (4,305)           150,893
Adjustments to Reconcile Profit/(Loss) Before
Taxation to Cash Used in Operations:
Bank and Deposit Interest Income Recognised                    (3,023)                  (3,266)           (6,518)
Dividend Income Recognised                                    (46,579)                 (48,740)          (71,910)
Finance Costs                                                    1,047                    1,298             2,498
Net (Gains)/Losses on Investments at Fair Value              (106,120)                   44,956          (94,636)
Net Losses on Foreign Exchange                                     286                      649               817
(Increase)/Decrease in Debtors                                    (18)                        13             (23)
Increase/(Decrease) in Creditors                                   159                       (4)             (29)
Cash Used in Operations                                        (9,506)                  (9,399)          (18,908)
Bank and Deposit Interest Received                               3,094                    3,266             6,434
Dividends Received                                              50,017                   49,274            71,024
Bank Overdraft Interest Paid                                        (2)                        –               (2)
Tax Paid                                                       (3,574)                  (5,457)           (9,945)
Net Realised Gains/(Losses) on Foreign Currency
Cash and Cash Equivalents                                          647                   (355)              (435)
Net Cash Inflow From Operating Activities                       40,676                  37,329             48,168
Cash Flows From Investing Activities
Purchases of Non-Current Financial Assets                    (213,890)               (271,085)          (463,750)
Sales of Non-Current Financial Assets                          241,804                 302,151            553,641
Net Cash Inflow From Investing Activities                       27,914                  31,066             89,891
Cash Flows From Financing Activities
Equity Dividends Paid                                          (32,906)                (34,562)          (57,037)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares                        (74,549)                (34,831)          (65,784)
Interest and Fees Paid on Bank Loans                            (1,041)                 (1,276)           (2,490)
Net Cash (Outflow)/Inflow From Financing
Activities                                                   (108,496)                 (70,669)         (125,311)
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash                               (39,906)                   (2,274)           12,748
Cash at the Start of the Period                                145,736                  132,988           132,988
Net Unrealised Gains/(Losses) on Foreign
Currency Cash and Cash Equivalents                                   0                       8                  0
Cash at the End of the Period                                  105,830                 130,722            145,736
Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising From Bank Loans

                                                 Liabilities as                                        Liabilities as
                                            at 31 March 2024      Cash Flows    Profit & Loss at 30 September 2024
                                                         £’000          £’000           £’000                  £’000
Fixed term loan                                       100,000               –               –               100,000
 - Interest and Fees Payable                               349        (1,041)           1,047                    355
Total Liabilities From Bank Loans                     100,349         (1,041)           1,047               100,355

                                                 Liabilities as                                        Liabilities as
                                            at 31 March 2023      Cash Flows    Profit & Loss at 30 September 2023
                                                         £’000          £’000           £’000                  £’000
Revolving Credit Facility                                     –             –               –                       –
 - Interest and Fees Payable                                  –         (241)             241                       –
Fixed Term Loan                                       100,000               –               –               100,000
 - Interest and Fees Payable                               343        (1,035)           1,057                    365
Total Liabilities From Bank Loans                     100,343         (1,276)           1,298               100,365

                                                 Liabilities as                                         Liabilities as
                                            at 31 March 2023      Cash Flows    Profit & Loss      at 31 March 2024
                                                         £’000          £’000           £’000                   £’000
Revolving Credit Facility                                     –             –               –                        –
 - Interest and Fees Payable                                  –         (401)             401                        –
Fixed Term Loan                                       100,000               –               –                100,000
 - Interest and Fees Payable                               343        (2,089)           2,095                     349
Total Liabilities From Bank Loans                     100,343         (2,490)           2,496                100,349
Notes to the financial statements

For the six months to 30 September 2024

1   Basis of preparation

The Half Yearly Report for the six months to 30 September 2024 has been prepared in accordance with the UK adopted
International Accounting Standard (‘IAS’) 34 ‘Interim Financial Reporting’.

The Company has adopted the Statement of Recommended Practice (‘SORP’) for investment trusts issued by the Association of
lnvestment Companies (‘AIC’) and updated in July 2022 insofar as the SORP is compatible with UK adopted International
Accounting Standards. The accounting policies applied in these half yearly Financial Statements are consistent with those applied
in the Company’s Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2024 and have been applied consistently to all periods
presented in these interim Financial Statements.

The financial information contained in this interim statement does not constitute statutory accounts as defined in section 434 of
the Companies Act 2006. The financial information for the half years ended 30 September 2024 and 30 September 2023 has not
been audited. The figures and financial information for the year ended 31 March 2024 are extracted from the published accounts
and do not constitute the statutory accounts for that period. Those accounts have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies and
included the Report of the Independent Auditors, which was unqualified and did not include a statement under sections 498(2) or
498(3) of the Companies Act 2006.

As at 30 September 2024, the Company had net current assets of £23,719,000 (31 March 2024: net current assets £50,094,000).
The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has sufficient resources to continue in operational existence for the
period to 31 March 2026, which is at least 12 months from the date of approval of these Financial Statements. Accordingly, the
Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

2   Income

The Company received special dividends amounting to £8.5 million (30 September 2023: £7.7 million) of which £3.7 million was
classified as capital and £4.8 million was classified as revenue (30 September 2023: £6.6 million and £1.1 million respectively).

3   Earnings per share

                                                       For the Six Months to      For the Six Months to       For the Year to
                                                         30 September 2024          30 September 2023         31 March 2024
                                                                       £’000                       £’000                £’000
Revenue Profit                                                        39,301                      38,330               58,865
Capital Profit/(Loss)                                                 93,696                   (50,264)                81,461
Total                                                                132,997                   (11,934)               140,326
Weighted Average Number of Shares in Issue                     1,092,655,677              1,149,158,447        1,136,517,365
Revenue Profit per Share                                               3.60p                       3.34p                5.18p
Capital Profit/(Loss) per Share                                        8.57p                     (4.37)p                7.17p
Total                                                                 12.17p                     (1.03)p               12.35p

4   Equity Share Capital

                                                For the Six Months to       For the Six Months to             For the Year to
                                                 30 September 2024           30 September 2023                31 March 2024
Ordinary Shares In Issue                           £’000      Number            £’000      Number            £’000       Number
Opening Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                55,741 1,114,818,617         57,957 1,159,138,372         57,957 1,159,138,372
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares          (2,310) (46,214,019)         (1,193) (23,862,295)         (2,216) (44,319,755)
Closing Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                53,431 1,068,604,598         56,764 1,135,276,077         55,741 1,114,818,617

                                                For the Six Months to       For the Six Months to           For the Year to
                                                 30 September 2024           30 September 2023              31 March 2024
Ordinary Shares Held in Treasury                  £’000       Number          £’000         Number          £’000      Number
Opening Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                5,191 103,825,895           5,191      103,825,895        5,191 103,825,895
Closing Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                5,191 103,825,895           5,191      103,825,895        5,191 103,825,895
Total ordinary shares in issue and held in
                                                  58,622 1,172,430,493        61,955    1,239,101,972      60,932 1,218,644,512
treasury at the end of the period
In the six months to 30 September 2024, 46,214,019 shares were bought back for cancellation for a total consideration of
£74,337,000 (30 September 2023: 23,862,295 shares were bought back for cancellation for a total consideration of £35,441,000).
All shares bought back in the period were cancelled, with none being placed in treasury (30 September 2023: no shares were
placed into treasury).

5   Dividends

                                               For the Six Months to For the Six Months to        For the Year to
                                                30 September 2024      30 September 2023          31 March 2024
                                               Rate (Pence)    £’000 Rate (Pence)     £’000 Rate (Pence)          £’000
Declared and Paid During the Period:
Dividend on Shares:
Final dividends for the years ended 31
                                                         3.00     32,906             3.00       34,562             3.00           34,562
March 2024 and 31 March 2023
Interim dividend for the six months ended
                                                            –           –               –             –            2.00           22,475
30 September 2023
Total                                                    3.00     32,906             3.00       34,562             5.00           57,037

On 9 December 2024 the Board declared an interim dividend of 2.00 pence per share for the financial year 2025 (financial year
2024: 2.00 pence per share interim dividend). This dividend has not been accrued in the Financial Statements for the six months
ended 30 September 2024 as dividends are recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive the payment is established. For the
2025 interim dividend this would be the ex-dividend date of 19 December 2024.

6   Taxation

The total tax expense of £11.74 million (30 September 2023: £7.63 million) consists of a revenue tax expense of £2.70 million (30
September 2023: £3.34 million) and a capital tax expense of £9.04 million (30 September 2023: £4.29 million). The revenue tax
expense relates to irrecoverable overseas tax on dividends. The capital tax expense consists of £7.77 million (30 September 2023:
£2.22 million) expense arising from an increase in the provision for deferred tax on unrealised gains on holdings in India and a
£1.27 million expense (30 September 2023: £2.07 million) arising from tax on realised gains on holdings in India.

7   Costs of Investment Transactions

During the period, expenses were incurred in acquiring or disposing of investments. The following costs of transactions are
included in the gains/(losses) on investments at fair value:

                                                           For the Six Months to         For the Six Months to          For the Year to
                                                             30 September 2024             30 September 2023            31 March 2024
                                                                          £’000                         £’000                    £’000
Purchase Expenses                                                           226                           320                      546
Sales Expenses                                                              531                           657                    1,210
Total                                                                       757                           977                    1,756

8   Fair Value

Fair values are derived as follows:

• Where assets are denominated in a foreign currency, they are converted into the sterling amount using period end rates of
  exchange;

• Investments held by the Company on the basis set out in the annual accounting policies;

• Cash at the denominated currency of the account; and

• Other financial assets and liabilities at the carrying value which is a reasonable approximation of the fair value.

The tables below analyse financial instruments carried at fair value by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as
follows:

Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;

Level 2. Inputs other than quoted prices included with level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (prices)
         or indirectly (derived from prices); and

Level 3. Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
The hierarchy valuation of investments through profit and loss are shown below:

                                                            30 September 2024          30 September 2023            31 March 2024
                                                                         £’000                      £’000                   £’000
Level 1                                                              2,019,442                  1,910,022               1,995,232
Level 2                                                                      –                          –                       –
Level 3                                                                 35,697                          –                       –
Total                                                                2,055,139                  1,910,022               1,995,232

The Company held three Level 3 securities as at 30 September 2024 (31 March 2024: two).

The investments in Russian securities, LUKOIL and Sberbank of Russia, continue to be fair valued at £nil (31 March 2024: £nil)
and are classified as Level 3 due to the inability of the Company to access the local Moscow equity markets and the very limited
access to the over-the-counter market. The fair value of these investments is based on a liquidity discount of 100% to the last
traded price for an exit price of zero.

The investment in Swiggy was acquired during the current period and was fair valued at £35.70 million as of 30 September 2024.
It has been classified as Level 3 due to its unlisted status and has been fair valued based on a pricing model that is 75% discounted
cash flows and 25% on a comparable peer group. The unobservable inputs as of 30 September 2024 are below.

                                                                                                            Reasonable Reasonable
                                                                                 Weighted Reasonable           possible   possible
              Fair value                                                          average    possible           shift +     shift -
Description        £’000 Unobservable input                                         input    shift +/-           £’000      £’000
                         CY25 Enterprise Value and Revenue Multiple of
Equities         35,697                                                                x8.5          x1.5          503         (503)
                         Comparable Group 1
                         CY25 Enterprise Value and Revenue Multiple of
                                                                                       x6.7          x1.5        1,508       (1,508)
                         Comparable Group 2
                         Comparable Group 1 Weighting                                25.0%         10.0%            235        (235)
                         Discount for Lack of Marketability                           5.7%          1.5%          (568)          568
                         Forecasted Cashflows                                       100.0%         20.0%          5,123      (5,123)
                         Weighted Average Cost of Capital                            11.1%          1.0%        (4,344)        6,107
                         Long Term Growth Rate                                        5.0%          0.5%          1,980      (1,681)
                         Discounted Cash Flow Weighting                              75.0%         10.0%          (605)          605

The following table presents the movement in Level 3 investments for the period:

                                                             30 September 2024          30 September 2023           31 March 2024
                                                                          £’000                     £’000                   £’000
Opening Balance                                                               –                          –                       –
Additions at Cost - Purchase of Level 3 Assets                           37,952                          –                       –
Disposal Proceeds – Sale of Level 3 Assets                                    –                  (7,766)(a)              (7,766)(a)
Net Gains/(Losses) on Foreign Exchange                                  (2,255)                          –                       –
Net Gains/(Losses) on Investments at Fair Value                               –                      7,766                   7,766
Level 3 Closing Balance                                                  35,697                          –                       –

The fixed term loan is shown at amortised cost within the Statement of Financial Position. If the fixed term loan was shown at fair
value the impact would be:

                                                             30 September 2024           30 September 2023          31 March 2024
                                                                         £’000                       £’000                  £’000
Fixed Term Loan at Amortised Cost                                      100,000                     100,000                100,000
Fixed Term Loan at Fair Value                                           98,980                      94,800                 96,770
Increase in Net Assets                                                   1,020                       5,200                  3,230

The fair value of the fixed term loan included in the table above is calculated by aggregating the expected future cash flows which
are discounted at a rate comprising the sum of SONIA rate plus a spread. The fixed term loan at fair value is classed as Level 2.

9   Events after the reporting period

On 1 October 2024, the allocation of annual AIFM fee and finance costs was updated from 70% to 75% being allocated to the
capital account, with the remainder being allocated to revenue. The Board believes that this is more reflective of the expected
long-term split of returns between capital and revenue.

(a) Represents the sale of the holding in Yandex on 23 May 2023 for £7,766,000.
On 13 November 2024, Swiggy was successfully listed on the National Stock Exchange of India and at 20 November, which is
the latest available date, Swiggy was trading 23.3% higher which represents an uplift of £10.91 million for TEMIT since
purchase. TEMIT has a lock in period of 6 months from the listing date.

On 9 December 2024 the Board declared an interim dividend of 2.00 pence per share for the financial year 2025 (financial year
2024: 2.00 pence per share interim dividend). Please see Note 5 in the full Half Yearly Report for more information.

The Half Yearly Report for the six months to 30 September 2024 was approved by the Board on 9 December 2024. A copy of the
report is available on our website www.temit.co.uk.

The PDF of the Half Yearly Report will be uploaded and available for viewing on the National Storage Mechanism, posted to the
website www.temit.co.uk/resources/literature and may also be requested during normal business hours from Client Dealer
Services at Franklin Templeton Investment Management Limited on freephone 0800 305 306.

For further information please e-mail temitcosec@franklintempleton.com.

The information contained in this announcement is restricted and is not for publication, release or distribution in the United States
of America, any member state of the European Economic Area, Canada, Australia, Japan or the Republic of South Africa.
