                                                 Stock Exchange Announcement
                                                   Statement of Annual Results
                                  TEMPLETON EMERGING MARKETS INVESTMENT TRUST PLC
                                                 (“TEMIT” or the “Company”)
                                         Legal Entity Identifier 5493002NMTB70RZBXO96

                                                  Annual Report and Accounts to 31 March 2026

Introducing TEMIT

Launched in June 1989, Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust plc (‘TEMIT’ or the ‘Company’) is an investment trust
that invests principally in emerging markets companies with the aim of delivering capital growth to shareholders over the long
term. While the majority of the Company’s shareholders are based in the UK, shares are traded on both the London and New
Zealand stock exchanges. From its launch to 31 March 2026, TEMIT’s net asset value (‘NAV’) total return was +6,438.0%
compared to the benchmark total return of +2,285.3%.

The Company is governed by a Board of Directors that is committed to ensuring that shareholders’ best interests, considering the
wider community of stakeholders, are at the forefront of all decisions. Under the guidance of the Chairman, the Board of Directors
is responsible for the overall strategy of the Company and monitoring its performance.


Financial highlights

                                         2026           2025        3 Years Cumulative             5 Years Cumulative              10 Years Cumulative
Net Assets Value
Total Return                            41.3%          8.8%                 65.7%                          38.2%                           220.3%
(cum-income)(a)
Share Price Total
                                        48.6%          13.3%                76.6%                          39.9%                           250.4%
Return(a)
MSCI Emerging
                                        26.8%          5.8%                 42.0%                          25.4%                           131.0%
Markets Index(a)(b)
Proposed Total
                                         5.25p         5.25p               15.25p                          23.85p                          40.67p
Ordinary Dividend(c)(d)(e)
(a)
      A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.
(b)
      Source: MSCI. The Company’s benchmark is the MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index.
(c)
      An annual ordinary dividend of 5.25 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2026 has been proposed. This comprises the interim dividend of 2.00
      pence per share paid by the Company on 30 January 2026 and the proposed final dividend of 3.25 pence per share.
(d)
      3, 5 and 10 year cumulative dividends include ordinary dividends that shareholders were entitled to in those periods. 10 year cumulative figure excludes the
      special dividend of 0.52 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2020 and the special dividend of 2.00 pence per share for the year ended 31 March
      2021.
(e)
      Financial years 2016 to 2021 have been retrospectively adjusted following the sub-division of each existing ordinary share of 25 pence into five ordinary
      shares of 5 pence each on 26 July 2021.




Strategic report

The Directors present the Strategic Report for the year ended 31 March 2026, which incorporates the Chairman’s Statement, and
has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

The aim of the Strategic Report is to provide shareholders with the ability to assess how the Directors have performed in their duty
to promote the success of the Company for shareholders’ collective benefit, and having regard for the interests of all stakeholders,
by bringing together in one place key information about the Company’s strategy, the risks it faces, how it is performing and the
outlook.

Financial Summary
2025–2026

                                                                                                                       Year Ended                Year Ended
                                                                                                                    31 March 2026             31 March 2025
 Net Asset Value Total Return (Cum-Income)(a)                                                                               41.3%                      8.8%
 Share Price Total Return(a)                                                                                                48.6%                     13.3%
 MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index Total Return (a)                                                               26.8%                      5.8%
 Total Net Assets (£ millions)                                                                                             2,525.6                   1,985.4
 Net Asset Value (Pence per Share)                                                                                             267.3                     193.7
 Share Price (Pence per Share)                                                                                                 245.5                     169.6
 Share Price Discount to Net Asset Value at Year End (a)                                                                       8.2%                     12.4%
 Average Share Price Discount to Net Asset Value Over the Year (a)                                                             9.7%                     13.8%
 Ordinary Dividend(b) (Pence per Share)                                                                                         5.25                      5.25
 Revenue Earnings(c) (Pence per Share)                                                                                          5.39                      5.41
 Net Gearing(a)                                                                                                                1.2%                      0.2%
 Ongoing Charges Ratio(a)                                                                                                     0.86%                     0.95%
 Source: Franklin Templeton and FactSet.
(a)
     A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.
(b)
     An annual ordinary dividend of 5.25 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2026 has been proposed. This comprises the interim dividend of 2.00
     pence per share (2025: 2.00 pence per share) paid by the Company on 30 January 2026 and a proposed final dividend of 3.25 pence per share (2025: 3.25
     pence per share).
(c)
     The revenue earnings per share figures are shown in the Statement of Comprehensive Income and Note 7 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

10 year record
2016-2026

                                                                                                            Annual
                                             Annual                 NAV(a) Share Price(a)                Dividend(a)    Ongoing
                           Total Net        Dividend Buy backs      (Pence       (Pence      Year-End        (Pence     Charges
Year Ended                Assets (£m)           (£m)       (£m) per Share)   per Share) Discount(b) (%) per Share) Ratio(b) (%)
31 March 2016                 1,562.3            24.1       93.6     104.8          90.8           13.4        1.65        1.22
31 March 2017                 2,148.1            23.1       89.4     152.6        132.3            13.3        1.65        1.20
31 March 2018                 2,300.8            40.0       72.5     169.2        148.6            12.2        3.00        1.12
31 March 2019                 2,118.2            40.2     147.5      168.5        153.2              9.1       3.20        1.02
31 March 2020                 1,775.7            45.9(c)    69.9     146.5        131.4            10.3        3.80(c)     1.02
                                                      (c)                                                           (c)
31 March 2021                 2,591.3            44.9       49.6     219.4        202.4              7.7       3.80        0.97
31 March 2022                 2,100.4            44.8        3.6     178.2        156.4            12.2        3.80        0.97
31 March 2023                 2,017.5            57.8       29.2     174.1        152.2            12.6        5.00        0.98
31 March 2024                 2,034.9            55.4       65.9     182.5        154.4            15.4        5.00        0.97
                                                      (d)                                                           (d)
31 March 2025                 1,985.4            54.0     149.2      193.7        169.6            12.4        5.25        0.95
31 March 2026                 2,525.6          49.7(d)    166.7      267.3        245.5              8.2       5.25(d)     0.86
Source: Franklin Templeton and FactSet.
(a)
     Comparative figures for financial years 2016 to 2021 have been retrospectively adjusted following the sub-division of each existing ordinary share of 25
     pence into five ordinary shares of 5 pence each on 26 July 2021.
(b)
     A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.
(c)
     Excludes the special dividend of 0.52 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2020 and the special dividend of 2.00 pence per share for the year ended
     31 March 2021.
(d)
     Based on a proposed annual ordinary dividend of 5.25 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2026. This comprises a proposed final dividend of 3.25
     pence per share calculated using shares in issue as at 21 May 2026 and the interim dividend of 2.00 pence per share paid 30 January 2026.



Chairman’s statement

Performance(a)
(a)
      See glossary of terms and alternative performance measures in the full Annual Report.

During the year to 31 March 2026 the performance of TEMIT was unusually strong, with a net asset value (‘NAV’) total return of
+41.3% and a share price total return of +48.6%. These returns were well ahead of the benchmark’s +26.8% and the Board would
like to congratulate our Investment Managers for another excellent year.

We have always believed that emerging markets should be treated as a long-term investment and we caution that not too much
emphasis should be placed on any one year. Over five and ten years, TEMIT has produced NAV total returns of +38.2% and
+220.3% respectively, in both cases beating the benchmark returns which were +12.8% and +89.3%. The Managers long-term
track record was recognised in May 2025 when Chetan Sehgal and Andrew Ness were awarded Citywire’s highest rating of AAA,
noting their consistent performance in managing TEMIT’s portfolio.

The year has not been without its geopolitical challenges. US President Trump’s “Liberation Day” was declared on the second day
of the financial year. The announcement of the intention to impose widespread tariffs on imports into the United States from most
countries was expected but both the levels and number of countries affected were much higher than predicted, leading to
considerable investor anxiety and market volatility. By a year later, most of the tariffs have been struck down by the US Supreme
Court but the situation, and the US government’s next steps, remain far from clear. China was clearly the key target of the US
President but arguably it is too integrated into the global economy for economic sanctions to profit any party and, as seems
increasingly apparent, it has the ability to play the long game whilst becoming less dependent on the US both as a supplier of
technology and as a market for its products. As a result of the geopolitical tensions, both the NAV of the Company and its share
price initially fell sharply but subsequently increased substantially over the summer, leading to a strong overall return for the first
half of our accounting year, to the end of September.

Performance over the second half of our accounting year was, again, largely strong but towards the end of the period geopolitics
again played a major part. The US and Israeli military attacks on Iran precipitated a sell-off in markets as it became apparent that
Iran would continue to be able to impair the flow of oil from the region. Asia is particularly dependent on oil from the Middle
East. As a result, over the month of March our NAV declined, tempering returns but still leaving us well ahead for the year.

Share price rating

Shareholders will also be pleased that the discount has again narrowed over the year, adding to the total return achieved. As has
been stated previously the Board finds the persistence and scale of the discount at which the Company’s shares have traded to
their underlying NAV in recent years to be unsatisfactory. As previously noted, the Board’s premise is that, whilst there are
significant benefits to a closed ended vehicle, the fact that we are not required to return capital to shareholders does not mean that
we should not do so, provided that this does not compromise the ability of the Company to meet its objectives such that, two years
ago, we announced a series of measures with the intention of improving liquidity and returns for holders of TEMIT’s shares and
we have subsequently maintained this approach which is, in summary, commitments to:
     • At least maintain the level of annual dividend of 5.00 pence per share;
     • Repurchase up to £200 million of shares over the following 12 to 24 months;
     • A conditional tender offer, under which TEMIT will tender for up to 25% of its shares if it underperforms its benchmark
         index over five years to March 2029; and
     • A phased reduction in AIFM fees, which will result in fees of 1% on the first £1billion and 0.5% of any assets above that
         level with effect from 1 July 2026. Based on the NAV at the year end, the blended fee rate from 1 July would then be just
         under 0.7%.

In the year to 31 March 2026, TEMIT spent £166.7 million on share buybacks. Shares were bought back at an average discount of
10.2%, resulting in an aggregate increase in the NAV per share for remaining shareholders of 0.8%.

It is the Board’s intention to repurchase up to £300 million of shares in the next twelve to twenty four months. This increased
commitment reflects the increased market capitalisation of the Company.

In last year’s Annual Report we noted that the discount had closed from 15.4% at the end of financial year 2024 to 12.4% at the
end of March 2025. I am pleased to report that at the 31 March 2026 year-end the discount had further closed to 8.2%, despite the
pressure on share prices and ratings in March resulting from the war in Iran.

I have stated in recent reports that the Board does not believe that share buybacks alone will eliminate the discount, but they will
enhance liquidity and earnings to the benefit of all shareholders. For the discount to narrow, we believe that there are three
important factors: renewed investor enthusiasm for emerging market equities; a company structure with investment performance
that makes it attractive relative to other investment vehicles; and an enhanced profile through marketing that increases awareness
amongst new investors.

There is some evidence that investors’ attention is moving towards emerging markets and away from the US. Valuations in the US
market, particularly of the so-called “magnificent 7” technology stocks, have become stretched and there is recognition that US
isolationism may ultimately lead to the country being a less attractive place to invest. Meanwhile, it remains the case that the
‘magnificent 7’ have a market capitalisation that is more than double that of the entire MSCI Emerging Markets Index. Not only
is this a stark illustration of relative valuation levels but given the prevalence of ‘passive’ investment strategies tracking such
indices, it also suggests a mismatch between investment flows and world GDP and growth.

Should these apparent valuation and weightings anomalies re-balance, renewed interest in emerging markets may be the driver of
the strong absolute returns that TEMIT enjoyed over the last year and the further improvement in the share price rating.

TEMIT has for many years committed a sizeable budget to marketing the Company’s shares, which is matched by a contribution
from Franklin Templeton. TEMIT has a first-class website and regular updates and Franklin Templeton continues to develop
effective new ways to communicate with existing and potential investors, including broadcast channels, digital media, print, press
and social media, as well as direct communications. We were pleased TEMIT was again awarded “Best Marketing Campaign” by
the Association of Investment Companies this year, with the citation: “The judges were impressed with the winning entry’s
imaginative and meaningful multi-channel campaign. The scientific approach and measurable results showed the effectiveness of
the campaign and the impact on shareholders.”

Revenue and dividends
Revenue earnings for the year under review were 5.39 pence per share. At the half-year stage we paid an unchanged interim
dividend of 2.00 pence per share and we are also proposing an unchanged final dividend of 3.25 pence per share which will be
subject to shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’). The total dividend for the year will then be 5.25 pence
per share and so again above the minimum commitment set out above and fully covered by revenue earned during the year.

Gearing

In January 2026 TEMIT renewed its £122 million multi-currency revolving credit facility with The Bank of Nova Scotia, London
branch. The new loan facility is a rolling agreement and commercial terms will be reviewed every three years. It provides flexible
debt which can be drawn in sterling, US dollars (‘USD’) and offshore renminbi (Chinese Yuan, ‘CNH’). As at the end of March
2026, drawings were £40 million, USD 50 million (equivalent to £38 million) and CNH 300 million (equivalent to £33 million).

In mid-September 2025, the Board announced that it had authorised the Investment Managers to invest in equity options and
equity Contracts for Difference. These investments will enable more flexibility and potentially lower costs in managing the
portfolio's geared exposure to equities. To accommodate this, minor changes were made to the Company's investment policy
which did not require approval by shareholders. The revised investment policy can be found in the full Annual Report or on
TEMIT’s website at www.temit.co.uk/resources/literature. As at the end of March, the Portfolio Manager had made three
investments in covered call options and these are described in the full Annual Report.

Stewardship

Since TEMIT was launched over 36 years ago, our Investment Managers have always focused on the corporate governance of
investee companies, which we believe has helped many companies to understand and attract international investors. Over the
years, the level of investor attention on sustainability has grown and investment managers’ broader approach to the stewardship of
investors’ capital and the companies in which they invest has come under increasing scrutiny. Our report on this subject is
included in the full Annual Report. For those interested in exploring the subject in more depth, our Investment Managers have in
recent years produced a comprehensive, dedicated Stewardship Report for TEMIT. This year’s report is published simultaneously
with this Annual Report and is available to download at www.temit.co.uk.

The Board

David Graham will retire at this year’s AGM, having served as a Director for nine years and in line with our policy on Directors’
tenure. David’s wide-ranging experience in international investment management has proven invaluable to the Board and, on
behalf of myself and my colleagues, I would like to thank him for his many thoughtful insights, his incisive questioning and the
enthusiasm that he has brought to his role over the last nine years.

At the time of writing, we are in the process of recruiting a new Non-Executive Director and an announcement will be made in
due course.

Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’)

I am pleased to extend an invitation to all shareholders to join us for our Annual General Meeting on 9 July 2026 at The Minster
Building, 21 Mincing Lane, London EC3R 7AG.

The AGM is the central component of the governance of your Company where you have the opportunity of holding the Directors
and Managers to account. The Board values any and all interactions with investors and it is disappointing that the AGM is
attended by so few people.

This year we have taken some steps to make the AGM more accessible and to enhance the content with the objective of
encouraging more people to attend. If these prove successful, we shall build on this in future years.

Firstly, as well as a presentation on emerging markets and our portfolio by the Investment Managers, this year we have also
arranged a guest speaker, the highly respected financial journalist, Jeff Prestridge. Until recently, Jeff was the Money Editor-at-
Large at the Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday, a position that he held since 2023. He previously served as Personal Finance Editor,
having first joined the publication in 1994. His published articles have covered a broad range of personal finance topics including
investments and investment strategy, pensions, tax and savings, mortgages, protection insurance and investment trusts. In addition
to his work at the Mail titles, Jeff is a columnist and contributor to This is Money, Interactive Investor and FT Adviser.

Secondly, this year, for the first time, the AGM will be available live via an online streaming service. The Notice of AGM can be
found in the full Annual Report. Shareholders will be able to follow proceedings and also to ask questions online. We will also
make a recording available on our website for those shareholders who are not available at the time of the meeting.
Lastly, in common with many other listed companies, voting at the AGM will be by means of a poll. This will make the formal
part of the meeting much more speedy and efficient than the traditional show of hands for each vote, giving us more time for
presentations from our Portfolio Managers and guest speaker. Whether or not you intend to attend the meeting in person, you are
strongly encouraged to submit your votes on the AGM resolutions in advance of the meeting. Submitting votes by proxy does not
preclude you attending the meeting or changing your vote if you do subsequently decide to attend the AGM. If you have any
questions, please send these by email to temitcosec@franklintempleton.com or via www.temit.co.uk/investor/contact-us in
advance of the meeting. You are also welcome to use these contact details should you have a question at any other time. Any
questions that we receive will be considered and, if appropriate, responses will be provided on our website www.temit.co.uk.

Outlook

The Board and our Investment Managers believe that emerging markets should form a larger part of both market indices and
investors’ portfolios. According to the World Economic Forum, the markets in which TEMIT invest represent around half of the
world's GDP(a) and provide 65% of total economic growth(b).
(a)
      See glossary of terms and alternative performance measures in the full Annual Report.
(b)
      Source: IMF World Economic Outlook, April 2025.

Sir John Templeton wrote “When I first started the Templeton Growth Fund in 1954, I already instinctively knew that
international investing was the way to find the best bargain stocks with the most appreciation potential, and to protect myself from
losses by being diversified”. The rebalancing of economic power from the traditionally developed economies appears, in the long
term, to be inexorable. Against this background an investment in emerging markets may well move from being viewed as a useful
diversifier of risk to a key element of an investor’s portfolio, with the risk being missing a multi-generational opportunity.

Whilst we acknowledge that there will be setbacks and returns will certainly not be linear, the renewed interest in emerging
markets that I mention above could well be an early indicator of the opportunities presented by emerging markets beginning to
bear fruit.

In memoriam

In April 2026 we were deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Dr. Mark Mobius, a pioneer of emerging markets investing and
the founder of TEMIT.

Mark’s vision and leadership were instrumental in shaping the Company from its launch in 1989, helping to establish it as the
UK’s leading emerging markets investment trust. Over many years, his disciplined, on-the-ground approach to investing and
unwavering belief in the long-term potential of developing economies defined the Company's philosophy and success. Widely
regarded as “the father of emerging markets investing”, Mark built not only a remarkable investment legacy, but also a global
perspective that continues to guide the Company today. His commitment to deep research, local insight and long-term value
creation remains embedded in our approach.

Beyond his professional achievements, Mark was deeply respected for his intellectual curiosity, cultural openness and generosity
of spirit. He inspired colleagues, investors and the broader investment community alike.

We were also saddened to hear of the passing of two former Directors of TEMIT. Sir Ronnie Hampel was a former Chairman of
TEMIT, leading the Company following a reconstruction in 2003 to December 2007. He will be more widely remembered as a
leading light in British Industry, having chaired ICI and leading a report which was widely acknowledged as bringing a pragmatic
approach to modernising the function of company boards of directors.

Hamish Buchan will be remembered as a major figure in the investment trust industry. Having started work as an analyst in the
sector in 1969, he dedicated his career not only to developing a deep understanding but also doing much to improve investment
trusts, in particular the information available to investors. It is no surprise that later in his career he was in high demand as a non-
executive director and TEMIT was fortunate to be able to secure his services.

                                                                                                                   Angus Macpherson
                                                                                                                            Chairman
                                                                                                                          2 June 2026

The investment managers

TEMIT’s investment management is delegated to Franklin Templeton Investment Management Limited (‘FTIML’) and
Templeton Asset Management Ltd (‘TAML’) (together, the ‘Investment Managers’). Portfolio Managers from FTIML and TAML
form part of the wider Templeton Global Investments (‘TGI’)(a). TGI have managed the portfolio since TEMIT’s inception and are
pioneers in emerging markets equity investing. They bring more than 18 years of average industry experience along with local
knowledge from over 100 investment professionals, based in 17 countries around the world.
The team has a collaborative investment process where all analysts and portfolio managers work together to contribute to
investment returns. They meet regularly, both formally and informally, to debate and exchange ideas, investment themes and
enrich their understanding of the markets by drawing on local insights to build a global perspective and context to their thinking.
They also benefit from the broader resources available throughout Franklin Templeton.

The Portfolio Managers for TEMIT, Chetan Sehgal (lead) and Andrew Ness, are senior executives in TGI.
(a)
   In 2022, Templeton Global Investments ('TGI') was formed, integrating the trading, investment risk, Asia research and business development functions of
Franklin Templeton Emerging Markets and Templeton Global Equity Group. Effective September 2025, the research teams of both groups were also fully
integrated under TGI.



Portfolio Managers

Chetan Sehgal
CFA

Chetan is the lead Portfolio Manager of TEMIT and is based in Singapore.

As part of his broader responsibilities within TGI, Chetan is also the director of portfolio management. In this capacity, he is
responsible for the overall Global Emerging Markets strategies, providing guidance and thought leadership, co-ordinating
appropriate resources and coverage, and leveraging the group’s expertise to add value across products within the strategies.

Chetan joined Franklin Templeton in 1995 from Credit Rating Information Services of India Ltd, where he was a senior analyst.

Chetan holds a B.E. Mechanical (Hons) from the University of Bombay and a postgraduate diploma in Management from the
Indian Institute of Management in Bangalore, where he specialised in finance and business policy and graduated as an institute
scholar. Chetan speaks English and Hindi and is a Chartered Financial Analyst (‘CFA’) Charterholder.

Andrew Ness
ASIP

Andrew Ness is a Portfolio Manager of TEMIT and is based in Edinburgh. He also serves as Deputy Director of Research for
Templeton Global Investments.

Prior to joining Franklin Templeton in September 2018, Andrew was a Portfolio Manager at Martin Currie. He began his career at
Murray Johnstone in 1994 and worked with Deutsche Asset Management in both London and New York before joining Scottish
Widows Investment Partnership in 2007.

Andrew holds a B.A. (Hons) in Economics and an MSc in Business Economics from the University of Strathclyde in the UK. He
is an Associate Member of the UK Society of Investment Professionals and a member of the CFA Institute.


The investment managers’ report


Review of performance(a)
(a)
      All benchmark performance as per the MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index.

Emerging markets advanced over the 12 months ended 31 March 2026. Most of the financial year was fraught with negativity and
volatility, however emerging markets managed to overcome this. The MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index returned
26.8% in the 12-month period under review, while TEMIT delivered a net asset value total return of 41.3% (all performance
figures are net total return in sterling terms)(b). Full details of TEMIT’s performance can be found in the full Annual Report.
(b)
      See glossary of terms and alternative performance measures in the full Annual Report.

The reporting period started with Liberation Day, when the US imposed tariffs on most of its trading partners. This was a
sweeping 10% baseline tariff, alongside “reciprocal” duties reaching as high as 50% for specific trading partners. Trade
negotiations commenced, with China notably reacting with a “tit-for-tat” strategy, retaliating with matching tariffs. Most nations
managed to lower their levies. In February 2026, the US Supreme Court then ruled that these tariffs were unconstitutional, and as
of end February 2026, a 10% tariff rate was implemented across the board. Unlike the immediate aftermath of Liberation Day,
where governments were scrambling to negotiate the level of tariffs with the United States, US trading partners are now avoiding
clashes over the new tariffs.
Geopolitical tensions remained elevated over the past 12 months. US-China trade frictions were more pronounced in the early part
of the period alongside the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, with the Middle East unrest now emerging as the main flashpoint. On
the last day of February 2026, the United States and Israel launched co-ordinated air strikes inside Iran targeting leadership,
military infrastructure and strategic sites. Iran responded with missile and drone attacks, including on several Gulf countries,
pulling the wider region directly into the conflict.

The closure of the Strait of Hormuz, which serves as a crucial maritime chokepoint, has impacted oil prices and international
trade. This has resulted in higher risk aversion, pushed oil prices higher and raised the broader economic risk premium attached to
Middle Eastern assets. In totality, these conflicts have increased geopolitical risks in recent years and, beyond their direct impact,
have also contributed to volatility in commodity prices.

We remain watchful of these risks and incorporate them carefully into our investment decisions.

Artificial intelligence (‘AI’) continued to thrive in the 12-month period under review. AI is rapidly proliferating across sectors
and is expected to drive strong demand for AI computing for many years to come, which should be structurally positive for the
entire AI server supply chain. Some of the best performing emerging markets for this period were the technology-heavy markets
of South Korea and Taiwan, where market expectations of returns from expenditure on AI had a major part to play.

All EM regions, as measured by the MSCI Emerging Markets Index, advanced. The reasons behind each country’s equity market
performance are detailed below for TEMIT’s largest-weighted country exposures.

China/Hong Kong
Portfolio weighting 23.4%(c)                           Benchmark weighting 25.5%(c)
TEMIT’s largest market exposure, although the portfolio remained underweight relative to the benchmark. Chinese and Hong
Kong equities rose by a net 1.5% in sterling terms over the 12-month period. The first six months started out strong, when
outperformance was mainly driven by the notable easing of trade tensions with the United States, optimism in AI-related stocks
and a drive to relieve production overcapacity in several industries (also known as anti-involution). However, fortunes changed
in the last six months. The Politburo signalled a more restrained approach on 2026 stimulus, and the anti-involution drive lost
momentum. Internet companies also weakened as accelerating AI investments pressured near-term free cash flows amid
uncertain return profiles.

Our approach to Chinese equities continues to be selective. Reviewing the macroeconomic background, we have not yet observed
any meaningful change in demand; and the declining and ageing population remains a key structural challenge. Our largest
exposure to Chinese equities remains in internet platforms, which have strong cash generating core businesses and are available at
attractive valuations. Most of these platforms are now investing in AI to drive additional growth as well as for cost efficiencies,
although this will have an impact on medium term cash flows for these companies. Over the period, we have also increased our
exposure to industrial companies. The global demand for power continues to rise, a trend accelerated by the energy needs of data
centres supporting the AI boom. This has created a surge in demand for related infrastructure including energy storage batteries
and related power equipment. We have added to Chinese industrial companies that are at the forefront of this trend, demonstrating
leadership and experiencing strong growth in both their domestic market and, increasingly, through exports. Similarly, Chinese
Electric Vehicle (‘EV’) manufacturers are leveraging their technological advantages to gain international market share, a trend that
is anticipated to continue throughout 2026.

Taiwan
Portfolio weighting 23.0%(c)                           Benchmark weighting 22.5%(c)
TEMIT’s second-largest market exposure, where the portfolio was overweight versus the benchmark. The Taiwanese equity
market performed well and ended the 12-month period with an impressive gain of 70.4% in sterling terms. The Taiwanese equity
market has a tilt towards the technology sector, and the strong global AI rally lent a helping hand.

The largest holding in TEMIT’s portfolio is Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (‘TSMC’), the global leader in
semiconductor foundry. We have also added to other companies in the AI Supply chain, such as makers of power supply units and
of printed circuit boards.

South Korea
Portfolio weighting 22.0%(c)                          Benchmark weighting 15.5%(c)
TEMIT’s third-largest market exposure, where the portfolio was overweight versus the benchmark. South Korean equities surged
by 117% in sterling terms during the reporting period. This outperformance was led by the two leading semiconductor memory
companies, driven by strong demand and rising memory prices. Leading automotive companies also performed well, bolstered by
receding US tariff headwinds and optimism on their robotics businesses. Geopolitical tensions outside South Korea resulted in
increased military spending globally, and this flowed to the optimism on the country’s defence companies. The industrials sector
was the second-best performing sector for the year.

The appointment of South Korea’s new president kicked off several market reforms, which were conducive to the country’s equity
market performance. These included amendments to the Commercial Act to boost corporate governance and increase stock market
valuation. This added to an earlier government-led initiative that was launched in 2024, the ‘Value-Up’ Programme, which
encourages listed companies to strengthen their shareholder return policies. The programme has been improved and strengthened
since, which expanded corporate governance disclosure among other points.

Our overweight position in South Korea includes companies that are positioned to capture longer-term structural growth drivers in
the form of semiconductors and AI (Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix), the green transition (Samsung SDI and LG Corp), next-
generation mobility and robotics (Hyundai Motor) and the country’s dominant internet search platform integrating e-commerce,
payments and digital content (NAVER).

Brazil
Portfolio weighting 9.5%(c)                             Benchmark weighting 5.1%(c)
TEMIT’s fourth-largest market exposure, Brazil, delivered a robust 53% return over the reporting period driven by the anticipation
of the beginning of an interest rate cut cycle, which commenced in March 2026, and low starting valuations. The country’s leading
oil producer, Petrobras (one of the top ten holdings in TEMIT’s portfolio), also saw a surge in its share price towards the end of
the period along with the increase in oil prices. However, the recent surge in oil prices could dampen the pace of interest rate cuts.

India
Portfolio weighting 8.5%(c)(d)                        Benchmark weighting 12.6%(c)
TEMIT’s fifth-largest market exposure. India’s equity market declined by over 15% during the period as it faced several
headwinds. US policy actions, notably doubled import levies and increased non-immigration visa fees, weighed heavily on the
market. The fee hikes on visas combined with concerns over AI disruption to labour-intensive models pressured software services
equities. Furthermore, the Middle East conflict drove oil prices higher, exacerbating fears of a widened current account deficit,
margin compression and rising headline inflation.

Despite these challenges, India’s underlying macroeconomic fundamentals improved. While energy prices posed external risks,
domestic core inflation remained manageable and economic growth remained among the strongest across major economies. The
market also saw brief, policy-driven rallies, supported by structural reforms such as the government’s overhaul of the GST regime.

As valuations moderated over the past year, we capitalised on attractive entry points to initiate new positions in the portfolio.
While India remains one of TEMIT’s largest absolute country allocations, it is still underweight relative to the benchmark.

(c)
  As at 31 March 2026.
(d)
  TEMIT has indirect exposure to India through its holdings in Genpact and Cognizant Technology Solutions. If indirect exposure was included, TEMIT’s total
exposure to India would be 10.5%.




Other emerging markets
The emerging Europe, Middle East and Africa (‘EMEA’) region navigated a period of elevated geopolitical volatility in the past
year. Escalating tensions in the Middle East disrupted key shipping corridors and drove energy prices higher, weighing heavily on
equities in the Gulf states.

While these disruptions keep broader inflation risks in focus, the portfolio’s limited Middle East exposure and diversified
positioning mitigate idiosyncratic regional risk. We have historically maintained an underweight position to the Middle East given
its inherent sensitivity to volatile oil cycles. That positioning remains in place.

Mexican equities gained from a combination of factors such as a weaker US dollar and rising commodity prices. Its central bank
kept up with monetary easing during the year.

Investment strategy, portfolio changes and performance attribution

The following sections highlight the drivers of TEMIT’s performance over the 12-month period. We continue to emphasise that
our investment process selects companies based on their individual attributes and ability to generate attractive risk-adjusted
returns.
Our investment philosophy is centred on seeking companies with sustainable earnings power trading at a discount to their intrinsic
worth and to other investment opportunities in the market. We see high levels of leverage as a risk, avoiding companies with weak
balance sheets.

As a bottom-up manager, the value-add that the team provides to its clients stems from superior stock selection. We focus on
original, in-depth research of individual companies, drawing rich investment insights from the full breadth and depth of the
investment platform, and we expect the dominant driver of the portfolio to be stock-specific risk. Therefore, all of our active
decisions are made at the individual stock level, with sector and regional weightings a residual of this process.

Our well-resourced on the ground analysts are a key competitive advantage. Their local knowledge and language skills are
instrumental in identifying emerging trends in markets including China, Brazil, and India. This local presence gives us greater
insight into business models, supply chains, and competitive dynamics.

Input from our analysts is an integral part of the investment process. Their conversations with regulators and company
management, views on industry trends and insights on management capabilities are incorporated into our estimates of a company’s
earnings power. They also enable us to separate short-term noise from long-term trends.

In the portfolio, we remain positioned in long-term themes including AI-related supply chains, digitalisation, healthcare and
consumption. We remain focused on seeking and investing in companies which reflect our investment philosophy.


Performance Attribution Analysis %

This table sets out the results of a detailed analysis of the returns produced by the TEMIT portfolio, how this compares with the
theoretical returns available from the benchmark index and factors affecting the comparison with the returns of the benchmark
index.

Year to 31 March
                                                                               2026            2025     2024      2023       2022
Net Asset Value Total Return(a)                                                 41.3             8.8      7.9       0.8     (17.3)
Expenses Incurred                                                                0.9             0.9      1.0       1.0        1.0
Gross Total Return(a)                                                           42.2             9.7      8.9       1.8     (16.3)
Benchmark Total Return(a)                                                       26.8             5.8      5.9     (4.9)      (7.1)
Excess return(a)                                                                15.4             3.9      3.0       6.7      (9.2)
Stock Selection                                                                  9.8             2.7      0.3       7.3     (10.2)
Sector Allocation                                                                4.9             1.6      2.1     (0.4)        0.8
Currency                                                                         0.7           (0.7)      0.3     (0.2)        0.2
Share Buyback Impact                                                             0.8             1.2      0.5       0.2        0.0
Residual Return(a)                                                             (0.8)           (0.9)    (0.2)     (0.2)          –
Total Contribution                                                              15.4             3.9      3.0       6.7      (9.2)
Source: FactSet and Franklin Templeton.
(a)
      A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.



Top 10 Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Security (%) (a)
(a)
      For the period 31 March 2025 to 31 March 2026.

This table sets out the results of a detailed analysis of the returns produced by individual securities in the TEMIT portfolio, and
how this has affected the overall returns produced by the portfolio compared with theoretical returns available from the
benchmark index.

                                                                                                                             Contribution to
                                                                   Contribution to                                          portfolio relative
                                                                  portfolio relative                                                 to MSCI
                                                               to MSCI Emerging                                                    Emerging
                          Top Contributors                          Markets Index          Top Detractors                     Markets Index
Overweight                SK Hynix                                               6.2       ICICI Bank                                    (1.7)
(TEMIT holds              TSMC                                                   1.7       Prosus                                        (1.4)
more than the             Hyundai Motor                                          1.5       Genpact                                       (1.0)
index weight)             Samsung Life Insurance                                 1.2       Cognizant Technology Solutions                (0.8)
                          Samsung Electronics                                    0.9       Budweiser Brewing Company APAC                (0.7)
                          Grupo Financiero Banorte                               0.9       Delivery Hero                                 (0.6)
                          Itaú Unibanco                                          0.6       Bajaj Holdings & Investment                   (0.5)
                                                                                           China Merchants Bank                          (0.5)
                                                                           ReNew Energy Global                                  (0.4)
Underweight     Meituan                                              1.0   Delta Electronics                                    (0.8)
(TEMIT has no Xiaomi                                                 0.9
holding or a    Tencent                                              0.8
holding smaller
than the
index weight)


An overweight allocation to SK Hynix served the portfolio well. SK Hynix is a leading semiconductor memory manufacturer in a
highly consolidated industry. Strong operating performance, rising memory prices and expectations of strong demand growth for
high bandwidth memory (‘HBM’) used in AI chips boosted the stock price. We expect this trend to continue and hence maintain
our conviction in the company.

A long-term holding of the portfolio, TSMC, was also among the top contributors for the period. TSMC is a global leader in
advanced semiconductor logic chips which are used in a wide variety of solutions, including AI servers, smartphones, personal
computers, automotive and industrial equipment. Its share price advanced on strong earnings growth and optimism over the
company’s business outlook driven by growing demand for AI chips. TSMC’s unrivalled leadership in advanced chip
manufacturing makes it a key beneficiary of the growth in demand for AI chips.

Also finishing higher was Hyundai Motor, a South Korea-based automobile company. It manufactures, sells and exports
passenger cars, trucks and commercial vehicles. Risks to its operating environment dwindled due to a reduction in US tariffs on
South Korean automobiles. Its robotics affiliate demonstrated advancements in humanoid robotics, which triggered a sharp surge
in the group's share price. Our investment thesis in Hyundai Motor is backed by its resilient earnings and strong cash generation. It
also offers exposure to the humanoid robotics thematic through its stake in Boston Dynamics.

ICICI Bank is a leading India-based private sector bank. The share price traded sideways for most of the year post a strong 2024,
impacted by sector headwinds of lower loan growth and declining net interest margins. The share price further declined in March
2026 along with the broader Indian equity market due to macroeconomic headwinds driven by higher oil prices. A weaker Indian
rupee also impacted performance during the period.

An off-benchmark holding in Prosus, a leading global investment company and the largest shareholder of Tencent (also held in
the portfolio), was also a notable detractor. Prosus also owns multiple food delivery platforms, classified advertisements, payments
and e-commerce companies. Its share price largely moved in line with Tencent’s and fell over the year. Prosus’ share price
performance was also impacted by capital allocation concerns over some of its recent acquisitions.

Genpact is a US-listed technology services company that derives much of its earnings from services provided from India. The
stock traded lower due to concerns around AI-related disruption. While the near-term outlook appears steady, there is uncertainty
on the longer-term growth trajectory for the industry. Genpact has deep industry expertise and has been leveraging AI to develop
new solutions as well as to lower costs. While valuations are attractive and seem to factor in much of the negativity, we remain
watchful and continue to evaluate the impact of AI on companies in the software sector.


Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Sector (%) (a)
(a)
      For the period 31 March 2025 to 31 March 2026.

This table shows the contribution of the overall portfolio returns of the different sectors within the TEMIT portfolio relative to the
MSCI Emerging Markets Index.

                                                                       Contribution to                               Contribution to
                                                                      portfolio relative                            portfolio relative
                                                                   to MSCI Emerging                              to MSCI Emerging
                                          Top Contributors              Markets Index Top Detractors                  Markets Index
Overweight                                Information Technology                     8.5 Industrials                             (1.3)
(TEMIT holds more than the                Consumer Discretionary                     3.0
index weight)                             Health Care                                1.1
Underweight                               Financials                                 1.7 Materials                               (0.9)
(TEMIT has no holding or                  Communication Services                     1.1 Utilities                               (0.2)
a holding smaller than the                Energy                                     0.5
index weight)                             Real Estate                                0.3
                                          Consumer Staples                           0.3
Stock selection in the information technology, consumer discretionary and financials sectors were key drivers of these sectors’
relative contribution, but an overweight allocation to information technology played a supporting role in boosting TEMIT’s
performance relative to the benchmark index during the 12-month period under review. The overweight exposure to information
technology is largely due to the portfolio’s holdings in semiconductor and AI supply chain companies. As the AI investment
theme accelerated, surging demand for AI-specific chips and infrastructure provided a significant tailwind, driving price
appreciation for these holdings. Hyundai Motor led gains in the consumer discretionary sector, while the financials sector saw
several top contributors: South Korea’s leading life insurance company Samsung Life Insurance, leading Mexican financial
institution Grupo Financiero Banorte and Brazil retail-focused bank Itaú Unibanco.

In contrast, stock selection and allocations in the industrials, materials and utilities sectors dampened TEMIT’s relative
performance. An underweight allocation in materials also ate into returns. The weakness in the industrials sector was mainly due
to the portfolio’s off-benchmark holding in Genpact (described above). A key cause of weakness in the utilities sector was due to
the portfolio’s holding in ReNew Energy Global, a leading Indian green power company. Its share price dropped after a member
of the buyout consortium withdrew its offer, leading to the cancellation of the proposal deal to take the company private and
delist it from US exchanges.


Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Country (%) (a)
(a)
      For the period 31 March 2025 to 31 March 2026.

This table shows the contribution of the overall portfolio returns by country relative to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.

                                                               Contribution to                                    Contribution to
                                                            portfolio relative to                              portfolio relative to
                                                              MSCI Emerging                                      MSCI Emerging
                           Top Contributors                     Markets Index Top Detractors                       Markets Index
Overweight                 South Korea                                        7.7 United States                                (1.8)
(TEMIT holds more than the Taiwan                                             1.2 Thailand                                     (0.5)
index weight)                                                                     Philippines                                  (0.2)
Underweight                China/Hong Kong                                    2.4 South Africa                                 (0.3)
(TEMIT has no holding or a India                                              2.0 United Arab Emirates                         (0.1)
holding smaller than the   Saudi Arabia                                       1.1
index weight)



By market, stock selection and allocations in South Korea (overweight) and China/Hong Kong (underweight) added to a
positive contribution from an underweight allocation to India. Besides SK Hynix and Hyundai Motor, other South Korea-based
contributors included the country’s leading life insurance company Samsung Life Insurance and Samsung Electronics, one of the
largest memory semiconductor manufacturers in the world.

The largest relative detractor was the United States, due to the portfolio’s holdings in Cognizant Technology Solutions and
Genpact. These companies are both US-listed companies that derive much of their earnings from services provided from India.
We discussed Genpact above; Cognizant’s share price decline was due to concerns around AI-related disruption. Other detractors
included Thailand and the Philippines, largely due to stock selection, albeit to a smaller extent than the United States.

Outlook for emerging markets

The outlook for emerging markets equities is balanced between structural tailwinds and persistent geopolitical risks, resulting in a
more selective and differentiated opportunity set rather than a broad-based rally.

Geopolitical risks remain elevated and are increasingly influential in shaping capital flows, commodity prices, and investor
sentiment. Growth dynamics also vary significantly across regions and sectors.

In the past 12 months, we have experienced tensions in Asia (between China and the West), the Middle East, and Europe (Russia
and Ukraine). The portfolio is relatively insulated from the direct effects of turmoil in the Middle East and Europe region due to
our underweight exposure.

Visible supply chain disruptions, concerns over inflation and underlying regional economic growth are some obstacles that pertain
to EM economies. Emerging Asia, in particular, is home to several nations which are heavily reliant on energy imports. Nations
such as Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines are experiencing surging fuel subsidy costs to keep prices stable and India, which
is vulnerable to energy supply shocks, is facing risks of higher inflation. However, these are issues that the rest of the world faces
as well, albeit to different extents.

US-China tensions remain a persistent feature of the external backdrop. We believe that while there may be ups and downs
in the relationship between both countries, disagreements will continue to feature. China, however, has shown that it has been able
to manage the strained relationship well, but we think that the relationship is likely to remain fragile.

On the positive side, structural growth themes are evident, with Artificial Intelligence (‘AI’) being one of the key drivers. While
there have been bouts of volatility in the AI trade, demand for AI continues to expand. This is driven by increased uptake,
improvements in model performance and widening productivity gains.

AI-related investment continues to support the broader information technology sector. We believe that AI will continue to have a
strong investment case across major emerging markets, benefiting companies across the supply chain including semiconductors,
electronics manufacturing services, power supply and printed circuit board companies. This conviction drives our overweight
position in the information technology sector. These companies are primarily in South Korea and Taiwan.

Besides traditional information technology enablers, companies across many sectors are utilising AI to enhance productivity and
competitive positioning. Notably, Chinese online platform companies are transitioning away from legacy digital models,
embedding proprietary AI tools directly into their core e-commerce and entertainment offerings to drive a more optimal user
experience.

The electric power demands of AI are necessitating further investments in grid infrastructure, power generation, and energy
storage. Chinese industrial companies across power transmission equipment, energy storage, and data centre engines are well-
positioned to benefit from this cycle.

Domestically, several countries have implemented policies or are in the midst of reforms. We believe that these could provide us
with an insight for the short and/or medium terms. We list our outlooks for the larger EM countries below.

China
China’s central bank expects to ease its monetary policy in 2026 to support growth and domestic demand. China’s gross domestic
product (‘GDP’) growth target for 2026 is between 4.5% and 5%, and boosting domestic demand remains a top priority. This has
taken the form of renewal of consumer goods trade-in programmes, and policies to support private investment and consumer
spending. However, structural headwinds in China remain. These include a shrinking population and an aging society. In addition,
the anti-involution campaign has lost momentum somewhat. Worries over excessive competition in several sectors, particularly e-
commerce and food delivery, remain.

Brazil
Brazil’s anticipated monetary easing cycle commenced in March, validating a core pillar of our macro recovery thesis. However,
the recent surge in the prices of oil and other commodities could impact the pace of rate cuts. Beyond structurally reducing
corporate borrowing costs and alleviating debt-servicing burdens, declining rates fundamentally diminish the entrenched appeal of
local fixed income investments, catalysing a much-needed domestic capital rotation back into risk assets. This dynamic could
support capital flow back into equities. Valuations remain attractive.

India
In 2025, the Indian government introduced a mix of monetary easing and fiscal/tax measures to support demand, including interest
rate reductions and a major reform in its Goods and Services Tax (‘GST’) regime, which resulted in lower tax rates on consumer
goods. With these moves, India has a suite of pro-growth policies that should yield their full effects in 2026. However, the Indian
economy currently faces headwinds from higher oil prices, which remains a key risk.

The Indian economy is characterised by its large domestic market and limited dependence on trade exports. It has favourable
demographics, rising income levels and evolving consumption patterns, which will drive discretionary spending and demand for
more premium offerings. However, there is also a risk that technological advances in AI could adversely affect job opportunities
in the country. We remain selective as we balance both the risks and opportunities in India.

Conclusion

In many ways, the uncertainties that we reported 12 months ago have remained. These topics continue to dictate broader market
behaviour, resulting in near-term volatility and short-term price dislocations. The macroeconomic environment has been, and
remains, decidedly tricky and intertwined with a multitude of headwinds and risks.

We continue to abide by our investment approach and seek opportunities across equity markets, focusing on companies that, in
our assessment, have long-term earnings power.



Top 10 Holdings
As at 31 March 2026
                                                                                    Portfolio        Benchmark Over/(Under)
Holding                                                                             £’000       %            %    weight %
TSMC                                                                              425,276     16.6         13.3         3.3
The world's largest semiconductor foundry company, which is based in
Taiwan. Optimism regarding the growth potential from AI and a recovery in
the demand for technology products have sent its share price soaring. We
maintain a positive long-term view on TSMC and the semiconductor industry.
AI can continue to experience strong growth, which should benefit
semiconductor companies as they make up a key component of the AI supply
chain. Beyond AI, semiconductors are essential components used in a myriad
of industries.

SK Hynix                                                                          184,060      7.2          2.8         4.4
A South Korean semiconductor company and a maker of memory chips used
globally across a wide range of solutions. The company remains in a
competitive position in high bandwidth memory (‘HBM’) chips, which are
expected to continue to enjoy strong demand. We maintain our conviction,
due to memory market tightness and SK Hynix’s leadership position in the
latest generation of the HBM market. The AI-driven memory cycle has led to
a situation of dynamic random access memory (‘DRAM’) and HBM demand
outpacing supply. This underpins strong pricing power and margin expansion.
SK Hynix’s execution and technology leadership has positioned the company
to capture growth via adjusting its product mix and capital expenditure.
Together, these reinforce long-term capacity and competitiveness.

Samsung Electronics                                                               166,512      6.5          5.7         0.8
One of the largest memory semiconductor manufacturers in the world, based
in South Korea. It also manufactures a wide range of consumer and industrial
electronics and equipment. It is one of the key manufacturers in the highly
consolidated memory semiconductor industry and is benefitting from strong
growth in demand for HBM chips for AI accelerators. It also appears to be
increasing its share in the newer generation of memory chips for AI
applications. At the same time, its foundry business has seen improving order
flows, reflecting rising customer engagement.

Prosus                                                                             83,012      3.2            -         3.2
A leading global investment company and the largest shareholder of Tencent,
a Chinese technology company. We see Prosus as a good proxy for Tencent
exposure and it is available at a discount to its NAV. Besides Tencent, Prosus
also owns multiple food delivery platforms, classified advertisements,
payments and e-commerce companies. Management's efforts to narrow the
share price discount to NAV via share buybacks should also support returns.

ICICI Bank                                                                         67,284      2.6          0.7         1.9
A leading India-based private sector bank. Its share price had seen sustained
appreciation over a longer-term horizon but dropped in the last 12 months
alongside the Indian equity market. Despite recent fluctuations, the stock has
delivered significant gains over a five-year period. We believe that its strong
franchise positioning leaves it well-placed to capture India's structural
economic expansion.

Grupo Financiero Banorte                                                           65,173      2.5          0.3         2.2
Grupo Financiero Banorte is a leading financial institution in Mexico. Given
the large percentage of unbanked population and rising digital payment
penetration, we remain optimistic on the growth prospects of Mexico’s
banking sector. The bank generates positive economic value via a structurally
high return on equity driven by its scale in Mexican retail and government
banking, low-cost core deposits, disciplined pricing, and strong fee
generation. Shareholder returns are also compelling with a high dividend
yield.

MediaTek                                                                           61,418      2.4          0.7         1.7
MediaTek is a Taiwan-based chip designer for smartphones, computer
peripherals, application-specific integrated circuits (‘ICs’) and multimedia
ICs. MediaTek has a solid position in mobile computing chips and we believe
that it should benefit from growth in demand for chips from IoT (‘Internet of
Things’), automotive, industrial, and wi-fi applications. The company is also
expanding its operations into a diversified compute-chip provider, with
additional growth potential from its emerging AI chip business via its
partnership with Google (not a portfolio holding) and other potential
customers.

Itaú Unibanco                                                                      57,790     2.3           0.4            1.9
Itaú Unibanco is a Brazilian retail-focused bank providing a broad range of
services such as cards, loans and insurance. In our view, the bank has a high-
quality franchise and strong management team. The low penetration of
financial products in Brazil provides an opportunity for the bank to increase
its market share via its strong distribution network. In a competitive market,
Itaú Unibanco has advantages thanks to its scale and is investing aggressively
in technology to stay ahead of the competition.

Petrobras                                                                          55,550     2.2           0.8            1.4

Petrobras is a Brazilian energy company engaged in the exploration,
production, and distribution of oil and gas. The company is recognised
worldwide for its oil exploration technology in ultra-deep waters. Our
conviction hinges on the company's efficient asset base, characterised by a
long reserve life and industry-leading production costs. These operational
advantages result in strong free cash flow and a high dividend yield.

Tencent                                                                            55,525     2.2           3.9          (1.7)
The largest gaming, communication and social entertainment platform in
China. It has a major presence in online games, digital advertising, video,
music and live-streaming, fintech, and other businesses such as cloud
computing. We believe that the company should be one of the key
beneficiaries of AI across its business segments in China. Tencent has built its
own ecosystem, leveraging its user traffic, customer relationships, content and
capital strength. AI is expected to enhance Tencent’s existing core businesses
of online games, advertisements and fintech. The company’s AI strategy
seems pragmatic, with a clear path to monetisation.


Portfolio Changes by Country
                                                                                         Total Return in Sterling
                                                                                                            MSCI
                                                                                                        Emerging
                        31 March 2025                            Market 31 March 2026                     Markets
Country                Market Value £m Purchase £m Sales £m Movement £m Market Value £m TEMIT %           Index %
China/Hong Kong                     549         154    (115)          13             601         6.5            1.5
Taiwan                              335          52     (50)         253             590        78.3           70.4
South Korea                         332          51    (211)         391             563       136.4         117.3
Brazil                              172          20     (18)          68             242        49.9           53.1
India                               293          83    (107)        (51)             218      (21.5)         (15.3)
South Africa                         46          17        -          17              80        37.8           48.1
Mexico                               43           5      (8)          25              65        72.6           53.8
United States                        72           -      (3)        (17)              52      (23.8)              -
Thailand                             64           2     (37)           4              33        13.5           39.8
Chile                                20           -        -           9              29        49.0           39.4
Others                               77          35     (32)           9              89           -              -
Total Investments                 2,003         419    (581)         721           2,562

Portfolio by Fair Value

Holding                                                 Sector                              Fair Value £’000(a) % of Portfolio
Brazil
Itaú Unibanco(b)(c)                             Financials                57,790    2.3
Petrobras(b)                                    Energy                    55,550    2.2
Vale                                            Materials                 47,735    1.9
Banco Bradesco(b)(c)                            Financials                43,447    1.7
TOTVS                                           Information Technology    14,958    0.6
Hypera                                          Health Care               12,759    0.5
XP                                              Financials                 9,651    0.3
                                                                         241,890    9.5
Chile
Banco Santander Chile(c)                        Financials                29,061    1.1
                                                                          29,061    1.1
China/Hong Kong
Prosus(d)                                       Consumer Discretionary    83,012    3.2
Tencent                                         Communication Services    55,525    2.2
Alibaba                                         Consumer Discretionary    54,846    2.1
China Merchants Bank                            Financials                51,583    2.0
BYD                                             Consumer Discretionary    51,382    2.0
Techtronic Industries(e) (Shares and Options)   Industrials               43,419    1.7
WuXi Biologics                                  Health Care               42,241    1.6
NARI Technology                                 Industrials               31,006    1.2
Ping An Insurance                               Financials                28,085    1.1
Baidu                                           Communication Services    25,254    1.0
Budweiser Brewing Company APAC                  Consumer Staples          21,843    0.9
NetEase                                         Communication Services    21,350    0.8
Trip.com                                        Consumer Discretionary    17,224    0.7
Weichai Power                                   Industrials               15,787    0.6
Haier Smart Home                                Consumer Discretionary    13,029    0.5
Uni-President China                             Consumer Staples          12,307    0.5
Kuaishou Technology                             Communication Services     9,875    0.4
COSCO SHIPPING Ports                            Industrials                7,034    0.3
JD.com                                          Consumer Discretionary     5,894    0.2
Daqo New Energy(c)                              Information Technology     4,857    0.2
Greentown Service Group                         Real Estate                3,269    0.1
Weifu High-Technology                           Consumer Discretionary     2,018    0.1
                                                                         600,840   23.4
Hungary
Gedeon Richter                                  Health Care               26,269    1.0
Wizz Air Holdings                               Industrials                1,171    0.1
                                                                          27,440    1.1
India
ICICI Bank                                      Financials                67,284    2.6
HDFC Bank                                       Financials                37,325    1.5
Eternal(f)                                      Consumer Discretionary    16,301    0.6
Bajaj Holdings & Investment                     Financials                14,862    0.6
Infosys                                         Information Technology    12,413    0.5
ReNew Energy Global                             Utilities                 11,931    0.5
Pine Labs                                       Financials                 8,737    0.3
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories                        Health Care                8,670    0.3
Niva Bupa Health Insurance                      Financials                 7,002    0.3
MakeMyTrip                                      Consumer Discretionary     6,934    0.3
Ather Energy                                    Consumer Discretionary     6,234    0.2
ACC                                             Materials                  6,036    0.2
Federal Bank                                    Financials                 5,869    0.2
Brigade Enterprises                             Real Estate                5,469    0.2
Asahi India Glass                               Consumer Discretionary     1,864    0.1
Hemisphere Properties                           Real Estate                1,234    0.1
HDB Financial Services                          Financials                   246    0.0
                                                                         218,411    8.5
Indonesia
Astra International                             Industrials               10,501    0.4
                                                                          10,501    0.4
Mexico
Grupo Financiero Banorte            Financials                 65,173      2.5
                                                               65,173      2.5
Peru
Intercorp Financial Services        Financials                 11,779      0.5
                                                               11,779      0.5
Philippines
BDO Unibank                         Financials                 10,736      0.4
                                                               10,736      0.4
Russia
LUKOIL(g)                           Energy                         0.0     0.0
Sberbank of Russia(g)               Financials                     0.0     0.0
                                                                   0.0     0.0
South Africa
Discovery                           Financials                 40,846      1.6
Netcare                             Health Care                20,714      0.8
Harmony Gold Mining                 Materials                  18,130      0.7
                                                               79,690      3.1
South Korea
SK Hynix                            Information Technology    184,060      7.2
Samsung Electronics                 Information Technology    166,512      6.5
Hyundai Motor                       Consumer Discretionary     50,597      2.0
LG Corp                             Industrials                39,432      1.5
NAVER                               Communication Services     26,486      1.0
Doosan Bobcat                       Industrials                21,151      0.9
Samsung Life Insurance              Financials                 19,054      0.8
Delivery Hero                       Consumer Discretionary     14,092      0.6
KakaoBank                           Financials                 10,636      0.4
Misto(h)                            Consumer Discretionary      9,994      0.4
Hanmi Pharm                         Health Care                 8,715      0.3
Samsung SDI                         Information Technology      8,557      0.3
Hankook Tire                        Consumer Discretionary      2,879      0.1
KT Skylife                          Communication Services      1,014      0.0
                                                              563,179     22.0
Taiwan
TSMC                                Information Technology    425,276     16.6
MediaTek                            Information Technology     61,418      2.4
Hon Hai Precision Industry          Information Technology     46,106      1.8
Lite-On Technology                  Information Technology     31,994      1.2
Zhen Ding Technology                Information Technology     25,219      1.0
                                                              590,013     23.0
Thailand
Minor International                 Consumer Discretionary     11,849      0.5
Kiatnakin Phatra Bank               Financials                  9,999      0.4
Thai Beverage                       Consumer Staples            5,630      0.2
Star Petroleum Refining             Energy                      5,291      0.2
                                                               32,769      1.3
Turkey
BIM Birlesik Magazalar              Consumer Staples            8,442      0.3
                                                                8,442      0.3
United Arab Emirates
Emaar Development                   Real Estate                10,092      0.4
Emirates Central Cooling Systems    Utilities                   6,862      0.3
Spinneys                            Consumer Staples            3,914      0.2
                                                               20,868      0.9
United States
Genpact(i)                          Industrials                 26,805     1.0
Cognizant Technology Solutions(i)   Information Technology      24,766     1.0
                                                                51,571     2.0
Total Investments at Fair Value                              2,562,363   100.0
(a)
      Total portfolio fair value comprises equity investments of £2,562,364,000 less derivative liabilities of £1,000 per the Statement of Financial Position in the full
      Annual Report.
(b)
      Preferred shareholders are entitled to dividends before ordinary shareholders.
(c)
      US listed American Depository Receipt.
(d)
      Prosus is an investment group whose net asset value is predominantly driven by its holding in Tencent.
(e)
       The gross asset exposure of Techtronic Industries is £43,471,000, respectively, comprising market exposure to equity investments of £43,420,000, plus
      market exposure to derivative instruments of £51,000.
(f)
       Zomato was renamed Eternal.
(g)
      This company is fair valued at zero as a result of its trading being suspended on international stock exchanges. As at 31 March 2026, the Company held
      888,726 shares in LUKOIL and 10,954,600 shares in Sberbank of Russia.
(h)
      Fila was renamed Misto.
(i)
      This company, listed on a stock exchange in a developed market, has significant exposure to operations from emerging markets.


                                                                            Less than                    £1.5bn to                    £5bn to           Greater than
Market Capitalisation Breakdown %                                             £1.5bn                         £5bn                      £25bn                  £25bn
31 March 2026                                                                      3.4                         7.7                       26.2                    62.7
31 March 2025                                                                      3.6                         9.2                       27.7                    59.5

Benchmark Market Capitalisation                                             Less than                    £1.5bn to                    £5bn to           Greater than
Breakdown %(a)                                                                £1.5bn                         £5bn                      £25bn                  £25bn
31 March 2026                                                                      0.0                         5.6                       35.9                    58.5
31 March 2025                                                                      0.0                         9.3                       37.6                    53.1
Source: FactSet Research System, Inc.
(a)The MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index.


                                                                                                                                                  Chetan Sehgal
                                                                                                                                           Lead Portfolio Manager
                                                                                                                                                      2 June 2026

The investment managers’ process

Investment philosophy and approach

TGI’s long-term approach is driven by the 3 S’s, seeking Structural growth opportunities in emerging markets, investing in
businesses with Sustainable earnings power at a discount to intrinsic worth, and believing in responsible Stewardship of clients’
capital. TGI seeks to capture the growth potential of emerging market companies and believes that this is best achieved by
employing a bottom-up and fundamental security selection process. TGI conducts in-depth proprietary company research with a
long-term and independent perspective. TGI believes in the responsible stewardship of clients’ capital and that governance and
sustainability issues create risks and opportunities for companies. ESG analysis is therefore integrated as a key element of
fundamental bottom-up analysis.

TEMIT’s performance in different market environments

TGI’s approach aims for outperformance over the long term. The investment strategy tends to produce stronger performance when
company fundamentals are the primary driver for stock returns, where a focus on stock selection should produce superior results.
Performance may be less strong in highly sentiment-driven market environments, when investors focus more on the overall
economic picture rather than company fundamentals.

This can also be the case when the market is overly short-term oriented, and rewards companies driven by what TGI views as
unsustainable factors such as short-term demand/supply imbalances or inorganic growth.

Investment process

The three broad stages of TGI’s investment process comprise: idea generation, stock research, and portfolio construction and
management; with governance and sustainability considerations and risk management fully integrated at all stages.

1      Idea generation

The key source of idea generation is TGI’s team of over 100 analysts and portfolio managers located around the globe. Their
experience and expertise allow them to identify trends which they may want to explore further through company research. In
addition, TGI’s local presence, network and understanding of local dynamics may help to identify trends and opportunities that
other market participants may filter out through standard quantitative screens. TGI analysts speak the local language and are part
of the local culture and fabric of the countries where they conduct research.
2   Stock research

TGI analysts conduct rigorous analysis to assess whether a company has sustainable earnings power, and to establish a proprietary
estimate of its intrinsic worth. By integrating ESG analysis with traditional business and financial analysis, TGI seeks to gain
insights into the quality and risks of companies. TGI’s research platform currently has coverage of over 1,200 companies of which
over 700 are in emerging markets countries using a proprietary and rigorous bottom-up research approach, along with extensive
knowledge of the wider investment universe.

TGI’s research analysts form detailed views of companies by collecting and analysing a variety of information. The team conducts
detailed quantitative financial analysis by building in-depth company models to evaluate financial strength and profitability, and
to project future earnings and cash flow. Industry demand and supply models are incorporated in the analysis, as well as country
and currency macro considerations. TGI has a strong emphasis on qualitative assessment.

The assessment of a company’s ability to sustain stable or growing economic profits over time is typically driven by a
combination of factors, including (i) sound business models; (ii) sustainable competitive advantages; (iii) management foresight;
and (iv) low debt levels. Earnings power is the demonstrable ability to generate sustainable economic profit into the future in areas
which could be beyond the current scope of operations. The analysts look for real earnings growth by focusing on economic
earnings and cash flows rather than reported earnings and differentiating between operational earnings and financial earnings.
They evaluate internal versus external drivers to earnings and prefer companies with earnings which can be affected through
management action.

A key element of earnings power is therefore quality, as signified by (i) products and services with low regulatory and macro risk;
(ii) financial strength; and (iii) management strength.

Each research recommendation may incorporate several valuation methods extending typically over a three to five-year horizon.
TGI aims to clarify the risk/reward balance of a company by conducting sensitivity analysis, stress-testing, and scenario analysis.
It seeks to identify what the market consensus expectations are for a stock and how the team’s fundamental views may differ.

3   Portfolio construction

TGI seeks to build a high-conviction stock-centric portfolio that is primarily driven by company-specific factors and focused on
the long term. A bottom-up approach to stock selection is used, with country and sector allocations a residual of this process.

Portfolio style and characteristics
The strategy typically displays the following characteristics:

Core style
The strategy aims to deliver outperformance irrespective of market direction. The portfolio construction process leads to the
majority of active risk being focused on stock selection, not style or currency factors.

Quality and growth but not at excessive valuation levels
The philosophy typically leads to a portfolio with higher quality and growth than the aggregate of the benchmark index.

High conviction portfolio
The top 10 holdings typically account for over 45% of the portfolio which overall is well-diversified across the market cap
spectrum.

Low turnover
TGI’s high conviction and long-term approach means that the typical annual portfolio turnover is less than 20%.

Buy and sell discipline
TGI’s buy discipline is primarily designed to ensure that the portfolio managers buy when they have both conviction in a business
and it is trading below its intrinsic value; TGI’s sell discipline is designed to capture the opposite. All holdings are regularly
reviewed to ensure that analyst recommendations are up to date and accurately reflect any changes in company fundamentals. In
this way, ongoing fundamental research drives all buy and sell decisions.

Investment risk management

Investment in emerging markets equities involves exposure to a volatile asset class and therefore entails a higher degree of risk.
Franklin Templeton applies a comprehensive and integrated approach to risk management across its portfolios, which is
embedded throughout all stages of the investment process.

Investment risks are intentionally taken and clearly identified rather than indiscriminately minimised. Risk management is
implemented in close collaboration with dedicated resources from Franklin Templeton’s Investment Risk Management Group,
which operates independently from the portfolio management team. A range of risk management tools is employed to anticipate,
measure and decompose the portfolio’s active risk, supporting a clear understanding and ongoing management of the portfolio’s
active risk profile.

For additional information with respect to the AIFM risk management framework, please read the Investor Disclosure Document
on our website (www.temit.co.uk).

Stewardship

Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust (‘TEMIT’) seeks to capture the growth potential of emerging markets companies
by employing a bottom-up security selection process with a long-term perspective. We aim to be a responsible steward of our
clients’ capital—that is why we integrate Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) factors into our investment research
process to understand the financial risks and opportunities that stem from governance and sustainability issues.

Whilst governance and sustainability issues are analysed in our research, the findings are not binding on the stock selection
process. TEMIT does not pursue any particular sustainable targets (e.g., carbon reduction) or objectives.

Being responsible stewards of our clients’ capital is reflected in:

How we act as investors

• ESG research integration
• Company engagement and proxy voting
• Policy advocacy

How we treat our clients

• Putting clients first
• Being responsible fiduciaries of our clients’ capital

How we behave as a business

• Building relationships
• Working with integrity

Integrating ESG factors
As part of TEMIT’s stock research process, ESG factors are researched alongside other important factors, such as company
earnings power, competitive positioning and management quality. These factors are likely to impact materially on the operating
performance or financial conditions of a company. This deepens our understanding of the companies we research; it also guides us
in our engagement activities over a range of issues, better informing our research insights as we strive to protect shareholder
value.

Our proprietary three-pillar ESG research framework is an assessment tool that has further enhanced our ability to identify
financial risk and opportunities.

Operations
Assessing companies’ commitment to managing material ESG risks and their long-term growth prospects and considering ESG
factors in our valuation models.

Alignment
Assessing the alignment of companies’ products and services to positive social and environmental outcomes.

Engagement
Identifying companies’ potential for change and monitoring their incremental progress, using our on-the-ground capabilities and
experience as active owners to foster positive change.

Please find below a case study of a company’s commitment to manage the ESG footprint of its operating model from the full
TEMIT Stewardship Report 2026 to give shareholders a snapshot of the typical operations analysis undertaken. Case studies of
alignment and engagement can also be found in the full TEMIT Stewardship Report 2026 at www.temit.co.uk.

The case study in this section aims to showcase our ESG research, focusing on a company that is a larger weight in the portfolio.
  Operations case study: Environmental                                 SK Hynix
  South Korean semiconductor company SK Hynix is among the global leaders in memory chip production.

      Materiality and risk:
  Natural resources and carbon footprints are financially material to semiconductor manufacturing. Advanced chip
  manufacturing requires significant volumes of electricity and ultra-pure water, increasing exposure to power price volatility,
  carbon regulation and water stress. As climate policy tightens and customers demand lower-carbon supply chains, companies
  face rising transition risks. These may include higher operating costs, additional capital expenditure and production
  disruptions.

      ESG thesis:
  SK Hynix has a strong focus on climate transition and energy management, recognising carbon and electricity intensity as
  critical risk factors. It has implemented several initiatives to reduce operational emissions and improve energy efficiency (a)
       • SK Hynix has committed to achieving Net Zero by 2050 and maintaining Scope 1 and 2 emissions at the 2020 levels
         through to 2030, despite expected production growth driven by AI demand.
       • The company is actively reducing high-GWP (Global Warming Potential) process gas usage through optimisation and
         alternative gas adoption. Abatement systems are also being improved, with scrubber enhancements pushing treatment
         efficiency up to 99%.
       • Energy efficiency initiatives delivered 350 gigawatt-hour (GWh) of savings in 2024, exceeding internal targets. This
         was enabled by ISO 50001-certified energy management systems and AI-enabled optimisation.
  SK Hynix has developed a robust strategy to manage climate transition risks, embedding oversight at the board and
  executive level while linking operational decarbonisation, renewable procurement and product energy efficiency
  improvements to long-term competitiveness.


  Business Thesis:
  SK Hynix is among the top two global DRAM memory leaders by sales volume. It commands strong competitiveness and
  technological leadership in High Bandwidth Memory (HBM), a critical component for AI data centers. While the memory
  industry remains structurally volatile given its history of supply-demand mismatches, consolidation across the DRAM and
  NAND markets is gradually improving industry structure. At the same time, DRAM is evolving towards customisation for
  specific customer requirements, alongside the rapid growth of HBM driven by AI applications. These trends are reinforcing
  each other and should support a more stable earnings outlook for the memory market.
(a)
   Source: SK Hynix Sustainability Report 2025

TEMIT’s research process includes a structured analysis of governance and sustainability issues. Whilst governance and
sustainability issues are analysed in our research, the findings are not binding on the stock selection process. TEMIT does not
pursue any sustainable targets (e.g., carbon reduction) or objectives.

Climate Change
Emerging market (EM) governments will need to adopt growth-enhancing fiscal and structural reforms that promote low-emission
resilient investments, backed by productive and cost-effective climate policies, to achieve climate-compatible development.
Against this backdrop, our objective to understand the climate commitments of our investee companies for company research
incorporates both local and global perspectives, recognising that the pace of decarbonisation and the associated strategies will
differ globally.

Our investment process incorporates top-down policy and industry studies, bottom-up company research and comprehensive ESG
analysis including climate considerations, all of which help to deepen our research insights. Factoring material environmental
issues into our company forecasts can lead to adjustments in growth projections, margin expectations or discount rates. In
addition, as active stewards of our clients’ capital, engagement is a key tool that enables us to understand and facilitate a
company’s sustainability journey, where financially material, which is supported by a local footprint and access to management.

We do not rule out investing in companies in carbon intensive sectors, such as cement, steel, industrials and extractive industries.
As a material sustainability issue, carbon emissions management can impact a company’s business model in various ways,
including carbon taxes, technology upgrades and compliance costs.

Climate Risk
The following case study discusses climate-related risks through our research of a large absolute carbon emitter.


  Climate risk case study                                          Petrobras
      Petrobras is a government-controlled oil and gas company in Brazil.
      Materiality and risk:
      Climate risks are highly material for oil and gas companies. Given the sector’s carbon-intensive nature and long-lived assets,
      climate-related developments, such as changes to climate policies, carbon pricing and technologies, have the potential to
      materially impact the financial performance, capital allocations, and asset viability of oil and gas companies over the medium
      to long term.

      ESG thesis:
      Petrobras has implemented several initiatives to address its climate impact risks (a)
       • Petrobras targets net zero operational emissions by 2050, net zero growth in operational emissions by 2030, and near net
         zero methane emissions by 2030. It links emissions performance to the variable compensation of all employees, including
         senior management. Additionally, it seeks to influence partners to adopt a 2050 net zero ambition for non-operating assets.
       • Petrobras positions carbon capture and reinjection as a core strategic lever, targeting continued growth in offshore CO₂
         reinjection capacity.
       • US$16.3bn (15% of capital expenditure) was allocated to decarbonisation, exploring hydrogen, biofuels, renewables and
         CCUS (carbon capture, utilisation and storage) technologies. Low-carbon R&D is expected to hit 30% of total R&D by
         2029.
      • The company is meanwhile expanding into carbon-neutral gasoline and renewable diesel, while developing sustainable
        aviation fuel and bioenergy value chains.
      Petrobras has demonstrated a strengthening commitment to addressing emissions across its value chain, notably through
      diversification into alternative fuels and the establishment of near- and long-term operational targets. This signals a
      recognition of transition risk and the need to align strategy with decarbonisation pathways. However, given that use-phase
      emissions (Scope 3 Category 11) constitute most of its overall footprint, a more explicit ambition for value chain emissions
      would enhance credibility. Setting quantified medium- to long-term targets linked to the company’s outlook on affordability,
      availability and demand for alternative fuels would provide greater transparency on how its portfolio evolution is expected to
      translate into real-world emissions reductions.

      Business thesis:
      Petrobras holds a portfolio of high-quality, long-life oil reserves supported by structurally-low lifting costs. This underpins
      strong cash generation resilience. The company benefits from leading deep and ultra-deepwater expertise, which sustains
      competitive production economics, alongside a sizeable and efficient refining system. It maintains a solid proven reserve base
      and has emerged from a multi-year turnaround and deleveraging phase with a strengthened balance sheet, positioning it to
      support disciplined capital allocation and attractive shareholder returns. The investment case assumes moderate long-term oil
      prices and modest production growth, supported by continued capital discipline. Compared to its oil and gas sector peers,
      Petrobras has strong disclosure of its environmental risks, which has been reflected in the discount rate applied to its
      discounted cash flow.
(a)
      Source: Petrobras Sustainability Report 2024

Effective engagement

We define effective engagement as a targeted dialogue with a company or regulator that seeks changes or improved outcomes
related to financially material ESG topics as well as their disclosures. Each ESG engagement must have a specific and clearly-
defined objective to measure progress against. This interaction entails a sustained, medium- to long-term dialogue, typically
conducted through management meetings or written communications.

We may also reach out to gather ESG-related information, as part of our efforts to monitor investee companies’ strategy and
practices. Collectively, our engagement activities provide a strong foundation for TGI to build relationships with companies as co-
owners, which will in turn inform our investment processes and drive long-term value creation for our clients.

      ESG Discussion                             ESG Engagement
      Clarifying View                            Seeking Change or Improved Disclosure
      This is a targeted interaction to          This is a targeted interaction to influence change related to financially material ESG topics
      gather material ESG                        and risks, including improved ESG disclosures. Each ESG engagement must have a specific
      information through a company              and clearly defined objective to measure progress against. This interaction entails a
      call, meeting or a one-time                sustained, medium-to long-term dialogue.
      short-term discussion.
Our engagements are often with decision makers who can affect positive changes at the board or senior management level;
subject-matter experts may also be involved. We adopt a non-adversarial engagement approach, aiming for mutually beneficial
outcomes if possible.

Engagement statistics

We focus our time and efforts on material issues that affect the sustainability of earnings, and a company’s operating model,
including strategy. Our analysts are in continual dialogue with companies on a range of topics, including operational performance,
competition landscape, business outlook and company financials, to name a few. There are also companies which we identify
where we believe that dedicated discussions and engagements on ESG topics can impact long-term performance. Please see below
a report on the nature and outcome of these meetings, where relevant. Given our long-term outlook, we build strong relationships
with our investee companies as co-owners on our clients’ behalf.

For the 12 months ended 31 March 2026, of the 353 company engagements (including repeated meetings with certain companies),
there were 27 tagged ESG interactions (14 ESG discussions and 13 ESG engagements) where detailed interactions were
conducted with an investee company.

Below is an ESG engagement example with an investee company in South Korea.

 Company:                           Objectives:
 Samsung SDI (Korea)                We have been engaging Samsung SDI on the potential disposal of its non-core holding,
 Global leader in advanced          Samsung Display. While the disposal may be challenging to achieve without affecting the
 battery and materials solutions    group structure, the stake is valued at approximately KRW5 trillion and may provide capital
                                    to support the company’s expansion in the electric vehicle battery market, which may be
                                    accretive to shareholder returns.

 ESG engagement topic:              Outcome: Dialogue taking place between TGI and entity
 Corporate governance –             In March 2025, we wrote a letter to Samsung SDI, expressing our concerns regarding the
 Shareholder protection and         dilutive impacts of new share issuance and encouraging the company to monetise its stake in
 rights                             Samsung Display. The company acknowledged that they were considering a stake sale. In
                                    October 2025, when we enquired about its plans for asset disposal, the company responded
                                    that there was no definitive timeline for the potential disposal, contrary to what was said in
                                    its 1Q25 earnings announcement. There was no progress following this exchange until the
                                    beginning of 2026, when the company shared that the disposal of its Samsung Display stake
                                    would remain a key priority. We will continue to engage the company on its progress here.


Below is an ESG discussion example with an investee company in India.

 Company:                           Materiality
 Eternal (India)                    Fleet electrification is financially material to Eternal, which is dependent on a large delivery
 Indian online food delivery and    network, with fuel costs and regulatory exposure related to recent labour law reforms
 quick-commerce company             directly affecting its margins. Additionally, slow progress towards EV adoption may impact
                                    its emissions profile and the credibility of its climate commitments.

 ESG discussion topic:              Discussion
 Environmental – Transition         We sought an update from Eternal on its progress towards its stated target of transitioning to
 risk                               a 100% EV delivery fleet by 2030. Management indicated that EVs currently account for
                                    approximately 15% of its fleet, citing constraints including limited charging infrastructure,
                                    high upfront vehicle costs, and financing barriers that are slowing commercial adoption of
                                    electric two-wheelers. The current pace of adoption suggests execution risks relative to the
                                    2030 target. We will continue to engage with Eternal to assess the credibility of its transition
                                    pathway, including interim milestones, capital allocation, and measures to address structural
                                    barriers to scaling up.


Proxy voting

In the year ended 31 March 2026, we voted on over 1,100 management proposals at annual and special general meetings for
TEMIT. Most of the proposals which we voted on were related to companies’ director appointments, routine business proposals
and capital structure-related proposals.
Of the votable management proposals, we voted “For” proposals 86% of the time and “Against” in another 13%. By proposal
category, as a percentage of votes within each category and where we had a total of more than 20 votes, our votes against were
largely concentrated on capital structure, management compensation, company articles and director-related matters. To ensure
best practices, we referred to recommendations by third-party proxy voting services, such as ISS, where appropriate. However, we
believe that we are also positioned to make our own assessments and judgements, in instances where we are better informed by
our own research and interaction with management. We view votes against proposals as a formal way to communicate our views
to management, and we do this based on our investment team’s assessment of each motion, in line with our clients’ best interests.

The number of resolutions proposed by shareholders (as distinct from a company’s governing board) is increasing around the
world, particularly on environmental and social issues, although they remain relatively uncommon in emerging markets. We
encountered several governance-related shareholder proposals over the year. For TEMIT’s portfolio, we voted “For” on 37
governance related shareholder proposals, representing 65% of all votable shareholder proposals. These were across several
categories, such as director elections and company articles. We will continue to closely examine the merits of views raised by
fellow shareholders and vote accordingly.

We encourage you to download the full TEMIT Stewardship Report 2026 from www.temit.co.uk for further, detailed information.


Business review

Strategy and business model

Company purpose and objective
TEMIT’s purpose is to provide both private and institutional investors with the opportunity for capital appreciation via a
professionally managed vehicle focused on listed equity investments in emerging markets.

The objective of TEMIT is to provide long-term capital appreciation via exposure to global emerging markets, supported by a
culture of both strong customer service and corporate governance.

Investment policy
The Company seeks long-term capital appreciation through investment in companies in emerging markets or companies which
earn a significant amount of their revenues in emerging markets but are domiciled in, or listed on, stock exchanges in developed
countries (‘Emerging Markets Companies’).

It is expected that the majority of investments will be in listed equities. However, up to 10% of the Company’s assets may be
invested in unlisted securities. In addition, while it is intended that the Company will normally invest in equity instruments, the
Investment Managers may invest in equity-related investments (such as convertibles or derivatives which are financial contracts
whose value is linked to the price of shares and include equity options and equity contracts for difference) where they believe that
it is advantageous to do so including for gearing purposes.

The portfolio may frequently be overweight or underweight in certain investments compared with the MSCI Emerging Markets
(Net Dividends) Index (the ‘Benchmark’) and may be concentrated in a more limited number of sectors or geographical areas than
the Benchmark. Investments may be made in Emerging Markets Companies outside the Benchmark that meet the investment
criteria.

Whilst there are no specific restrictions on investment in any one sector or geographic area, the portfolio will be managed in a way
which aims to spread investment risk. The portfolio will typically contain between 50 and 100 individual stocks but may, at times,
contain fewer or more than this range. No more than 12% of the Company’s assets will be invested in the securities of any one
issuer at the time of investment, save that any investment in unlisted securities of any one issuer will be limited to no more than
2% of the Company’s assets, measured at the time of investment.

The maximum borrowing (including any gearing generated through investing in derivatives) will be limited to 20% of the
Company’s net assets, measured at the time of borrowing.

No more than 10%, in aggregate, of the value of the Company’s assets will be invested in other listed closed-ended investment
funds.

In accordance with the UK Listing Rules, the Company will not make any material change to its published investment policy
without the prior approval of the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (‘FCA’) and the approval of its shareholders by ordinary
resolution. Any material change would be announced by the Company through a Regulatory Information Service.

Distribution policy
The Company will ensure that its total annual dividends will be paid out of the profits available for distribution under the
provisions of the relevant laws and regulations and will be at least sufficient to enable it to qualify as an investment trust under the
Corporation Tax Act 2010 and the ongoing requirements of The Investment Trust (Approved Company) (Tax) Regulations 2011.
If the Company has received an exceptional level of income in any accounting year, the Board may elect to pay a special dividend.
The primary focus of the investment policy is on generating capital returns, the Company does not target a particular level of
income and there is no guarantee that dividend levels will be maintained from one year to the next.

The Company will normally pay two dividends per year, an interim dividend declared at the time when the half yearly results are
announced, and a final dividend proposed at the time when the annual results are announced. The final dividend will be subject to
shareholder approval at the AGM each year.

The Company may also distribute capital by means of share buybacks when the Board believes that it is in the best interests of
shareholders to do so. The share buyback programme will be subject to shareholder approval at each AGM.

Business model
The Company has no employees and all of its Directors are non-executive. The Company delegates its day-to-day activities to
third parties.

Since 1 October 2021, Franklin Templeton Investment Trust Management Limited (‘FTITML’, ‘AIFM’ or the ‘Manager’) has
been the Company’s AIFM and Company Secretary.

The Board is responsible for all aspects of the Company’s affairs, including the setting of parameters for the monitoring of the
investment strategy and the review of investment performance and policy. It also has responsibility for overseeing all strategic
policy issues, namely dividend, gearing, share issuance and buybacks, share price and discount/premium monitoring, corporate
governance matters and engagement with all the Company’s stakeholders.

Strategy
The Company seeks to achieve its objective by following a strategy focused on the following:

Performance

At the heart of the strategy is the appointment and retention of capable investment management professionals, whose aim is to
identify value and to achieve superior long-term growth for shareholders. TGI, under the leadership of Chetan Sehgal, continues
to apply the same core investment philosophy that has driven TEMIT’s performance since the Company’s launch. The investment
team aims to achieve long-term capital appreciation for shareholders seeking exposure to global emerging markets by investing in
companies that they believe offer the potential for long-term sustainable growth and good value, combined with strong
management and sound governance.

Investment Process and Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) Considerations
As part of TEMIT’s stock research process, ESG factors are researched alongside other important factors, such as company
earnings power, competitive positioning and management quality. These factors are likely to impact materially the operating
performance or financial conditions of a company. This deepens our understanding of the companies we research; it also guides us
in our engagement activities over a range of issues, better informing our research insights, as we strive to protect shareholder
value.

As TEMIT is an investment trust, the key ESG consideration is the stewardship of its portfolio of investments. The Board has
reviewed and fully supports TGI’s approach to stewardship and receives regular reports on Franklin Templeton’s policies and
controls.

TEMIT has no greenhouse gas emissions to report from the operations of the Company, as all of its activities are outsourced to
third parties. While as an investment trust TEMIT is exempt from disclosures recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’), Franklin Templeton continues to develop metrics for our carbon footprint. Further information
on our approach to stewardship and climate change can be found under Stewardship above and in more detail in the full
Stewardship Report, available on our website (www.temit.co.uk).

TEMIT has no employees and is not an organisation that provides goods or services as defined in the Modern Slavery Act 2015
and thus the Company considers that the Act does not apply. The Company’s own supply chain consists predominantly of
professional services advisers.

Culture and Values
The Board believes in a culture of openness and constructive challenge in its interactions with the Manager and other service
providers. The Board aims to maintain open and regular communication with shareholders, as set out under Communication in the
full Annual Report.
The Company is committed to acting professionally, fairly and with integrity in all of its business dealings and relationships. The
Board has a zero-tolerance policy towards bribery and looks to ensure that its service providers and associated persons have
effective policies and procedures designed to actively prevent bribery which are proportionate, and risk based. In relation to the
corporate offence of failing to prevent tax evasion, it is the Company’s policy to conduct all business in an honest and ethical
manner. The Company also takes a zero-tolerance approach to any facilitation of tax evasion whether under UK law or under the
law of any foreign country. The Board notes that the Manager has a robust whistleblowing policy in place.

Information on the Company’s approach to Diversity is set out in the Directors’ Report in the full Annual Report.

Liquidity

The shares issued by the Company are traded on the London and New Zealand stock exchanges. The Company has engaged
Winterflood Securities and JP Morgan as joint financial advisers and stockbrokers.

Covered Call Options

The portfolio managers have the ability to invest for TEMIT in ‘covered call options’ with the aim of increasing returns for
shareholders.

A call option gives the buyer the right to buy shares in an underlying company at a fixed price at some point in the future. The
fixed price is called the ‘strike price’. By selling (or ‘shorting’) a covered call option, TEMIT sells to a counterparty the right to
buy some of the shares that it owns.

When TEMIT sells a covered call option, it receives an amount (the ‘premium’) from the buyer in exchange for the buyer
obtaining the right to buy the shares at the strike price.

A covered call option has a fixed life, with the final date of its life called the ‘maturity date’.

    •     If on the maturity date the share price is below the option strike price, then the call option will expire. TEMIT will have
          received the option premium, enhancing investment returns, and will still own the underlying shares.
    •     If on the maturity date the share price is above the option strike price, then the owner of the option has the right to buy
          the shares under the option at the fixed strike price. If this happens, then TEMIT will have sold the return on the shares
          above the strike price, but it will have received the option premium.

The effect of covered call options then is that TEMIT receives an option premium but the upside on the returns on the underlying
shares is limited to the option strike price as shown in the diagram in the full Annual Report.

If the price of the shares underlying a call option increases to the strike price or above, in practice TEMIT’s fund managers will
make a decision on whether to reinvest by (re)buying the shares. This will depend on their views on the likely further upside at the
time and the company’s prospects will be reassessed, as the prospects of all companies in the portfolio are regularly reassessed as
new information comes to light.

As at 31 March 2026 TEMIT had written covered call options in Techtronic Industries. During the year the Company also wrote
covered call options in Alibaba, which expired in March and Baidu, which were bought back prior to maturity.

Gearing

Fixed Term Loan

On 31 January 2020, the Company entered into a five-year £100 million loan at a fixed rate of 2.089% with Scotiabank Europe
plc. The loan was repaid in full at its maturity on 31 January 2025. The fixed term loan was denominated in pounds sterling and is
disclosed in Note 11 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

Revolving Credit Facility

On 30 January 2026, the Company entered into a £122 million multi-currency revolving loan facility with The Bank of Nova
Scotia, London Branch. This loan facility is a rolling agreement with the option to terminate after one year and commercial terms
will be reviewed every three years. Drawings may be in sterling, US dollars (‘USD’) or Chinese renminbi (‘CNH’). As at 31
March 2026, tranches of £40 million, USD 50 million and CNH 300 million were drawn down from this facility. Further details of
the facility are set out in Note 11 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

The Company had no other debt as at 31 March 2026. The net gearing position was 1.2% (net of cash in the portfolio) at the year-
end (2025: 0.2%)(a).
(a) A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.
The Board continues to monitor the level of gearing and currently considers borrowing of up to 20% of net assets to be
appropriate, measured at the time of borrowing.

Affirmation of Shareholder Mandate
In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association, the Board must seek shareholders’ approval every five years for
TEMIT to continue as an investment trust. This allows shareholders the opportunity to decide on the long-term future of the
Company. The last continuation vote took place at the AGM on 11 July 2024, when 99.3% of the votes cast were registered as
votes in favour. The next continuation vote will take place at the 2029 AGM.

Stability – Share Buybacks and Conditional Tender Offer

The Company has powers to buy back its shares as a discount control mechanism and when this is in the best interests of the
Company’s shareholders and has a Conditional Tender Offer. The share price discount to net asset value is discussed under Key
Performance Indicators in the full Annual Report.

Under the Conditional Tender Offer, if over the five-year period from 31 March 2024 to 31 March 2029 the Company’s net asset
value total return fails to exceed the benchmark total return, the Board will put forward proposals to shareholders to undertake a
tender offer for up to 25 per cent of the issued share capital of the Company, at the discretion of the Board.

Any such tender offer will be at a price equal to the then prevailing net asset value less two per cent (and less the costs of the
tender offer). There will be no tender offer if the Company’s net asset value total return exceeds the benchmark total return (MSCI
Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index) over the five-year period. Any tender offer would take place following the Company’s
2029 AGM and will also be conditional on shareholders approving the continuation vote in 2029 which is described under
‘Affirmation of Shareholder Mandate’ above.

A key point in the Investment Managers’ mandate is to take a long-term view of investments and one of the advantages of a
closed-end fund is that the portfolio structure is not disrupted by large inflows or outflows of cash. However, the Board and the
Investment Managers recognise that the returns experienced by shareholders are in the form of movements in the share price,
which are not directly linked to NAV movements, and the shares may trade at varying discounts or premiums to the prevailing
NAV. Many shareholders, both professional and private investors, have expressed a view that a high level of volatility in the
discount is undesirable and that the Company should continue its active share buyback programme. A less volatile discount, and
hence share price, is seen as important to investors. For this reason, TEMIT uses share buybacks selectively with the intention of
limiting volatility in the share price. Details of the share buybacks are included in the following table. All shares bought back in
the year were cancelled, with none being placed in treasury. As at 31 March 2026, the Company held 60,000,000 shares in
treasury (2025: 60,000,000 shares in treasury).

Discount management is reviewed regularly by the Board to ensure that it remains effective in the light of prevailing market
conditions. The Conditional Tender Offer will not affect the Board’s current approach to discount management. The Board will
continue to exercise the Company’s right to buy back shares when it believes this to be in shareholders’ interests and with the aim
of reducing volatility in the discount.

                                                                                                          2026                 2025
Shares Bought Back and Cancelled During the Year                                                     79,922,725           89,989,892
Proportion of Share Capital Bought Back and Cancelled                                                     7.8%                 8.1%
Total Cost of Share Buybacks                                                                           £166.7m              £149.2m
The Benefit to NAV                                                                                      £18.4m               £23.7m
The Percentage Benefit to NAV                                                                             0.8%                 1.2%

Communication
The Board and Manager aim to ensure that investors are kept updated regularly about the performance of TEMIT and of emerging
markets through clear communication and updates. The Board is fully committed to TEMIT’s marketing and communications
programme. There is a substantial annual marketing and communication budget, and the Manager makes a contribution to these
costs.
TEMIT has received AIC Shareholder Communication awards for its effective campaigns and promotions in 2022, 2023, 2024
and 2025. Through innovative use of broadcast media and direct marketing, TEMIT’s profile has been elevated, showcasing the
Company’s benefits and conveying the dynamic growth story of emerging markets to a wider audience. This follows a rebrand in
January 2022, when TEMIT unveiled a fresh corporate identity, establishing a unique brand for the Company for the first time.
TEMIT seeks to keep shareholders updated on performance and investment strategy through its Annual and Half Yearly Reports,
along with monthly factsheets and manager commentaries, which are available on the Company’s website - temit.co.uk - offering
a wealth of updates, stock story videos, articles, portfolio details, and essential documents. Connect with x.com/temit for ongoing
updates and announcements as we expand our social media presence.
The Board encourages registration to our monthly email that keeps subscribers appraised of the latest performance, insights and
announcements.
In addition, TEMIT has an active communications programme. Our Investment Managers provide topical and informative
comments to journalists, host media briefings and events and publish articles on issues relevant to investing in emerging markets.
The Investment Managers meet regularly with professional investors and analysts and host interactive webinars. At each AGM the
Investment Managers make a presentation with the opportunity for all shareholders to ask questions.
The Chairman regularly meets major shareholders to discuss investment performance and developments in corporate governance.
We try to engage with a wide spectrum of our shareholders and aim to address their concerns as far as practically possible.
Shareholders are welcome to contact the Chairman or the Senior Independent Director at any time via
temitcosec@franklintempleton.com.


Section 172 Report – Promoting the success of the Company

The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 require directors to explain how they have discharged their duties
under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 in promoting the success of their companies for the benefit of ‘members as a
whole’ and having regard for all stakeholders.

Section 172 Matter        1. The likely consequences of any decision in the long term.
                          2. The interests of the Company’s employees.
                          3. The need to foster the Company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others.
                          4. The impact of the Company’s operations on the community and the environment.
                          5. The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct.
                          6. The need to act fairly between members of the Company.
Board’s Statement         1. The Board is focused on promoting the long-term success of the Company and regularly reviews the
                             Company’s long-term strategic objectives, including consideration of the impact of the Investment
                             Managers’ actions on the marketability and reputation of the Company and the likely impact on the
                             Company’s stakeholders of the Company’s strategy.
                          2. The Company has no direct employees.
                          3. The Board’s approach to its key stakeholders is set out below.
                          4. The Board’s approach is set out in the section on Investment Process and ESG Considerations under
                             Strategy and Business Model in the full Annual Report.
                          5. The Board’s approach is set out in ‘Culture and Values’ in the full Annual Report.
                          6. The Board’s approach to its key stakeholders is set out below.

In addition to the primary focus of the Board, and with due regard to its obligations under Section 172 of the Companies Act
2006, the following important matters were considered at Board meetings during the year:
• Changes to the risk matrix, monitoring such changes carefully and introducing alternative mitigating controls where necessary
  and practicable to support the operation of an effective control environment;
• Review of the marketing plan with the Manager;
• Review of the share buyback programme;
• Review of the dividend policy; and
• Review of the gearing facility and in particular the decision to enter into a new revolving credit facility.

The Board considers the main stakeholders in the Company to be its shareholders and its service providers, the principal one of
which is its Manager, along with its investee companies. A summary of the key areas of engagement undertaken by the Board
with its main stakeholders in the year under review and how Directors have acted upon this to promote the long-term success of
the Company are set out in the following table.

Stakeholders       Area of Engagement         Consideration          Engagement                         Outcome
Shareholders       Company Objective          Delivering on the      The Company’s objective and        The Investment Managers’
and Potential                                 Company’s              investment policy are set out      Report in the full Annual
Investors                                     objective to           in the full Annual Report.         Report gives a full
                                              shareholders over                                         commentary on the
                                              the long term.         The Company’s performance          Company’s portfolio as well
                                                                     against its objective is           as on the approach and
                                                                     regularly reviewed by the          considerations undertaken by
                                                                     Board, taking account of           the Investment Managers for
                                                                     views expressed by                 stock selection in the
                                                                     shareholders.                      portfolio.

                                                                     The Company holds a                A continuation vote took
                                                                     continuation vote every five       place at the 2024 AGM, with
                                                             years to allow shareholders to   99.30% of votes cast in
                                                             decide on the long-term future   favour. The next continuation
                                                             of the Company.                  vote is scheduled to take
                                                                                              place at the 2029 AGM.

Shareholders    Dividend              The objective of the   The Board reviews regularly      Dividend payments are
and Potential                         Company is to          the level of dividends, taking   discussed in the Chairman’s
Investors                             provide long term      account of the income            Statement in the full Annual
                                      capital                generated by the Company’s       Report.
                                      appreciation,          portfolio and the availability
                                      however, the Board     of reserves.
                                      recognises the
                                      importance of          In considering the
                                      dividend income to     sustainability of the dividend
                                      many shareholders.     and of the Company, the
                                                             Board reviews the models
                                                             supporting the going concern
                                                             assessment and viability
                                                             statement.

Shareholders    Communication with    The Board              Working closely with the         Full details of all Board and
and Potential   Shareholders          understands the        Manager, the Board ensures       Manager communication are
Investors                             importance of          that there is a variety of       included in the full Annual
                                      communication          regular communication with       Report.
                                      with its               shareholders.
                                      shareholders and                                        Shareholders are invited to
                                      maintains open                                          submit questions for the
                                      channels of                                             Board to address at the
                                      communication                                           Company’s AGM. They are
                                      with shareholders.                                      also welcome to contact the
                                                                                              Chairman or other Board
                                                                                              members at any time.

Shareholders    Discount Management   To smooth the          The Board monitors the           TEMIT continues to adopt an
and Potential                         volatility in the      discount closely and discusses   active buy back policy and
Investors                             discount.              discount strategy with the       has a Conditional Tender
                                                             Investment Managers and the      Offer. Details of these can be
                                                             Company’s joint stockbrokers     found under ‘Stability –
                                                             at every regular Board           Share Buybacks and
                                                             meeting. The stockbrokers        Conditional Tender Offer’ in
                                                             provide a summary of the         the full Annual Report.
                                                             discount and market
                                                             conditions to the Board and      Further details of the current
                                                             Investment Managers at the       discount and discount
                                                             close of each trading day in     management are detailed in
                                                             London. The Board also meets     the Chairman’s Statement
                                                             with the Investment Managers     under ‘Share price rating’ in
                                                             to discuss the Company’s         the full Annual Report.
                                                             marketing strategy to ensure
                                                             effective communication with
                                                             existing shareholders and to
                                                             consider strategies to create
                                                             additional demand for the
                                                             Company’s shares.

Manager         Communication         The Board’s            The Manager attends all          The Board operates in a
                Between the Board     oversight of the       regular Board meetings where     supportive and open manner,
                and the manager       Manager is very        it reviews and discusses         challenging the activity of the
                                      important.             performance reports, changes     Manager and its results. The
                                                             in the portfolio composition     Board believes that the
                                                             and risk matrix. The Board       Company is well managed
                                                             receives timely and accurate     and the Board places great
                                                             information from the Manager     value on the experience of
                                                             and engages with the             the Investment Managers to
                                                             Investment Managers and the      deliver superior long-term
                                                             Company Secretary between        returns from investments and
                                                                                       meetings as well as with other   on the other functions of the
                                                                                       representatives of the Manager   Manager to fulfil their roles
                                                                                       as and when it is deemed         effectively.
                                                                                       necessary.

Third-party                Engagement with                 The Board                   As TEMIT is an investment        The Manager maintains the
Service                    Service Providers               acknowledges the            company all services are         overall day-to-day
Providers                                                  importance of               outsourced to third-party        relationship with the service
                                                           ensuring that the           providers. The Board             providers and the Board
                                                           Company’s service           considers the support            undertakes an annual review
                                                           providers are               delivered by service providers   of the performance of the
                                                           delivering a                including the quality of the     Company’s service
                                                           suitable level of           service, succession planning     providers. This review also
                                                           service, that the           and any potential interruption   includes the levels of fees
                                                           service level is            of service or other potential    paid.
                                                           sustainable and that        risks.
                                                           they are fairly
                                                           remunerated for
                                                           their service.

Investee                   Engagement with                 The relationship            On behalf of the Company the     The Investment Managers
Companies                  Investee Companies              between the                 Investment Managers engage       have a dedicated research
                                                           Company and the             with investee companies          team that is employed in
                                                           investee companies          implementing corporate           making investment decisions
                                                           is very important.          governance principles. They      and when voting at
                                                                                       discuss the portfolio with the   shareholder meetings of
                                                                                       Board on a quarterly basis.      investee companies.


Key performance indicators

The Board considers the following to be the key performance indicators (‘KPIs’) for the Company:

•        Net asset value and share price total return over various periods, compared to its benchmark;
•        Share price discount to net asset value;
•        Dividend and revenue earnings; and
•        Ongoing charges ratio.

The 10 Year Record of the KPIs is shown in the full Annual Report.

Net asset value and share price total return(a)
(a)
      A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.

Net asset value and share price total return data is presented within the Financial Highlights along with the 10 Year Record.

The Chairman’s Statement and the Investment Managers’ Report include further commentary on the Company’s performance.

Performance of the Company’s portfolio is measured in pounds sterling (GBP) against the MSCI Emerging Markets (Net
Dividends) Index (GBP).

Share price discount to net asset value(a)
(a)
      A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.

Details of the Company’s share price discount to net asset value are presented in the Financial Summary in the full Annual Report.
On 21 May 2026, the latest practicable date for which information was available, the discount was 8.9%.

The Company has powers to buy back its shares as a discount control mechanism when the Board considers that this is in the best
interests of the Company’s shareholders and has a Conditional Tender Offer mechanism. These are described under ‘Stability –
Share Buybacks and Conditional Tender Offer’.

Dividend and revenue earnings

Total income earned in the year was £65.6 million (2025: £70.4 million) which translates into net revenue earnings of 5.39 pence
per share (2025: 5.41 pence per share), slightly lower compared to the prior year.
The Company paid an interim dividend of 2.00 pence per share on 30 January 2026. The Board is proposing a final dividend of
3.25 pence per share, making total ordinary dividends for the year of 5.25 pence per share.

Ongoing charges ratio(a) (‘OCR’)
(a)
      A glossary of terms and alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.

The OCR reduced to 0.86% for the year ended 31 March 2026, compared to 0.95% in the prior year. This was driven by the
reduction in the AIFM fee rate as detailed in the Directors’ Report and in the Chairman’s Statement in the full Annual report and
an uplift in the average net assets over the year. The OCR has been calculated in line with the Association of Investment
Companies (‘AIC’) recommended methodology.

Costs associated with the purchase and sale of investments are taken to capital and are not included in the OCR. Transaction costs
are disclosed in Note 8 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.


Principal and emerging risks

At least quarterly, the Board reviews with the AIFM and the Investment Managers a wide range of risk factors that may impact
the Company. A full review of risks and internal controls is held every September by the Audit and Risk Committee. These
reviews include a robust assessment of the principal and emerging risks facing the Company, including those that would threaten
its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity. These are summarised in the table below.

Further explanation of the monitoring of risk and uncertainties is covered in the Report of the Audit and Risk Committee in the
full Annual Report. Information on the risks that TEMIT is subject to, including additional financial and valuation risks, are also
detailed in Note 16 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

Due to the nature of the Company’s business, investment risk is a key focus and is reviewed on an ongoing basis by the
Investment Managers as part of every investment decision. Further information on this process is detailed in the full Annual
Report.

                                   Principal Risk                                                       Mitigation
Market, Geopolitical               Market risk arises from volatility in the prices of                  The Board reviews regularly and discusses with
and Investment                     the Company’s investments, from the risk of                          the Investment Managers the portfolio, the
                                   volatility in global markets arising from                            Company’s investment performance and the
                                   macroeconomic and geopolitical circumstances and                     execution of the investment policy against the
                                   conditions. Many of the companies in which                           long-term objectives of the Company. The
                                   TEMIT invests are, by reason of the locations in                     Manager’s independent risk team performs
                                   which they operate, exposed to the risk of political                 systematic risk analysis, including country and
                                   or economic change. In addition, sanctions,                          industry specific risk monitoring, as well as stress
                                   exchange controls, tax or other regulations                          testing of the portfolio’s resilience to geopolitical
                                   introduced in any country in which TEMIT invests                     shocks. The Manager’s legal and compliance team
                                   may affect its income and the value and the                          monitors sanctions. Where TEMIT is affected,
                                   marketability of its investments. Emerging markets                   adherence to all sanctions and restrictions is
                                   can be subject to greater price volatility than                      ensured by this team. The Board also regularly
                                   developed markets.                                                   reviews reports from the Manager’s risk, legal and
                                                                                                        compliance teams.
                                   Geopolitical risk arises from political instability,
                                   conflict, policy intervention and regulatory actions
                                   that inherently affect market access, investability,
                                   valuation and liquidity across emerging markets.
                                   Such developments can give rise to sanctions, trade
                                   and capital restrictions, supply chain disruption and
                                   changes in inflationary conditions, which can
                                   increase market volatility, impair investor
                                   sentiment and impact the operating environment of
                                   investee companies.

                                   Investment risk refers to the possibility that an
                                   investment’s actual returns may differ from the
                                   expected returns, potentially resulting in financial
                                   loss. As well as market and geopolitical risk, this
                                   risk is impacted by the decisions made by portfolio
                                   managers regarding sector, country allocation, and
                                   stock selection.
Technology           Failure or breach of the security of information       The Company benefits from Franklin Templeton’s
                     technology systems of the Company’s service            technology framework designed to mitigate the
                     providers may entail risk of financial loss,           risk of a cyber security breach.
                     disruption to operations or damage to the reputation
                     of the Company.                                        For key third-party providers, the Audit and Risk
                                                                            Committee receives regular independent reports on
                                                                            their technology control environment.

Concentration        Concentration risk arises from investing in            The Board reviews regularly the portfolio
                     relatively few holdings, few sectors or a restricted   composition/ asset allocation and discusses related
                     geographic area. NAV performance may be more           developments with the Investment Managers and
                     volatile and dividend payment less predictable,        the independent risk management team. The
                     than with a greater number of securities.              Investment Compliance team of the Investment
                                                                            Managers monitors concentration limits and
                                                                            highlights any concerns to portfolio management
                                                                            for remedial action.

Key Personnel        The ability of the Company to achieve its objective    The Manager endeavours to ensure that the
                     is significantly dependent upon the expertise of the   principal members of its management teams are
                     Investment Managers and their ability to attract and   suitably incentivised, participate in strategic leader
                     retain suitable staff.                                 programmes and monitor key succession planning
                                                                            metrics. The Board meets privately with the key
                                                                            personnel at least twice a year. The Board
                                                                            discusses this risk regularly with the Manager.

Foreign Currency     Currency exchange rate movements may affect            The Board monitors currency risk as part of the
                     TEMIT’s performance. In general, if the value of       regular portfolio and risk management oversight.
                     sterling increases compared with a foreign             TEMIT does not hedge currency risk.
                     currency, an investment traded in that foreign
                     currency will be worth less in sterling terms. This
                     can have a negative effect on the Company’s
                     performance.

Discount Risk        The discount/premium at which the Company’s            The Board monitors the level of discount/premium
                     shares trade relative to its net asset value can       at which the shares trade and has an active
                     change. The risk of a widening discount, and/or        investor relations programme. The Company has
                     related volatility, could reduce shareholder returns   authority to buy back its existing shares when
                     and confidence in the Company.                         deemed by the Board to be in the best interests of
                                                                            the Company and its shareholders.

Regulatory           The Company is an Alternative Investment Fund          The Board, with the assistance of the Manager,
                     (‘AIF’) and is listed on both the London and New       ensures that the Company complies with all
                     Zealand stock exchanges. The Company operates          applicable laws and regulation and its internal risk
                     in an increasingly complex regulatory environment      and control framework reduces the likelihood of
                     and faces numerous regulatory risks. Breaches of       breaches happening.
                     regulations could lead to a number of detrimental
                     outcomes and reputational damage.

Sustainability and   The Company’s portfolio, and also the Company’s        The Investment Managers consider that
Climate Change       service providers and the Investment Managers, are     sustainability risks are relevant to the returns of
                     exposed to risks arising from governance and           the Company. The Manager has implemented a
                     sustainability issues, including climate change. To    policy in respect of the integration of sustainability
                     the extent that such a risk occurs, or occurs in a     and climate change risks in its investment decision
                     manner that is not anticipated by the Investment       making process. The Board receives regular
                     Managers, there may be a sudden, material              reports on the policies and controls in place on
                     negative impact on the value of an investment, and     ESG considerations. The Board has reviewed and
                     the operations or reputation of the Investment         fully supports the Franklin Templeton Stewardship
                     Managers.                                              Statement and its Sustainable Investing Principles
                                                                            and Policies.
Operational and           Like many other investment trust companies,             The Manager’s systems are regularly tested and
Custody                   TEMIT has no employees. The Company therefore           monitored and an internal controls report, which
                          relies upon the services provided by third parties      includes an assessment of risks together with an
                          and is dependent upon the control systems of the        overview of procedures to mitigate such risks, is
                          Investment Managers and of the Company’s other          prepared by the Manager and reviewed by the
                          service providers. The security, for example, of the    Audit and Risk Committee.
                          Company’s assets, dealing procedures, accounting
                          records and maintenance of regulatory and legal         J.P. Morgan Europe Limited is the Company’s
                          requirements depends on the effective operation of      depositary. Its responsibilities include cash
                          these systems.                                          monitoring, safe keeping of the Company’s
                                                                                  financial instruments, verifying ownership and
                                                                                  maintaining a record of other assets and
                                                                                  monitoring the Company’s compliance with
                                                                                  investment limits and borrowing requirements.
                                                                                  The depositary is liable for any loss of financial
                                                                                  instruments held in custody and will ensure that
                                                                                  the custodian and any sub-custodians segregate the
                                                                                  assets of the Company. The depositary oversees
                                                                                  the custody function performed by JPMorgan
                                                                                  Chase Bank. The custodian provides a report on its
                                                                                  key controls and safeguards (SOC 1/ SSAE 16/
                                                                                  ISAE 3402) that is independently reported on by
                                                                                  its auditor, PwC.

                                                                                  The Board reviews regular operational risk
                                                                                  management reporting provided by the Investment
                                                                                  Managers.


Emerging risks

The Board and the Investment Managers continue to monitor emerging developments that may affect the Company’s portfolio,
investability or operating environment, including developments that could amplify the principal risks. Geopolitical uncertainty
remains an important area of focus, particularly where political instability, conflict, policy fragmentation and regulatory
intervention increase the likelihood of sudden changes in market access, sanctions, trade restrictions or capital restrictions. The
Board also continues to monitor the potential implications of rapid technological change, including developments in artificial
intelligence, which may affect competitive dynamics, valuation, market structure and operational resilience across sectors and
geographies relevant to the portfolio.

Viability statement

The Board considers viability as part of its continuing programme of monitoring risk. In preparing the Viability Statement, in
accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code and the AIC Corporate Governance Code, the Directors have assessed the
prospects of the Company over a longer period than the 12 months required by the ‘Going Concern’ provision.

The Board has considered the Company’s business and investment cycles and is of the view that five years is a suitable time
horizon to consider the continuing viability of the Company, balancing the uncertainties of investing in emerging markets
securities against having due regard to viability over the longer term.

In assessing the Company’s viability, the Board has performed a robust assessment of controls over the principal risks. The Board
considers, on an ongoing basis, each of the principal and emerging risks as noted above and set out in Note 16 of the Notes to the
Financial Statements. The Board evaluated various scenarios including a material increase in expenses and a continued significant
and prolonged fall in emerging equity markets. The Board also considered the latest assessment of the portfolio’s liquidity. The
Board monitors income and expense projections for the Company, with the majority of the expenses being predictable and modest
in comparison with the assets of the Company.

The Company foresees no issues with meeting interest payments and current liabilities relating to the £122 million multi-currency
revolving credit facility. A significant proportion of the Company’s expenses is the ad valorem AIFM fee, which would naturally
reduce if the market value of the Company’s assets were to fall.

Considering the above, and with careful consideration given to the current market situation, the ramifications of continuing
geopolitical tensions and the challenges posed by climate change, the Board has concluded that there is a reasonable expectation
that, assuming that there will be a successful continuation vote at the 2029 AGM, the Company will be able to continue to operate
and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the next five years.
Future strategy

The Company was founded, and continues to be managed, based on a long-term investment strategy that seeks to generate
superior returns from investments, principally in the shares of carefully selected companies in emerging markets.

The Company’s results will be affected by many factors including political decisions, economic factors, the performance of
investee companies and the ability of the Investment Managers to choose investments successfully as well as the current
challenges.

The Board and the Investment Managers continue to believe in investment with a long-term horizon in companies that are
undervalued by stock markets, but which are fundamentally strong and growing. It is recognised that, at times, extraneous
political, economic and company-specific and other factors will affect the performance of investments, but the Company will
continue to take a long-term view in the belief that patience will be rewarded.

                                                                                                                 By order of the Board
                                                                                                                  Angus Macpherson
                                                                                                                          2 June 2026

Statement of directors’ responsibilities

In respect of the Annual Report and the Financial Statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and
regulations. Details of the Directors and members of the Committees are reported in the full Annual Report.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Financial Statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors are
required to prepare the Financial Statements in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards.

Under company law the Directors must be satisfied that the Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of
the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for the period.

In preparing these Financial Statements, International Accounting Standard 1 requires that Directors:

•   Properly select and apply accounting policies;

•   Present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and
    understandable information;

•   Provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements of UK adopted International Accounting
    Standards are insufficient to enable users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on
    the entity’s financial position and financial performance; and

•   Assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure
that the Financial Statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the
Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the
Company’s website (www.temit.co.uk). Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of
Financial Statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Responsibility statement

Each of the Directors, who are listed in the full Annual Report, confirms that to the best of their knowledge:

•   The Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards,
    give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company for the year ended 31
    March 2026; and

•   The Chairman’s Statement, Strategic Report and the Report of the Directors include a fair review of the information required
    by 4.1.8R to 4.1.11R of the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules; and
•    The Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements, taken as a whole, are fair, balanced and understandable and provide the
     information necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s position and performance, business model and strategy, and
     include a description of the principal risks and uncertainties.

                                                                                                                                   By order of the Board
                                                                                                                                     Angus Macpherson
                                                                                                                                             2 June 2026

Financial Statements

Statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2026

                                                                                   Year Ended 31 March 2026 Year Ended 31 March 2025
                                                                                   Revenue Capital     Total Revenue Capital    Total
                                                                              Note    £’000    £’000   £’000   £’000    £’000   £’000
Net Gains/(Losses) on Investments and Foreign
Exchange
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                            8                - 721,419 721,419                – 115,856 115,856
Net Gains on Derivative Instruments                                               9                -     105     105
Net Losses on Foreign Exchange                                                                     - (3,848) (3,848)                –       (403)       (403)
Income
Dividends                                                                         2     62,296   1,204 63,500                65,353        3,944      69,297
Derivative Income                                                                 2        905       -     905                5,038            –       5,038
Other Income                                                                      2      2,360       -   2,360
                                                                                        65,561 718,880 784,441               70,391 119,397 189,788
Expenses
AIFM Fee                                                                          3     (4,547)      (13,640)    (18,187)    (4,792)    (12,620)    (17,412)
Other Expenses                                                                    4     (2,259)              -     (2,259)   (2,294)            –     (2,294)
                                                                                        (6,806)      (13,640)    (20,446)    (7,086)    (12,620)    (19,706)
Profit Before Finance Costs and Taxation                                                 58,755       705,240     763,995     63,305     106,777     170,082
Finance Costs                                                                     5       (816)        (2,448)     (3,264)     (700)      (1,885)     (2,585)
Profit Before Taxation                                                                   57,939       702,792     760,731     62,605     104,892     167,497
Tax (Expense)/Income                                                              6     (5,206)          3,011     (2,195)   (4,682)      (9,119)   (13,801)
Profit for the Year                                                                      52,733       705,803     758,536     57,923       95,773    153,696
Profit Attributable to Equity Holders of the Company                                     52,733       705,803     758,536     57,923       95,773    153,696
Earnings per Share                                                                7       5.39p        72.15p      77.54p      5.41p        8.95p     14.36p

Under the Company’s Articles of Association, the capital element of return is not distributable.

The total column of this statement represents the profit and loss account of the Company. The revenue and capital columns represent supplementary information
prepared in accordance with the Statement of Recommended Practice (‘SORP’) issued by the Association of Investment Companies (‘AIC’).

The Company does not have any other comprehensive income and, accordingly, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company, as disclosed above, is the
same as the Company’s total comprehensive income.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.




Statement of financial position
As at 31 March 2026
                                                                                                          As at 31 March 2026      As at 31 March 2025
                                                                                                   Note                 £’000                    £’000
Non-Current Assets
Investments at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss                                                      8               2,562,364                   2,002,617
Current Assets
Amounts Held at Brokers                                                                                                     235                            -
Trade and Other Receivables                                                                          10                   9,538                        8,374
Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                                                78,641                       75,549
Total Current Assets                                                                                                     88,414                       83,923
Current Liabilities
Derivative Instrument Liabilities                                                                     9                      (1)                                -
Bank Loans                                                                        11               (110,683)                    (80,000)
Other Payables                                                                    11                 (5,495)                     (4,406)
Provisions                                                                        12                   (399)                       (416)
Total Current Liabilities                                                                          (116,578)                    (84,822)
Net Current Liabilities                                                                             (28,164)                       (899)
Non-Current Liabilities
Capital Gains Tax Provision                                                        6                  (8,615)                  (16,276)
Total Assets Less Liabilities                                                                      2,525,585                  1,985,442
Share Capital and Reserves
Equity Share Capital                                                       1(k), 13                   50,245                     54,241
Capital Redemption Reserve                                                    1(k)                    32,424                     28,428
Capital Reserve                                                               1(k)                 1,873,826                  1,334,729
Special Distributable Reserve                                                 1(k)                   433,546                    433,546
Revenue Reserve                                                               1(k)                   135,544                    134,498
Equity Shareholders’ Funds                                                                         2,525,585                  1,985,442
Net Asset Value Pence per Share(a)                                                                     267.3                      193.7
(a)
    Based on shares in issue excluding shares held in treasury.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.

The Financial Statements of Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust plc (company registration number SC118022) were
approved for issue by the Board and signed on 2 June 2026.

Angus Macpherson                                                   Sarika Patel
Chairman                                                           Director


Statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2026

                                                                     Capital                 Special
                                                    Equity Share Redemption    Capital Distributable Revenue
                                                         Capital    Reserve Reserve         Reserve Reserve                          Total
                                               Note         £’000      £’000     £’000         £’000    £’000                        £’000
Balance at 31 March 2024                                   60,932     21,737 1,388,186       433,546 130,462                     2,034,863
Profit for the Year                                             –          –    95,773             –   57,923                      153,696
Equity Dividends                                 14             –          –         –             – (53,887)                     (53,887)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares          13       (4,500)      4,500 (149,230)             –        –                    (149,230)
Cancellation of Treasury Shares                  13       (2,191)      2,191         –             –        –                            –
Balance at 31 March 2025                                   54,241     28,428 1,334,729       433,546 134,498                     1,985,442
Profit for the Year                                             -          - 705,803               -   52,733                      758,536
Equity Dividends                                 14             -          -         -             - (51,687)                     (51,687)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares          13       (3,996)      3,996 (166,706)             -        -                    (166,706)
Balance at 31 March 2026                                   50,245     32,424 1,873,826       433,546 135,544                     2,525,585

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.

Statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2026


                                                                               For the Year to 31 March 2026 For the Year to 31 March 2025
                                                                      Note                             £’000                         £’000
Cash Flows From Operating Activities
Profit Before Taxation                                                                            760,731                        167,497
Adjustments to Reconcile Profit Before Taxation to Cash Used in
Operations:
Bank and Deposit Interest Income Recognised                                                       (2,360)                        (5,015)
Dividend Income Recognised                                                                       (63,500)                       (69,297)
Derivative Income Recognised                                                                        (905)                              -
Finance Costs                                                                                       3,264                          2,585
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                     8                    (721,419)                      (115,856)
Net Gains on Derivative Instruments                                        9                        (105)                              -
Net Losses on Foreign Exchange                                                                                         3,848                                403
(Increase)/Decrease in Debtors                                                                                         (154)                                  85
Increase in Creditors                                                                                                    533                                  10
Cash Used in Operations                                                                                             (20,047)                           (19,588)
Bank and Deposit Interest Received                                                                                     2,366                              5,089
Dividends Received                                                                                                    63,650                             69,421
Derivative Income Recognised                                                                                           1,010                                   -
Amounts Held at Brokers                                                                                                (235)                                   -
Bank Overdraft Interest Paid                                                                                               -                                 (2)
Tax Paid                                                                                                             (9,714)                            (7,614)
Net Realised Losses/(Gains) on Foreign Currency Cash and Cash
Equivalents                                                                                                          (1,327)                                  (82)
Net Cash Inflow From Operating Activities                                                                             35,703                                47,224
Cash Flows From Investing Activities
Purchases of Non-Current Financial Assets                                                                         (419,031)                          (402,009)
Sales of Non-Current Financial Assets                                                                               578,392                            509,268
Cash Flows From Investing Activities                                                                                159,361                            107,259
Cash Flows From Financing Activities
Equity Dividends Paid                                                                    14                        (51,687)                           (53,887)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares                                                                           (166,176)                          (149,034)
Repayment of Bank Loans – Fixed Term Loan(a)                                                                              -                          (100,000)
Repayment of Bank Loans – Revolving Credit Facility                                                                (40,000)
Drawdown of Bank Loans - Revolving Credit Facility                                                                   68,567                              80,000
Interest and Fees Paid on Bank Loans                                                                                (3,543)                             (2,165)
Proceeds from Share Forfeiture                                                                                         (17)                                 821
Refund of Unclaimed Dividends                                                                                             -                                 220
Charity Donations                                                                                                         -                               (625)
Net Cash Outflow From Financing Activities                                                                        (192,856)                          (224,670)
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash                                                                                       2,208                           (70,187)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the Start of the Year                                                                   75,549                            145,736
Net Unrealised Gains on Foreign Currency Cash and Cash
Equivalents                                                                                                              884                                     0
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the End of the Year(b)                                                                   78,641                                75,549
(a)
 The fixed term loan was repaid in full at its maturity on 31 January 2025.
(b)
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year comprises cash of £41.2 million (2025: £0.2 million) and cash equivalents of £37.4 million (2025: £75.3
million).

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.

Changes in Liabilities Arising From Financing Activities

                                                                                                                                                Liabilities as
                                                       Liabilities as                            Profit &         Foreign Exchange              at 31 March
                                                  at 31 March 2025 Cash Flows                        Loss                Movement                        2026
                                                               £’000     £’000                     £’000                       £000                     £’000
Revolving Credit Facility                                    80,000     28,567                           -                    2,116                  110,683
- Interest and Fees Payable                                      767   (3,543)                      3,264                         -                       488
Total Liabilities From Bank Loans                            80,767     25,024                      3,624                     2,116                  111,171


                                                                                                                                                Liabilities as
                                                         Liabilities as                       Foreign Exchange                                  at 31 March
                                                    at 31 March 2024 Cash Flows Profit & Loss        Movement                                            2025
                                                                 £’000      £’000       £’000             £000                                          £’000
Revolving Credit Facility                                             –    80,000           -                -                                        80,000
- Interest and Fees Payable                                           –      (71)         838                -                                            767
Fixed Term Loan                                               100,000   (100,000)           -                -                                               -
- Interest and Fees Payable                                        349    (2,094)       1,745                -                                               -
Total Liabilities From Bank Loans                             100,349    (22,165)       2,583                -                                        80,767



Notes to the financial statements
As at 31 March 2026
1   Accounting Policies

(a) Basis of preparation

The Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting
Standards. The Financial Statements have also been prepared in accordance with the SORP for investment trusts issued by the
AIC and updated in December 2025 insofar as the SORP is compatible with International Accounting Standards.

The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.

Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards

At the date of authorisation of these Financial Statements, the following standards were assessed to be relevant and are effective
for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025:

•   IAS 21 Amendments: Lack of Exchangeability. This amendment clarifies when a currency is exchangeable and how to
    determine the exchange rate when it is not.

The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in the current reporting period.

At the date of authorisation of these Financial Statements, the following standards and interpretations which have not been applied
in these Financial Statements were in issue but not yet applicable:

Accounting Standards                                                   Effective Date for Annual Periods Beginning On or After
Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – Amendments to the
Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments                                                               1 January 2026
IFRS 18 – Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                                                         1 January 2027

The Directors expect that the amendments listed above will have no material impact to the Financial Statements of the Company
in the next reporting periods.

Going concern

The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has sufficient resources to continue in operational existence for the
period to 31 March 2028, which is at least 12 months from the date of the approval of these Financial Statements. The Directors
reviewed income forecasts covering the next two financial years, including interest and fees arising from the revolving credit loan
facility. The Directors considered the principal and emerging risks and uncertainties disclosed in the full Annual Report.

At 31 March 2026, the Company had net current liabilities of £28,164,000 (31 March 2025: net current liabilities of £899,000). In
addition, the Company holds a portfolio of largely liquid assets that, if required, can be sold to maintain adequate cash balances to
meet its expected cash flows, including current liabilities relating to the loans under the £122 million multi-currency revolving
credit facility. The Directors also reviewed scenarios of a significant drop in value of the assets and noted that in those scenarios
they would still be significantly higher than the Company’s liabilities. They have also confirmed the resiliency of the Company’s
key service providers and are satisfied that their contingency plans and working arrangements are sustainable.

The Board has established a framework of prudent and effective controls performed periodically by the Audit and Risk
Committee, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. Therefore, the going concern basis has been adopted in preparing the
Company’s Financial Statements. The Going Concern statement is set out in the full Annual Report.

Functional currency

As the Company is a UK investment trust, whose share capital is issued in the UK and denominated in sterling, the Directors
consider that the functional currency of the Company is sterling.

Estimates, assumptions and judgements

There have been no significant estimates, assumptions or judgements for the year.

In preparing these Financial Statements, the Directors have considered the impact of climate change as a principal risk as set out
in the full Annual Report and have concluded that there was no further impact of climate change to be considered as the
investments are valued based on market pricing. In line with UK adopted International Accounting Standards the investments are
valued at fair value, which for the Company are the bid prices quoted on the relevant stock exchange at the date of the Statement
of Financial Position and therefore reflect market participants’ views of climate change risk on the investments held.
(b) Presentation of statement of comprehensive income

To reflect accurately the activities of an investment trust company and in accordance with guidance issued by the AIC,
supplementary information which analyses the Statement of Comprehensive Income between items of a revenue and capital nature
has been presented within the Statement of Comprehensive Income. In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association,
net capital profits may not be distributed by way of dividend. Additionally, the net revenue is the measure that the Directors
believe appropriate in assessing the Company’s compliance with certain requirements set out in Section 1158 of the Corporation
Tax Act 2010.

(c) Income

Dividends receivable on equity shares are treated as revenue for the year on an ex-dividend basis. Where no ex-dividend date is
available, dividends are recognised on their due date. Provision is made for any dividends not expected to be received.

Where the Company has elected to receive its dividends in the form of additional shares rather than in cash, the amount of the
cash dividend is recognised in the revenue column of the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Any excess or shortfall in the
value of the shares received over the amount of the cash dividend forgone is recognised in the capital column of the Statement of
Comprehensive Income.

Special dividends receivable are treated as repayment of capital or as revenue depending on the facts of each particular case.
Interest on bank deposits and collateral related to option contracts are recognised on an accrual basis.

Stock lending income is shown gross of associated costs and recognised in revenue as earned.

(d) Expenses

All expenses are accounted for on an accrual basis and are charged through the revenue and capital sections of the Statement of
Comprehensive Income/Expenses are allocated to revenue except for:

•   Expenses relating to the purchase or disposal of an investment are treated as capital. Details of transaction costs on purchases
    and sales of investments are disclosed in Note 8; and

•   The AIFM fee and any finance costs, except for interest and fees on overdrafts, incurred are allocated 25% to revenue and
    75% to capital in line with the Directors’ expected long-term split of revenue and capital return from the Company’s
    investment portfolio.

(e) Finance costs

Finance costs relating to bank loans are accounted for on an accrual basis using the effective interest method in the Statement of
Comprehensive Income according to the Directors’ expectations of future returns. Finance costs relate to interest and fees on bank
loans and overdrafts.

(f) Taxation

The tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred tax. Tax receivables will be recognised when it is probable that the
benefit will flow to the entity and the benefit can be reliably measured. In line with the recommendations of the SORP, the
allocation method used to calculate tax relief on expenses presented against capital returns in the supplementary information in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income is the ‘marginal basis’. Under this basis, if taxable income is capable of being offset entirely
by expenses presented in the revenue return column of the Statement of Comprehensive Income, then no tax relief is transferred to
the capital return column.

Deferred taxation is recognised in respect of all taxable temporary differences that have originated but not reversed at the year-end
date, where transactions or events that result in an obligation to pay more tax in the future or rights to pay less tax in the future
have occurred at the year-end date.

This is subject to deferred tax assets only being recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the rates
applicable to the legal jurisdictions in which they arise.

Due to the Company’s status as an investment trust company, and its intention to continue to meet the eligibility conditions of
Section 1158 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010 and the ongoing requirements of The Investment Trust (Approved Company) (Tax)
Regulations 2011, the Company has not provided deferred tax in respect of UK corporation tax on any capital gains and losses
arising on the revaluation or disposal of investments. Where appropriate, the Company provides for deferred tax in respect of
overseas taxes on any capital gains arising on the revaluation of investments.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each year-end date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

(g) Investments held at fair value through profit or loss

The Company classifies its equity investments based on their contractual cash flow characteristics and the Company’s business
model for managing the assets. The Company’s business is investing in financial assets with a view to profiting from their total
return in the form of revenue and capital growth. This portfolio of financial assets is managed, and its performance evaluated on a
fair value basis, in accordance with a documented investment strategy, and information about the portfolio is provided internally
on that basis to the Company’s Directors and other key management personnel. Equity investments do not meet the contractual
cash flows test so are measured at fair value. Accordingly, upon initial recognition, all the Company’s non-current asset
investments are held at ‘fair value through profit or loss’. They are included initially at fair value, which is taken to be their cost
excluding expenses incidental to the acquisition.

Subsequently, the investments are valued at ‘fair value’, which is measured as follows:

The fair value of financial instruments at the year-end date is, ordinarily, based on the latest quoted bid price at, or before, the US
market close (without deduction for any of the estimated future selling costs), if the instrument is held in active markets. This
represents a Level 1 classification under IFRS 13. For all financial instruments not traded in an active market or where market
price is not deemed representative of fair value, valuation techniques are employed to determine fair value. Valuation techniques
include the market approach (i.e. using recent arm’s length market transactions adjusted as necessary and reference to the market
value of another instrument that is substantially the same) and the income approach (i.e., discounted cash flow analysis making
use of available and supportable market data as possible).

Gains and losses arising from changes in fair value are included in the net profit or loss for the period as a capital item in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income.

(h) Derivative instruments
When appropriate, permitted transactions in derivative instruments are used. Derivative transactions into which the Company may
enter include written call option contracts. Derivatives are classified as other financial instruments and are initially accounted and
measured at fair value on the date the derivative contract is entered into and subsequently measured at fair value as detailed below.

Options – the quoted traded price for the contract.

Where transactions are used to protect or enhance income, if the circumstances support this, the income and expenses derived are
included in net income in the revenue column of the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Where such transactions are used to
protect or enhance capital, if the circumstances support this, the income and expenses derived are included in gains and losses on
derivative instruments in the capital column of the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Any positions on such transactions open
at the year end are reflected on the Statement of Financial Position at their fair value within current assets or current liabilities.

Option premiums earned from written call options are recognised as revenue in the Statement of Comprehensive Income over the
maturity of the instrument. Option premium income is recognised net of fees or commissions related to option contracts.

The cash collateral related to option contracts is shown in ‘Amounts Held at Brokers’ in the Statement of Financial Position.

(i) Foreign currencies

Transactions involving foreign currencies are translated to sterling (the Company’s functional currency) at the spot exchange rates
ruling on the date of the transactions. Assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated at the rates of exchange at the year-
end date. Foreign currency gains and losses are included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income and allocated as capital or
income depending on the nature of the transaction giving rise to the gain or loss.

(j) Financial instruments

Cash comprises cash in hand and demand deposits. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily
convertible to known amounts of cash that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

Bank loans are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost. They are initially measured as the proceeds net of direct issue
costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost. Interest payable on the bank loans is accounted for on an accrual basis in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income. The amortisation of direct issue costs is accounted for on an accrual basis in the Statement
of Comprehensive Income using the effective interest method.
All financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised (or derecognised) on the date of the transaction using ‘trade date
accounting’.

(k) Share capital and reserves

Equity Share Capital – represents the nominal value of the issued share capital. This reserve is not distributable.

Capital Redemption Reserve – represents the nominal value of shares repurchased and cancelled. This reserve is not distributable.

Capital Reserve – gains and losses on realisation of investments; changes in fair value of investments which are readily
convertible to cash, without accepting adverse terms; realised exchange differences of a capital nature; changes in the fair value of
investments that are not readily convertible to cash, without accepting adverse terms; and the amounts by which other assets and
liabilities valued at fair value differ from their book value are within this reserve. Purchases of the Company’s own shares are
funded from the realised component of the Capital Reserve. The Company’s Articles of Association preclude it from making any
distribution of capital profits by way of dividend. If treasury shares are subsequently cancelled, the nominal value is transferred
out of Equity Share Capital and into the Capital Redemption Reserve.

Special Distributable Reserve – reserve created upon the transfer of the balances of the Share Premium Account and of the Capital
Redemption Reserve in December 2008. This reserve is fully distributable.

Revenue Reserve – represents net income earned that has not been distributed to shareholders. This reserve is fully distributable.

Income recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income is allocated to applicable reserves in the Statement of Changes in
Equity.

2    Income
                                                                                                   2026                                    2025
                                                                                     Revenue        Capital       Total     Revenue        Capital         Total
                                                                                       £’000         £’000        £’000       £’000         £’000          £’000
Dividends(a)
International Dividends                                                                 62,296         1,204 63,500            65,234         3,944      69,178
UK Dividends                                                                                 -             -      -               119             –         119
                                                                                        62,296         1,204 63,500            65,353         3,944      69,297
Derivative Income
Option Income                                                                               905              -       905               -            -            -
                                                                                            905              -       905               -            -            -
Other Income
Bank and Deposit Interest                                                                2,360             - 2,360              5,015             –       5,015
Stock Lending Income                                                                         -             -      -                23             –          23
                                                                                         2,360             - 2,360              5,038             –       5,038
Total                                                                                   65,561         1,204 66,765            70,391         3,944      74,335
 (a)
     The Company received special dividends amounting to £2.8 million (2025: £8.6 million) of which £1.2 million (2025: £3.9 million) was classified as capital and
£1.6 million (2025: £4.7 million) was classified as revenue.

3    AIFM Fee
                                                                                                   2026                                     2025
                                                                                     Revenue       Capital Total             Revenue        Capital       Total
                                                                                       £’000         £’000 £’000               £’000          £’000       £’000
AIFM Fee                                                                                4,547       13,640 18,187               4,792        12,620      17,412

The AIFM fee is paid monthly and based on the month end total net assets of the Company. The previous fee structure applied
prior to 1 July 2024 was 1% of the first £1 billion of net assets, 0.75% of net assets between £1 billion and £2 billion, and 0.50%
of net assets over £2 billion. From 1 July 2025, the AIFM fee applied to the middle band rate for net assets between £1billion and
£2billion was reduced to 0.60%, while the other rate bands remained the same, 1% of the first £1billion of net assets and 0.50% of
net assets over £2billion. This adjustment formed an earlier modification from 1 July 2024 when the AIFM fee was reduced to
0.70% for the same middle rate band.

75% of the annual AIFM fee has been allocated to the capital account.


4    Other Expenses
                                                                                               2026                             2025
                                                                                              £’000                            £’000
Custody Fees                                                                                    523                              502
Marketing Fees                                                                                  403                              352
Directors’ Remuneration                                                                         355                              344
Membership Fees                                                                                 247                              205
Depository Fees                                                                                 198                              169
Broker Fees                                                                                      85                               43
Auditor’s Remuneration
  - Audit of the Annual Financial Statements                                                     57                               56
  - Review of the Half Yearly Report                                                             11                               11
Tax Advisory Fees                                                                               160                              175
Registrar Fees                                                                                   45                              172
Printing and Postage Fees                                                                        24                               23
Other Expenses                                                                                  151                              242
Total                                                                                         2,259                            2,294

5   Finance Costs

                                                                                2026                               2025
                                                                   Revenue      Capital       Total    Revenue     Capital     Total
                                                                     £’000        £’000       £’000      £’000       £’000     £’000
Fixed Term Loan                                                          -            -           -        488       1,257     1,745
Revolving Credit Facility                                              816        2,448       3,264        210         628       838
Bank Overdraft Interest                                                  -            -           -          2           –         2
Total                                                                  816        2,448       3,264        700       1,885     2,585

6   Tax on Ordinary Activities

                                                                                2026                               2025
                                                                   Revenue      Capital        Total   Revenue     Capital Total
                                                                     £’000         £’000       £’000     £’000       £’000 £’000
Irrecoverable Overseas Withholding Tax                                5,206            -       5,206      4,682          – 4,682
Capital Gains Tax Paid                                                    -        4,650       4,650          –      3,306 3,306
Total Current Tax                                                     5,206        4,650       9,856      4,682      3,306 7,988
Capital Gains Tax Provision                                               -      (7,661)     (7,661)          –      5,813 5,813
Total                                                                 5,206      (3,011)       2,195      4,682      9,119 13,801

                                                                                               2026                             2025
                                                                                              £’000                            £’000
Profit Before Taxation                                                                      760,731                          167,497
Theoretical Tax at UK Corporation Tax Rate of 25%                                           190,183                           41,874
Effects of:,
  - Capital Element of Profit                                                              (179,720)                         (29,849)
  - Irrecoverable Overseas Withholding Tax                                                     5,206                            4,682
  - Excess Management Expenses                                                                 3,568                            2,733
  - Overseas Capital Gains Tax Paid                                                            4,650                            3,306
  - Dividends Not Subject to Corporation Tax                                                (13,883)                         (14,543)
  - Movement in Overseas Capital Gains Tax Liability                                         (7,661)                            5,813
  - UK Dividends                                                                                   -                             (30)
  - Overseas Tax Expensed                                                                      (148)                            (185)
Actual Tax Charge                                                                              2,195                           13,801

As at 31 March 2026 the Company had unutilised management expenses and non-trade deficits of £329.3 million carried forward
(2025: £315.5 million). These balances have been generated because a large part of the Company’s income is derived from
dividends which are not taxed. Based on current UK tax law, the Company is not expected to generate taxable income in a future
period in excess of deductible expenses for that period and, accordingly, is unlikely to be able to reduce future tax liabilities by
offsetting these excess management expenses. These excess management expenses are therefore not recognised as a deferred tax
asset of £82.3 million (2025: £78.8 million) based on a prospective corporation tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%).

Movement in Provision for Capital Gains Tax (a)
                                                                                               2026                             2025
                                                                                              £’000                            £’000
Balance Brought Forward                                                                                                 16,276                            10,463
(Credit)/Charge For the Year                                                                                           (3,011)                             9,119
Capital Gains Tax Paid                                                                                                 (4,650)                           (3,306)
Balance Carried Forward                                                                                                  8,615                            16,276
(a)
      A provision for deferred capital gains tax has been recognised in relation to unrealised gains for holdings in India.

7        Earnings per Share

                                                                                                         2026                                  2025
                                                                                         Revenue         Capital   Total            Revenue    Capital Total
                                                                                           £’000           £’000   £’000              £’000      £’000 £’000
Earnings                                                                                  52,733         705,803 758,536             57,923     95,773 153,696

                                                                                                        2026                                   2025
                                                                                         Revenue        Capital         Total       Revenue    Capital    Total
                                                                                           pence          pence         pence         pence      pence    pence
Earnings per Share                                                                           5.39         72.15         77.54           5.41      8.95    14.36

The earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity holders and on the weighted average number of shares in issue,
excluding shares held in treasury, during the year of 978,257,253 (year to 31 March 2025: 1,070,018,105). There were no dilutive
shares in issue during the year (year to 31 March 2025: none).

8        Financial Assets - Investments
                                                                                                                          2026                             2025
                                                                                                                         £’000                            £’000
Opening Investments
Book Cost                                                                                                          1,710,894                         1,740,112
Net Unrealised Gains                                                                                                 291,723                           255,120
Opening Fair Value                                                                                                 2,002,617                         1,995,232
Movements in the Year
Additions at Cost                                                                                                    419,311                           399,390
Disposals Proceeds                                                                                                 (580,983)                         (507,861)
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                                                               721,419                           115,856
                                                                                                                   2,562,364                         2,002,617
Closing Investments
Book Cost                                                                                                          1,709,656                         1,710,894
Net Unrealised Gains                                                                                                 852,708                           291,723
Closing Investments                                                                                                2,562,364                         2,002,617

All investments have been recognised at fair value with gains and losses recorded through the Statement of Comprehensive
Income. Transaction costs for the year on purchases were £511,000 (2025: £404,000) and transaction costs for the year on sales
were £1,110,000 (2025: £879,000). The aggregate transaction costs for the year were £1,621,000 (2025: £1,382,000).

The Company received £580,983,000 (2025: £507,861,000) from investments sold in the year. The book cost of these
investments when they were purchased was £420,549,000 (2025: £428,608,000). These investments have been revalued over
time, and until they were sold, any unrealised gains or losses were included in the fair value of the investments.

                                                                                                                          2026                             2025
                                                                                                                         £’000                            £’000
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value Comprise:
Net Realised Gains on Sale of Investments at Fair Value                                                               160,433                             79,253
Net Movement in Unrealised Gains                                                                                      560,986                             36,603
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                                                                721,419                            115,856

9        Derivative Instruments
                                                                                                                          2026                              2025
                                                                                                                         £’000                             £’000
Net Gains on Derivative Instruments
Net Change in Unrealised Gains on Options                                                                                     105                              -
                                                                                                                              105                              -

                                                                                                                          2026                              2025
                                                                                                                         £’000                             £’000
Derivative Instruments Recognised in the Statement of
Financial Position
Derivative Instruments Liabilities
Options                                                                                             1                                -
                                                                                                    1                                -

10 Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                               2026                              2025
                                                                                              £’000                             £’000
Dividends Receivable                                                                          8,003                             8,153
Overseas Tax Recoverable                                                                          -                               142
Sales Awaiting Settlement                                                                     1,357                                55
Other Debtors                                                                                   178                                24
Total                                                                                         9,538                             8,374

11 Current Payables
                                                                                              2026                                2025
                                                                                             £’000                               £’000
Revolving Credit Facility Payable                                                          110,683                              80,000
AIFM Fee                                                                                     1,740                               1,446
Purchase of Investments for Future Settlement                                                1,328                               1,048
Amounts Owed for Share Buybacks                                                              1,188                                 658
Accrued Expenses                                                                               751                                 487
Interest and Fees on Revolving Credit Facility                                                 488                                 767
Total                                                                                      116,178                              84,406

Revolving credit facility
On 31 January 2025, the Company entered into a £122 million multi-currency unsecured revolving credit facility (the ‘facility’)
for a period of one year with The Bank of Nova Scotia, London Branch, which expired on 30 January 2026. On the same date, the
Company entered into a new multi-currency revolving loan facility with the same entity. This is a rolling agreement with the
option to terminate after one year and commercial terms will be reviewed every three years. Under the terms of the credit facility
the lender has the right to terminate the credit facility within a period of less than 12 months from the reporting date therefore the
bank loans are classified as current liabilities within the Statement of Financial Position.

From 30 January 2026, the commitment fee on unutilised commitments is a flat fee of 0.325% per annum. The previous fee was
0.40% per annum on undrawn balances.

Under the facility balances can be drawn down in GBP, USD or CNH. From 30 January 2026, the interest margin is 0.95% as
follows: USD drawdowns incur interest at 0.95% per annum over the daily secured overnight financing rate (‘SOFR’)
administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, GBP drawdowns incur interest at 0.95% per annum over the daily
sterling overnight index average (‘SONIA’) published by the Bank of England and CNH drawdowns incur interest at 0.95% per
annum over the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (‘HIBOR’) as quoted by the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
Limited. The previous fee structure was 1.10% per annum over the daily SOFR for USD drawdowns, 1.10% per annum over the
daily SONIA for GBP drawdowns and 1.10% per annum over the HIBOR for CNH drawdowns.

Under the terms of the facility, the net assets cannot be less than £1,015 million and the adjusted net asset coverage to all
borrowings cannot be less than 3.5:1.

As at 31 March 2026, £40 million, USD 50 million and CNH 300 million were outstanding loans drawn down from the revolving
credit facility. Facility drawdowns are shown at amortised cost and revalued for exchange rate movements. Any gain or loss
arising from changes in exchange rates is included in the capital reserves and shown in the capital column of the Statement of
Comprehensive Income. Interest costs are charged to capital (75%) and revenue (25%) in accordance with the Company’s
accounting policies.

12 Provisions
                                                                                             2026                                2025
                                                                                            £’000                               £’000
Provision for claims arising from share forfeitures                                           399                                 416
Total                                                                                         399                                 416


13 Equity Share Capital
                                                                                 2026                               2025
Ordinary Shares In Issue                                                £’000           Number              £’000           Number
Opening Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                                     51,241      1,024,828,725           55,741      1,114,818,617
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares                               (3,996)       (79,922,725)          (4,500)       (89,989,892)
Closing Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                                     47,245        944,906,000           51,241      1,024,828,725

                                                                                 2026                               2025
Ordinary Shares Held In Treasury                                        £’000             Number            £’000              Number
Opening Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                                      3,000           60,000,000          5,191           103,825,895
Cancellation of Shares                                                      -                    -        (2,191)          (43,825,895)
Closing Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                                      3,000           60,000,000          3,000            60,000,000
Total Ordinary Shares In Issue and Held In Treasury at the
End of the Year                                                       50,245       1,004,906,000          54,241       1,084,828,725

The Company’s shares (except those held in treasury) have unrestricted voting rights at all general meetings, are entitled to all of
the profits available for distribution by way of dividend and are entitled to repayment of all of the Company’s capital on winding
up.

During the year, 79,922,725 shares were bought back for cancellation at a cost of £166,706,000 (2025: 89,989,892 shares were
bought back for cancellation at a cost of £149,230,200). All shares bought back in the year were cancelled, with none being placed
in treasury (2025: no shares were placed into treasury).

In the prior year, 43,825,895 shares held in treasury were cancelled. Following cancellation, 60,000,000 shares remained in
treasury.

14 Dividends
                                                                            2026                                    2025
                                                                 Rate (pence)              £’000     Rate (pence)                £’000
Declared and Paid in the Financial Year

Dividend on Shares:
Final Dividends for the Years Ended 31 March 2025 and 31
March 2024                                                                3.25            32,513             3.00               32,906
Interim Dividends for the Six-Month Periods Ended 30
September 2025 and 30 September 2024                                      2.00            19,174             2.00               20,981
Total                                                                     5.25            51,687             5.00               53,887
Proposed for Approval at the Company’s AGM
Dividend on Shares:
Final Dividend for the Year Ended 31 March 2026                           3.25            30,492

Dividends are recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive the payment is established. In the case of the final dividend, this
means that it is not recognised until approval is received from shareholders at the AGM. The proposed final dividend of 3.25
pence per share will be funded from the revenue reserve and the payment of this dividend will not threaten the going concern or
viability of the Company.

15 Related Party Transactions

There were no transactions with related parties, other than the fees paid to the Directors and the AIFM during the financial years
ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 respectively, which have a material effect on the results or the financial position of the
Company. Details of fees paid to the Directors and details of the fee paid to the AIFM are included in Note 3.

16 Risk Management

In pursuing the Company’s objective, as set out in the full Annual Report, the Company holds a number of financial instruments
which are exposed to a variety of risks that could result in either a reduction in the Company’s net assets or a reduction in the
profits available for dividends.

The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are investment and concentration risk, market risk (which
comprises market price risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk), liquidity risk and counterparty and credit risk.

The objectives, policies and processes for managing these risks, and the methods used to measure the risks, are set out below.
These policies have remained unchanged since the beginning of the year to which these Financial Statements relate.
Investment and concentration risk

The Company may invest a greater portion of its assets than the benchmark in the securities of one issuer, securities of a particular
country, or securities within one sector. As a result, there is the potential for an increased concentration of exposure to economic,
business, political or other changes affecting similar issues or securities, which may result in greater fluctuation in the value of the
portfolio. Investment risk and a certain degree of concentration risk is a known and necessary effect of the stated investment
approach in line with the investment policy. The Directors regularly review the portfolio composition and asset allocation and
discuss related developments with the Investment Managers. Security, country, and sector concentrations are monitored by the
Manager’s risk and compliance teams on a regular basis and any concerns are highlighted to the Investment Managers for
remedial action and brought to the attention of the Directors.

Market price risk

Market risk arises mainly from uncertainties about future prices of financial instruments held. It represents the potential loss that
the Company might suffer through holding market positions in the face of price movements.

The Directors meet quarterly to consider the asset allocation of the portfolio and to discuss the risks associated with particular
securities, countries or sectors. The Investment Managers select securities in the portfolio in accordance with the investment
policy, and the overall asset allocation parameters described above, and seek to ensure that individual stocks also meet the
intended risk/reward profile.

The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge the investment portfolio against market price risk. However, the
Company invests in derivative instruments, such as written call options, for the purpose of generating additional returns.

100% (2025: 100%) of the Company’s equity investment portfolio comprises securities listed on stock exchanges. The following
market price sensitivity relates solely to these equity investments and excludes derivative positions. If share prices as at 31 March
2026 had decreased by 30% (2025: 30% decrease) with all other variables remaining constant, the Statement of Comprehensive
Income capital return and the net assets attributable to equity shareholders would have decreased by £768,709,000 (2025:
£600,785,000). A 30% increase (2025: 30% increase) in share prices would have resulted in a proportionate equal and opposite
effect on the above amounts, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.

Foreign currency risk

Currency translation movements can significantly affect the income and capital value of the Company’s investments, as the
majority of the Company’s assets and income are denominated in currencies other than sterling, which is the Company’s
functional currency.

The Investment Managers have identified three principal areas where foreign currency risk could affect the Company:
• Movements in rates affect the value of investments and derivative exposures;
• Movements in rates affect short-term timing differences; and
• Movements in rates affect the income received.

The Company does not hedge the sterling value of investments that are priced in other currencies. The Company may be subject to
short-term exposure to exchange rate movements, for instance where there is a difference between the date on which an
investment purchase or sale is entered into and the date on which it is settled.

The Company receives income in currencies other than sterling and the sterling values of this income can be affected by
movements in exchange rates. The Company converts all receipts of income into sterling on or near the date of receipt. However,
it does not hedge or otherwise seek to avoid rate movement risk on income accrued but not received.

The Company’s financial liabilities might comprise positions in derivative instruments in currencies other than its functional
currency.

The fair value of the Company’s items denominated in a foreign currency exposure as at 31 March are shown below:

2026
                                                             Trade, Bank            Total Net     Investments at        Derivative
                            Trade and                             Loans,             Foreign          Fair Value       Instrument
                                Other         Cash at          and Other            Currency            Through             Assets/
                           Receivables        Bank(a)           Payables            Exposure       Profit or Loss      (Liabilities)
Currency                         £’000         £’000                £’000              £’000                £’000             £000
Taiwan dollar                    1,920              -                   -               1,920             590,013                  -
Korean Won                       3,530              -             (1,328)               2,202             549,087                  -
Hong Kong Dollar                    82              -                   -                  82             417,354                (1)
US Dollar                                   1,520       37,911       (37,784)           1,647            235,692                  -
Indian Rupee                                    -            -        (8,615)         (8,615)            190,876                  -
Other                                       2,306        2,999       (33,057)        (27,752)            578,170                  -
Total                                       9,358       40,910       (80,784)        (30,516)          2,561,192                (1)
(a)
      Cash at Bank includes amounts held at brokers.



2025

                                                                 Trade, Bank        Total Net     Investments at     Derivative
                                     Trade and                        Loans,         Foreign          Fair Value    Instrument
                                         Other         Cash at     and Other        Currency            Through          Assets/
                                    Receivables          Bank       Payables        Exposure       Profit or Loss   (Liabilities)
Currency                                  £’000         £’000           £’000           £’000               £’000          £000
Hong Kong Dollar                             51              –               –             51             390,136               -
Taiwan Dollar                             1,165              –          (406)             759             335,133               -
Korean Won                                5,373              –               –          5,373             310,143               -
Indian Rupee                                  –              –       (16,312)        (16,312)             280,837               -
US Dollar                                   889              –          (609)             280             198,907               -
Euro                                          –              –               –              –             132,880               -
Other                                       872            48              (1)            919             352,538               -
Total                                     8,350            48        (17,328)         (8,930)          2,000,574                -


The above tables are based on the currencies in which the shares are denominated rather than the country of listing.

As at 31 March 2026, 64.7% (2025: 70.2%) of investments at fair value through profit or loss shown under US dollar and Hong
Kong dollar exposure relate to Chinese companies whose shares are denominated in those currencies, notwithstanding that the
underlying economic exposure of those businesses is to the Chinese yuan. The total exposure to Chinese yuan was £600.8 million
(2025: £549.3 million), of which £82.6 million (2025: £42.2 million) comprised investments at fair value through profit or loss
denominated in Chinese yuan and included within the ‘Other currencies’ category in the foreign currency exposure table above.

Foreign currency sensitivity
The following table illustrates the foreign currency sensitivity on the revenue and capital return. The revenue return impact
represents the impact on total income (which is mainly comprised of dividend income) had sterling strengthened relative to all
currencies by 10% throughout the year.

The capital return impact represents the impact of the financial assets and liabilities of the Company if sterling had strengthened
by 10% relative to all currencies on the reporting date. With all other variables held constant, the revenue and capital return would
have decreased by the below amounts.

                                                                             2026                             2025
                                                                 Revenue Return Capital Return    Revenue Return Capital Return
                                                                          £’000          £’000             £’000          £’000
Taiwan Dollar                                                             1,041         59,193               888         33,589
Korean Won                                                                  764         55,129               789         31,552
Hong Kong Dollar                                                            190         41,744                72         39,013
US Dollar                                                                    50         23,734                54         19,979
Indian Rupee                                                                193         18,226               243         26,452
Other                                                                     4,082         55,042             4,482         48,633
Total                                                                     6,320        253,068             6,528        199,218

A 10% weakening of sterling against all currencies would have resulted in an equal and opposite effect on the above amounts.

Interest rate risk
The Company is permitted to invest in interest bearing securities. Any change to the interest rates relevant to particular securities
may result in income either increasing or decreasing, or the Investment Managers being unable to secure similar returns on the
expiry of contracts or the sale of securities. In addition, changes to prevailing rates or changes in expectations of future rates may
result in an increase or decrease in the value of the securities held and the interest payable on bank loans when interest rates are
reset.

Interest rate risk profile
The exposure of the financial assets and liabilities to floating interest rate risks at 31 March is shown below:
                                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                                           £’000               £’000
Cash                                                                                                      78,641              75,549
Amounts Held at Brokers                                                                                      235                   -
Revolving Credit Facility                                                                              (110,683)            (80,000)
Net Exposure at Year End                                                                                (31,807)             (4,451)

Exposures vary throughout the year as a consequence of changes in the make-up of the net assets of the Company. Cash balances
are held on call deposit and earn interest at the bank’s daily rate. The Company’s net assets are sensitive to changes in interest
rates on borrowings. There was no exposure to fixed interest investment securities during the year or at the year end.

Interest rate sensitivity
If the above level of cash, amounts held at brokers and revolving credit facility were maintained for a year and interest rates were
100 basis points higher or lower, the net profit after taxation would be impacted by the following amounts:

                                                                      2026                              2025
                                                        100 Basis Points 100 Basis Points 100 Basis Points 100 Basis Points
                                                        Increase in Rate Decrease in Rate Increase in Rate Decrease in Rate
                                                                   £’000            £’000            £’000            £’000
Revenue                                                              512            (512)              555            (555)
Capital                                                            (830)              830            (600)              600
Total                                                              (318)              318             (45)               45

Liquidity risk
The Company’s assets comprise mainly securities listed on the stock exchanges of emerging economies. Liquidity can vary from
market to market and some securities may take a significant period to sell. As a closed ended investment trust, liquidity risks
attributable to the Company are less significant than for an open-ended fund.

The risk of the Company not having sufficient liquidity at any time to meet its obligations associated with financial liabilities is
considered by the Board to be mitigated, given the large number of quoted investments held in the portfolio and the liquid nature
of the portfolio of equity investments.

The Investment Managers review liquidity at the time of making each investment decision and monitor the evolving liquidity
profile of the portfolio regularly.

The below table details the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities as at 31 March 2026, based on the earliest date
on which payment can be required and current exchange rates as at the balance sheet date:

                                              2026                                             2025
                              In One Year     More Than             Total     In One Year or More Than One              Total
                             or Less £’000 One Year £’000            £’000         Less £000      Year £000              £000
Revolving Credit Facility         114,871               -          114,871            84,596              -            84,596
Other Payables                       5,406              -            5,406             4,055              -             4,055
Total                             120,277               -          120,277            88,651              -            88,651

Counterparty and credit risk
Certain transactions in financial instruments that the Company enters into expose it to the risk that the counterparty will not
deliver the investment (purchase) or cash (in relation to sale or declared dividend or derivative instrument contracts) after the
Company has fulfilled its responsibilities. The Company only buys and sells through brokers which have been approved by the
Investment Managers as an acceptable counterparty. Limits are set as to the maximum exposure to any individual broker that may
exist at any time. Total exposure is compared to monetary limits that vary based on the size and creditworthiness of the
counterparty. Counterparty spreads and capital ratios are reviewed periodically. The amounts under trade and other receivables,
amounts held at brokers and cash and cash equivalents shown in the Statement of Financial Position represent the maximum credit
risk exposure at the year end.

The Company has an ongoing contract with its custodian (JPMorgan Chase Bank) for the provision of custody services.

As part of the annual risk and custody review, the Company reviewed the custody services provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank
and concluded that, while there are inherent custody risks in investing in emerging markets, the custody network employed by
TEMIT has appropriate controls in place to mitigate those risks, and that these controls are consistent with recommended industry
practices and standards.
Securities held in custody are held in the Company’s name or to its accounts. Details of holdings are received and reconciled
monthly. Unrestricted cash is actively managed by Franklin Templeton and is typically invested in overnight time deposits in the
name of TEMIT with an approved list of counterparties. Any excess unrestricted cash not invested will remain in a JPMorgan
Chase interest bearing account. There is no significant risk on debtors and accrued income or tax at the year end.

There was no securities lending performed during the year (2025: the Company participated in a securities lending programme
through the year. At 31 March 2025, the market value of the securities on loan and the corresponding collateral received were
both nil.).

Fair value

Fair values are derived as follows:
• Where assets are denominated in a foreign currency, they are converted into the sterling amount using period-end rates of
     exchange;
•        Investments held by the Company on the basis set out in the accounting policies included in Note 1; and
•        Other financial assets and liabilities at the carrying value which is a reasonable approximation of the fair value.

The tables below analyse financial instruments carried at fair value by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as
follows:

Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;

Level 2. Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (prices)
         or indirectly (derived from prices); and

Level 3. Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

The hierarchy valuation of listed investments through profit and derivative instruments is shown below:

                                                                   31 March 2026                                           31 March 2025
                                                           Level 1 Level 2 Level 3                  Total          Level 1 Level 2 Level 3     Total
                                                             £’000   £’000   £’000                  £’000            £’000  £’000    £’000     £’000
Listed Investments                                       2,562,364       -       -              2,562,364        2,002,617       -       - 2,002,617
Derivative Instrument Liabilities                                1       -       -                      1                -       -       -         -

The Company held two Level 3 securities as at 31 March 2026 (31 March 2025: two).

The investments in Russian securities, LUKOIL and Sberbank of Russia, continue to be fair valued at £nil (31 March 2025: £nil)
and are classified as Level 3 due to the inability of the Company to access the local Moscow equity markets and the very limited
access to the over-the-counter market. The fair value of these investments is based on a liquidity discount of 100% to the last
traded price for an exit price of zero.

The following table presents the movement in Level 3 investments for the year ended:

                                                                                                                        31 March 2026            31 March 2025
                                                                                                                                £’000                     £’000
Opening Balance                                                                                                                     -                         –
Additions at Cost – Purchase of Level 3 Assets                                                                                      -                  37,952(a)
Transfer from Level 3 Into Level 1                                                                                                  -                (55,095)(a)
Disposal Proceeds – Sale of Level 3 Assets                                                                                          -                         –
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                                                                              -                   18,122
Net Losses on Foreign Exchange                                                                                                      -                     (979)
Level 3 Closing Balance                                                                                                             -                         –
(a)
      Represents the investment in Swiggy which was acquired during the financial year ended 31 March 2025 and initially classified as Level 3 due to its unlisted
      status. Following an initial public offering and its subsequent listing on 13 November 2024, the holding in Swiggy was transferred from Level 3 to Level 1.


17 Significant Holdings in Investee Undertakings

As at 31 March 2026, TEMIT held 3% or more of the issued class of security in the following portfolio holding whose shares are
admitted to trading.
                                      31 March 2026                                       31 March 2025
                         % of Issued Security Class          Fair Value   % of Issued Security Class Held          Fair Value
 Holding                           Held by TEMIT                   £000                        by TEMIT                  £000
 Haier Smart Home                               3.0              13,029                                 -                   -


18 Contingent Liabilities
No contingent liabilities existed as at 31 March 2026 or 31 March 2025.

19 Contingent Assets
No contingent assets existed as at 31 March 2026 or 31 March 2025.

20 Financial Commitments
No financial commitments existed as at 31 March 2026 or 31 March 2025.

21 Capital Management Policies and Procedures
The Company’s objective is to provide long-term capital appreciation for private and institutional investors seeking exposure to
global emerging markets, supported by a culture of both strong customer service and corporate governance.

The Board monitors and regularly reviews the structure of the Company’s capital on an ongoing basis. This review includes the
investment performance and outlook, discount management mechanisms including share buybacks, gearing and the extent to
which revenue in excess of that which is required to be distributed under the investment trust rules should be retained.

The Company’s investment policy allows borrowing of up to 20% of net assets, measured at the time of borrowing.

As at 31 March 2026, the Company had share capital and reserves of £2,525,585,000 (31 March 2025: £1,985,442,000). The
Company’s policies and procedures for managing capital are consistent with the previous year.

22 Events After the Reporting Period
Between 31 March 2026 and 21 May 2026, the net asset value of the Company rose 26.6% from £2,525,585,000 to
£3,197,527,000 and the cum-income NAV per share rose 27.5% from 267.3p to 340.8p.

Between 1 April 2026 and 21 May 2026, the Company bought back and cancelled 3,312,050 ordinary shares at an average price
of 305.9p per share.

The £40 million and CNH 300 million (equivalent to £33 million at the year-end) outstanding loans matured on 30 April 2026 and
were subsequently rolled over to 30 July 2026.

The proposed final dividend has been disclosed in Note 14.

The statutory accounts for the period ended 31 March 2026 received an audit report which was unqualified, did not include a
reference to any matters to which the Auditors drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying the report, and did not
contain statements under section 498(2) and (3) of the Companies Act 2006, and will be delivered to the Registrar of Companies.

The Annual Report and Accounts will be sent to Shareholders shortly. Copies will be uploaded and available for viewing on the
National Storage Mechanism, copies will also be posted to the website www.temit.co.uk

For further information please e-mail temitcosec@franklintempleton.com
