                                          Stock Exchange Announcement
                                            Statement of Annual Results
                           TEMPLETON EMERGING MARKETS INVESTMENT TRUST PLC
                                          (“TEMIT” or the “Company”)
                                  Legal Entity Identifier 5493002NMTB70RZBXO96

                                        Annual Report and Accounts to 31 March 2025

Introducing TEMIT

Launched in June 1989, Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust plc (‘TEMIT’ or the ‘Company’) is an investment trust
that invests principally in emerging markets companies with the aim of delivering capital growth to shareholders over the long
term. While the majority of the Company’s shareholders are based in the UK, shares are traded on both the London and New
Zealand stock exchanges. From its launch to 31 March 2025, TEMIT’s net asset value (‘NAV’) total return was +4,528.5%
compared to the benchmark total return of +1,781.1%.

The Company is governed by a Board of Directors who are committed to ensuring that shareholders’ best interests, considering
the wider community of stakeholders, are at the forefront of all decisions. Under the guidance of the Chairman, the Board of
Directors is responsible for the overall strategy of the Company and monitoring its performance.


Financial highlights

                             2025          2024        3 Years Cumulative        5 Years Cumulative        10 Years Cumulative
Net Assets Value
Total Return                 8.8%         7.9%                18.3%                     51.1%                     88.0%
(cum-income)(a)
Share Price Total
                            13.3%         4.9%                19.5%                     50.1%                     95.7%
Return(a)
MSCI Emerging
                             5.8%         5.9%                6.5%                      40.8%                     65.5%
Markets Index(a)(b)
Proposed Total
                             5.25p        5.00p               14.80p                    24.40p                    37.07p
Ordinary Dividend(c)

(a) A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.
(b) Source: MSCI. The Company’s benchmark is the MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index.
(c) An annual ordinary dividend of 5.25 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2025 has been proposed. This comprises
    the interim dividend of 2.00 pence per share paid by the Company on 31 January 2025 and the proposed final dividend of
    3.25 pence per share.

Strategic report

The Directors present the Strategic Report for the year ended 31 March 2025, which incorporates the Chairman’s Statement, and
has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

The aim of the Strategic Report is to provide shareholders with the ability to assess how the Directors have performed in their duty
to promote the success of the Company for shareholders’ collective benefit, and having regard for the interests of all stakeholders,
by bringing together in one place key information about the Company’s strategy, the risks it faces, how it is performing and the
outlook.

Financial Summary
2024–2025

                                                                                                Year Ended            Year Ended
                                                                                             31 March 2025         31 March 2024
Net Asset Value Total Return (Cum-Income)(a)                                                          8.8%                  7.9%
Share Price Total Return(a)                                                                          13.3%                  4.9%
MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index Total Return(a)                                           5.8%                  5.9%
Total Net Assets (£ millions)                                                                       1,985.4               2,034.9
Net Asset Value (Pence per Share)                                                                     193.7                 182.5
Share Price (Pence per Share)                                                                         169.6                 154.4
Share Price Discount to Net Asset Value at Year End (a)                                              12.4%                 15.4%
Average Share Price Discount to Net Asset Value Over the Year (a)                                    13.8%                 13.9%
Ordinary Dividend(b) (Pence per Share)                                                                 5.25                  5.00
Revenue Earnings(c) (Pence per Share)                                                                     5.41                  5.18
Net Gearing(a)                                                                                           0.2%                  0.0%
Ongoing Charges Ratio(a)                                                                                0.95%                 0.97%

Source: Franklin Templeton and FactSet.
(a) A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.
(b) An annual ordinary dividend of 5.25 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2025 has been proposed. This comprises
    the interim dividend of 2.00 pence per share (2024: 2.00 pence per share) paid by the Company on 31 January 2025 and a
    proposed final dividend of 3.25 pence per share (2024: 3.00 pence per share).
(c) The revenue earnings per share figures are shown in the Statement of Comprehensive Income and Note 7 of the Notes to the
    Financial Statements.

10 year record
2015-2025

                                                                                                 Annual
                                  Annual                 NAV(a) Share Price(a)                Dividend(a)    Ongoing
                   Total Net     Dividend Buy backs      (Pence       (Pence      Year-End        (Pence     Charges
Year Ended        Assets (£m)        (£m)       (£m) per Share)   per Share) Discount(b) (%) per Share) Ratio(b) (%)
31 March 2015         2,045.0         26.1       24.7     128.2        111.2            13.3        1.65        1.20
31 March 2016         1,562.3         24.1       93.6     104.8          90.8           13.4        1.65        1.22
31 March 2017         2,148.1         23.1       89.4     152.6        132.3            13.3        1.65        1.20
31 March 2018         2,300.8         40.0       72.5     169.2        148.6            12.2        3.00        1.12
31 March 2019         2,118.2         40.2     147.5      168.5        153.2              9.1       3.20        1.02
                                           (c)                                                           (c)
31 March 2020         1,775.7         45.9       69.9     146.5        131.4            10.3        3.80        1.02
31 March 2021         2,591.3         44.9(c)    49.6     219.4        202.4              7.7       3.80(c)     0.97
31 March 2022         2,100.4         44.8        3.6     178.2        156.4            12.2        3.80        0.97
31 March 2023         2,017.5         57.8       29.2     174.1        152.2            12.6        5.00        0.98
31 March 2024         2,034.9         55.4       65.9     182.5        154.4            15.4        5.00        0.97
31 March 2025         1,985.4         54.0(d)  149.2      193.7        169.6            12.4        5.25(d)     0.95

Source: Franklin Templeton and FactSet.
(a) Comparative figures for financial years 2015 to 2021 have been retrospectively adjusted following the sub-division of each
    existing ordinary share of 25 pence into five ordinary shares of 5 pence each on 26 July 2021.
(b) A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.
(c) Excludes the special dividend of 0.52 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2020 and the special dividend of 2.00
    pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2021.
(d) Based on a proposed annual ordinary dividend of 5.25 pence per share for the year ended 31 March 2025. This comprises a
    proposed final dividend of 3.25 pence per share calculated using shares in issue as at 16 May 2025 and the interim dividend
    of 2.00 pence per share paid 31 January 2025.


Chairman’s statement

‘The net asset value ('NAV') total return over the 12 months to 31 March 2025 was +8.8%. The investment managers
deserve congratulation for this performance.’

Angus Macpherson
Chairman

Performance(a)

In the financial year under review, the performance of the TEMIT portfolio was excellent. The net asset value ('NAV') total return
over the 12 months to 31 March 2025 was +8.8%, while the share price total return was +13.3%. By contrast, the benchmark’s
total return was +5.8%. The investment managers deserve congratulation for this performance.

It would be remiss not to comment on the impact of President Trump’s “Liberation Day”, declared two days after the financial
year end. The announcement of the intention to impose widespread tariffs on imports into the United States from most countries
was an unwelcome event creating considerable investor anxiety as a wider range of countries were affected by the proposed tariffs
than had been expected, particularly in Asia.

Subsequently it became clear that China, the largest weighting in the Emerging Markets benchmark, was being singled out in
particular. In last year’s letter I wrote “the Board and Investment Managers believe that China is probably too integrated into the
global economy for economic sanctions to profit any party”. The temporary truce in place at the time of writing supports this
premise.

Both the NAV of the Company and its share price initially fell sharply but have now recovered to similar levels to the year end.

The truce is temporary and tariffs appear to be part of a broader reset of the relationship between the United States and the rest of
the world. This outlook for the portfolio against this backdrop is discussed in greater detail at the end of this letter and in the
manager’s report.

(a) See Glossary of Alternative Performance Measures in the full Annual Report.

Communication with investors

Over the last twelve months, I have spoken with holders of more than half of the Company’s shares and our brokers have also
conducted interviews to solicit views on TEMIT, while the managers have worked to share their actions and insights through
written articles, videos and seminars to ensure existing and prospective investors are fully informed.

The Board continues to explore ways in which demand for TEMIT’s shares could be improved and, to this end, we commissioned
research from independent third parties to obtain the views of both private and professional investors in May 2025. The
shareholders who were interviewed were broadly supportive of the Company in its current form and recognised the very good
investment performance relative to the benchmark. We received a lot of positive feedback on the investment managers’ strategy.
Some shareholders expressed a preference for higher – but still moderate – levels of gearing. Finally, the general lack of demand
for investment trust shares remains an issue and there was widespread support for our efforts to manage the balance of demand
through share buybacks, which is discussed further below.


Share price rating

The Board was very clear in last year’s report that it found the persistence and scale of the discount that the Company’s shares
trade to their underlying NAV unsatisfactory.

We believe that there are three important factors which can narrow the discount: renewed investor enthusiasm for emerging
market equities; a company structure with investment performance that makes it attractive relative to other investment vehicles;
and an enhanced profile through marketing that increases awareness amongst new investors.

In June 2024 we announced a series of measures with the intention of improving liquidity and returns for holders of TEMIT’s
shares. In summary, these were commitments to:

• At least maintain the current level of annual dividend;
• Repurchase up to £200m of shares over the next 12 to 24 months;
• A conditional tender offer, under which TEMIT will tender for up to 25% of its shares if it underperforms its benchmark index
  over five years to March 2029; and
• A phased reduction in AIFM fees.

These measures were intended to make the value proposition of the shares more evident to shareholders and to improve liquidity
for shareholders wishing to buy or sell. The Board’s premise is that whilst there are significant benefits to a closed ended vehicle,
the fact that we are not required to return capital to shareholders does not mean that we may not do so, provided that it does not
compromise the ability of the company to meet its objectives.

Following this announcement, we stepped up the rate of share buybacks and over the year under review around 90 million shares
were bought back, returning £149.2 million to shareholders and in line with the commitment set out above. These buybacks
represented 8.1% of shares in issue on 31 March 2024 and, as all buybacks were at a discount to the prevailing NAV, resulted in
an uplift of 1.16% of NAV per share for remaining shareholders.

As I commented last year, the board does not believe share buybacks narrow discounts other than in the short term; their more
measurable impact is to improve liquidity and to enhance earnings per share. Indeed, the discount remained largely driven by
market forces and there were times when it widened due to very limited demand. I am pleased to report that the share price
discount narrowed from 15.4% at the start to 12.4% at the end of the year under review.

The board is seeking approval from shareholders for the authority to repurchase up to 14.99% of the issued shares over the year
following the AGM and intends to purchase a further £100m-£200m of shares over the next 12 to 24 months, subject of course to
market conditions.

Revenue and dividends
The net revenue profit for the year was 5.41 pence per share. The Company paid an interim dividend of 2.00 pence per share at
the half year stage and the Board is recommending an increased final dividend of 3.25 pence per share, making a total dividend for
the year of 5.25 pence; an increase of 5% compared with the prior year.

Gearing

TEMIT’s previous £100 million fixed rate loan matured and was repaid on 31 January 2025. On that date, the Company entered
into a £122 million multi-currency revolving loan facility with The Bank of Nova Scotia, London branch. The loan facility is
available for 364 days, to 30 January 2026.

The facility provides flexible debt. Drawings may be in sterling, US dollars and offshore renminbi (Chinese Yuan, CNH). The
Company initially drew down £80 million on 31 January 2025. Subsequently, when a £40 million tranche of debt matured at the
end of April this was partly replaced by borrowing CNH300million, equivalent to £30.8 million at the time.

Stewardship and Governance

Since TEMIT was launched over 35 years ago, our Investment Managers have always focused on the corporate governance of
investee companies, which we believe has helped many companies to understand and attract international investors. Over the
years, the level of investor attention on sustainability has grown and investment managers’ broader approach to the stewardship of
investors’ capital and the companies in which they invest has come under increasing scrutiny. The report on this subject is
included in the full Annual Report. For those interested in exploring the subject in more depth, our Investment Managers have in
recent years produced a comprehensive, dedicated Stewardship Report for TEMIT. This year’s report is published simultaneously
with this Annual Report and is available to download at www.temit.co.uk.

As part of an exercise of good corporate governance the Board has undertaken an extensive programme of shareholder tracing
which has reunited a number of shareholders with their holdings. The process has also saved the Company the registration and
serving costs of shareholders who remain unidentified and enabled legal forfeiture and disposal of these shares with the proceeds
donated to a number of charitable institutions.

The Board

Sarika Patel was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 1 January 2025. Simon Jeffreys, the
current Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, will retire from the Board following the conclusion of the Annual General
meeting in July. Following Simon’s retirement, Sarika will take over the role of Chair of the Committee having worked closely
with Simon since her appointment.

Sarika is a Chartered Accountant and has widespread experience in both investment trusts and trading companies. She is Chair of
abrdn Equity Income Trust and chairs the Trust and she is also Chair of Action for Children.

I would like to record thanks on behalf of myself, the Board and the managers for Simon’s exemplary contribution to TEMIT and
his leadership of the audit and risk management function over the last nine years. We wish him well in his current and future
endeavours.

Annual General Meeting

I am pleased to extend an invitation to all shareholders to join us for our AGM on 10 July 2025 at Franklin Templeton’s offices at
78 Cannon Street in London. The meeting will include a presentation by the Investment Managers. We look forward to
welcoming those shareholders who are able to come to the meeting.

Whether or not you intend to attend the meeting in person, you are strongly encouraged to submit your votes on the AGM
resolutions in advance of the meeting. Submitting votes by proxy does not preclude you attending the meeting or changing your
vote if you do subsequently decide to attend the AGM. If you have any questions, please send these by email to
temitcosec@franklintempleton.com or via www.temit.co.uk/investor/contact-us in advance of the meeting. You are also welcome
to use these contact details should you have a question at any other time. Any questions that we receive will be considered and, if
appropriate, responses will be provided on our website www.temit.co.uk.

Outlook

The announcements on “Liberation Day” were shaped long before this year. Some retreat from globalisation and decoupling of
the United States from China was likely whichever party formed the administration after the last election. Those disadvantaged by
the deflationary forces of trade and immigration represent a significant political bloc which cannot be ignored in a democratic
state.

The imposition on the American people of a significant import tax burden, higher consumer goods prices and their consequent
inflationary impact is unlikely to be electorally compelling in the US mid-term elections without some evidence of compensatory
economic benefit. Even if the current propositions prove sustainable, their impact on the US is likely to be much greater than on
their targets’ economies. China’s exports to the United States, for example, are estimated to be less than 3% of its GDP.

We maintain a positive outlook on emerging markets, supported by a combination of improving macro conditions, structural
growth trends, and a shifting geopolitical landscape. The backdrop of lower U.S. interest rates and a weaker dollar creates a more
favourable environment for capital flows and local currency strength across many emerging economies.

It should be borne in mind that the imposition of punitive tariffs on China and other emerging markets is a sign of the economic
strength, not the weakness, of these high growth countries. Having continued investment exposure to them may well turn out to be
even more important than before.

                                                                                                                Angus Macpherson
                                                                                                                         Chairman
                                                                                                                       6 June 2025

The investment managers

TEMIT’s investment management is delegated to Franklin Templeton Investment Management Limited (‘FTIML’) and
Templeton Asset Management Ltd (‘TAML’) (together, the ‘Investment Managers’). Portfolio Managers from FTIML and TAML
form part of the wider Franklin Templeton Emerging Markets Equity group (‘FTEME’). FTEME have managed the portfolio
since TEMIT’s inception and are pioneers in emerging markets equity investing. They bring more than 35 years of experience
along with local knowledge from over 70 investment professionals, based in 13 countries around the world.

The team has a collaborative investment process where all analysts and portfolio managers work together to contribute to
investment returns. They meet regularly, both formally and informally, to debate and exchange ideas, investment themes and
enrich their understanding of the markets by drawing on local insights to build a global perspective and context to their thinking.
They also benefit from the broader resources available throughout Franklin Templeton.

The Portfolio Managers for TEMIT, Chetan Sehgal (lead) and Andrew Ness, are senior executives in FTEME.

Portfolio Managers

Chetan Sehgal
CFA

Chetan is the lead Portfolio Manager of TEMIT and is based in Singapore.

As part of his broader responsibilities within FTEME, Chetan is also the director of portfolio management. In this capacity, he is
responsible for the overall Global Emerging Markets strategies, providing guidance and thought leadership, co-ordinating
appropriate resources and coverage, and leveraging the group’s expertise to add value across products within the strategies.

Chetan joined Franklin Templeton in 1995 from Credit Rating Information Services of India Ltd, where he was a senior analyst.

Chetan holds a B.E. Mechanical (Hons) from the University of Bombay and a postgraduate diploma in Management from the
Indian Institute of Management in Bangalore, where he specialised in finance and business policy and graduated as an institute
scholar. Chetan speaks English and Hindi and is a Chartered Financial Analyst (‘CFA’) Charterholder.

Andrew Ness
ASIP

Andrew Ness is a Portfolio Manager of TEMIT and is based in Edinburgh.

Prior to joining Franklin Templeton in September 2018, Andrew was a Portfolio Manager at Martin Currie. He began his career at
Murray Johnstone in 1994 and worked with Deutsche Asset Management in both London and New York before joining Scottish
Widows Investment Partnership in 2007.

Andrew holds a B.A. (Hons) in Economics and an MSc in Business Economics from the University of Strathclyde in the UK. He
is an Associate Member of the UK Society of Investment Professionals and a member of the CFA Institute.

The investment managers’ report

Outlook for emerging markets

In our Half-Yearly Report to 30 September 2024, we wrote that we have emerged from a volatile period in which worries about
economic recession dominated investor sentiment. With the benefit of hindsight, what we experienced were ebbs and flows in
what was perceived as volatility, and there will be more uncertainty for the foreseeable future.
Following US President Trump’s ‘Liberation Day’ announcement of tariffs in April 2025, global equity markets have faced
considerable turbulence.

We believe that the United States has three key objectives: to raise money to fund its deficit and restore the credibility of its
financial systems, to add critical manufacturing capacity in the United States and to contain China. Whilst most countries are
likely to negotiate and help the United States to achieve some of these objectives, there remains significant uncertainty on how
this incipient trade war will pan out.

Tariffs, if implemented for an extended period would lead to slower economic growth and inefficiencies globally. Tariffs have
also put into question the United States’ exceptionalism. Investors may look to diversify away from the US which would also put
pressure on the dollar. Valuations in EMs are also generally supportive. In tandem, valuations, currency and fund inflows should
act as tailwinds for EMs.

In our view as long-term investors, we balance uncertainty with optimism in pockets of our investable universe. We continue to
remain overweight on equities in Latin America; and in particular, Mexico and Brazil, as the region has been spared from the
harshest tariffs. Mexico will also benefit due to its geographical proximity to the United States. The outlook for Brazilian equities
looks to be on the mend as we expect Brazil to eventually reduce interest rates.

Slower global growth from tariffs and increased oil output from OPEC+ would likely result in an easing of energy prices. We
remain underweight on the Middle East, due to its reliance on oil prices for economic growth.

Emerging Asia has its own strengths, which could help to buffer the negative impacts of tariffs. AI remains a strong growth area
despite concerns on the monetisation of AI. This should be beneficial for South Korea and Taiwan, which are home to several
large semiconductor companies which are key to driving the development of AI. This has flowed through to Chinese internet
companies, which have benefitted as they progress with AI.

China is attempting to minimise the risks inherent in geopolitical tensions by keeping up with its policy support for its economy.
While tariffs could further impact growth, valuations are supportive. Our approach towards Chinese equities is selective and our
key holdings in internet companies give us a degree of comfort through their cash flows and shareholder returns, notwithstanding
their growth potential resulting from AI developments.

India is probably better relatively positioned because of its large domestic market and limited dependence on trade exports. In
addition, there no tariffs on services including the information technology sector. However, the recent escalation in tension
between India and Pakistan has further added to global geopolitical uncertainty. Balancing what seems like a positive view on
India is our selective approach as we maintain a watchful eye on valuations.

Reciprocal tariffs have been deferred and this provides a window of opportunity for trade negotiations. Most countries should be
able to negotiate a trade deal, balancing between their national objectives and the demands of the United States.

Conclusion

While we do not know the exact impact of tariffs thus far, the portfolio is well positioned geographically, with an overweight
positioning in Latin America and underweight positioning in the Middle East. The impact of tariffs on individual portfolio
holdings will be clear only after the final tariff rates are announced.

The macroeconomic environment has been, and remains, decidedly tricky and intertwined with a multitude of headwinds and
risks.

We have built considerable expertise in the emerging market equity asset class, which has guided us to outperform in a complex
environment; and we hope that we have shown this throughout the course of this report. We continue to abide by our investment
approach and seek opportunities across equity markets, focusing on companies that, in our assessment, have long-term earnings
power. We find that this is especially crucial in the current circumstances.

Review of performance(a)

Emerging markets (‘EMs’) advanced over the 12 months ended 31 March 2025. While this may be interpreted positively, the year
was marked by volatility and was a challenging period for equity investing. We credit our investment approach to steering the
performance of TEMIT to deliver returns that were superior to the benchmark. Our investment philosophy is anchored in a
bottom-up process to finding companies that our analysis indicates have sustainable earnings power and whose shares trade at a
discount relative to their intrinsic worth. The MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index returned 5.8% in the 12-month
period under review, while TEMIT delivered a net asset value total return of 8.8% (all performance figures are net total return in
sterling terms)(b). Full details of TEMIT’s performance can be found in the full Annual Report.

Three macro themes have triggered price movements:
Elections: Several EM countries such as India, Indonesia, Mexico, South Africa and Thailand held elections. Equities in India and
Mexico fluctuated around the times of their elections. While Indian equities benefited as the incumbent prime minister won the
elections and gave rise to expectations of policy continuity, elections in Mexico posed a drag on the prices of Mexican equities as
the strong victory of its ruling party caught investors by surprise. This led to concerns over the potential for anti-market reforms.
As the new United States President came into power concerns were raised over the potential imposition of import tariffs and the
move by the United States government to become more isolationist and protectionist, which caused broad-based declines across
markets. Volatility increased sharply immediately after our financial year-end and is discussed under Outlook below.

Artificial intelligence (‘AI’); this investment theme was disrupted by concerns over the ability of companies to convert potential
into profitable business over the long term and then by the emergence of lower cost alternative approaches in China. These factors
led to increased volatility in the share prices of companies which had been seen to be beneficiaries of AI.

Geopolitics; these concerns remained a mainstay, where the conflict between Israel and Hamas militants and that between Russia
and Ukraine continued unabated. EM equities could not escape pressures from concerns over a recession in the United States.
However, the US Federal Reserve’s eventual interest rate cut infused a bout of optimism globally, including in EMs.

By region as measured by the MSCI Emerging Markets Index, all regions advanced save for Latin America. The reasons behind
each country’s equity market performance are detailed below for TEMIT’s largest-weighted country exposures.

(a) All benchmark performance as per the MSCI Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index.
(b) See Glossary of Alternative Performance Measures in the full Annual Report.

China/Hong Kong

TEMIT’s largest market exposure, although the portfolio remained underweight relative to the benchmark. Chinese equities rose
by over 37% in sterling terms over the 12-month period. This outperformance was supported by the government’s policies to
boost the country’s economic growth and equity market. The government announced measures that encompassed a programme for
share buybacks and a swap facility to shore up the equity market. The release of Chinese startup DeepSeek’s AI models, which
have been reported to be on a par with or better and cheaper than other AI models, sparked a wave of interest in Chinese equities.
Investors were impressed by China’s ability to innovate despite efforts by the US to limit the development of sophisticated
technology in the country. The Chinese government’s renewed focus on technology as tabled in its government work plan
announced in March 2025 and the President’s high-profile meeting with some of the biggest names in China’s technology sector
were viewed as signs of support for the sector and sent technology stock prices even higher. Our approach towards Chinese
equities continues to be selective. Whilst policy support has resulted in a return of investor interest, we are sceptical of the benefits
of these policies in the longer term. Reviewing the macroeconomic background, we have not yet observed any meaningful change
in demand; and the declining and ageing population remains a key structural challenge. Our Chinese exposure is largely to internet
companies. Notwithstanding their growth potential from AI developments, Chinese internet companies give us an additional
degree of comfort through their cash flows and shareholder returns.

Taiwan

TEMIT’s second-largest market exposure, where the portfolio was weighted on par versus the benchmark. The Taiwanese equity
market performed satisfactorily and ended the 12-month period with a gain of over 2% in sterling terms. Expectations of higher
earnings growth bolstered by AI lifted performance earlier in the period. This optimism was offset to an extent by uncertainties
around monetisation of AI investments. Investment sentiment soured thereafter as investors braced for US tariffs. The portfolio’s
exposure to the country is concentrated in the island’s semiconductor industry and TEMIT’s largest portfolio holding, which is in
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (‘TSMC’). TSMC, despite its dominance in the semiconductor industry, is not
immune to trade uncertainties. The company announced plans to increase its investment in the US amid tariff concerns. Using a
longer-term lens, we remain positive on the semiconductor industry and believe that AI will continue to experience strong growth,
which should benefit semiconductor companies as they make up a key component of the AI supply chain. Beyond AI,
semiconductors are essential components used in a myriad of industries. We maintain a positive long-term view on both Taiwan’s
semiconductor industry and TSMC.

South Korea

TEMIT’s third-largest market exposure, where the portfolio was overweight versus the benchmark. South Korean equities lost just
under 23% in sterling terms during the reporting period, as the technology-heavy market struggled with near-term oversupply in
the electronic memory market. Investor confidence in South Korean equites eroded over domestic political uncertainties,
following declaration and subsequent lifting of Martial Law by the President in December 2024. The Korean won devalued. The
market struggled as optimism on AI, which should benefit memory chips, was dampened by slowing demand growth for legacy
memory products. The market decline was driven by the country’s most valuable company, Samsung Electronics, as its share
price was pressured over concerns of the company’s perceived loss of technological leadership. We expect the supply-demand
imbalance for memory chips to improve driven by supply tightness and demand for chips for the development of AI applications.
Our overweight position in South Korea includes companies that are positioned to capture longer-term structural growth drivers in
the form of semiconductors and artificial intelligence (Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix), the green transition (Samsung SDI
and LG Corp) and dominant internet search platform integrating e-commerce, payments and digital content (NAVER).
India

TEMIT’s fourth-largest market exposure. This was an equity market which saw tides change repeatedly in a relatively short
period. First half gains were offset by second half losses to end the period flat. Indian equities started the first half of the period
with an advance of more than 11% (in sterling terms), benefitting from positive economic data and expectations of policy
continuity from the incumbent prime minister Narendra Modi’s coalition party. The positive backdrop did not last for long and
investment sentiment soured in the second half of the period with returns flat over the full 12-month period. Corporate earnings
for the second and third quarters of the 2025 fiscal year were below investor expectations and gave rise to concerns on a probable
growth slowdown. A slowdown in consumption was also experienced. While valuations are still a concern for us, recalling that
our investment approach hinges on finding companies whose shares according to our analysis trade at a discount relative to their
intrinsic worth, we continue to see attractive opportunities in India. While the country is one of TEMIT’s largest absolute
weighting allocations, it is still underweight relative to the benchmark.

Brazil

TEMIT’s fifth-largest market exposure with equities in Brazil finishing the reporting period with losses of more than 15%.
Defying the trajectory of most other central banks, Brazil started to raise interest rates to control the country’s level of inflation as
well as to protect its currency. We believe that the interest rate hikes should be a short-term phenomenon and rates should
converge with the global interest rate cycle in due course.

Other Emerging Markets

There were initial signs of abatement in geopolitical conflicts which proved positive for emerging EMEA equities, but as of end of
March 2025, these negotiations had stalled. South Africa’s equity market experienced a rally following the country’s elections.
President Cyril Ramaphosa won a second successive term and formed a coalition government.

The Mexican equity market declined following the country’s elections. Concerns regarding anti-market reforms and the signing of
a controversial judicial reform into law pressured Mexican equities. Uncertainties on US tariffs also led to some market volatility
towards the end of the period.

Investment strategy, portfolio changes and performance attribution

The following sections show how different investment factors (stocks, sectors and countries) accounted for TEMIT’s performance
over the 12-month period. We continue to emphasise our investment process that selects companies based on their individual
attributes and ability to generate risk- adjusted returns for investors, rather than taking a high-level view of sectors, countries or
geographic regions to determine our investment allocations.

Full details of our investment process, philosophy and approach are detailed in the full Annual Report.

Our well-resourced, locally based, teams remain a key competitive advantage and it has been particularly helpful having teams on
the ground, in the benchmark-heavyweight countries of China, India and Brazil, to help us better understand these markets. This
local presence allows us to understand business models, competitive dynamics and supply-chain issues. We have also managed to
get insights into regulatory conversations and management capabilities, which are factored into our analysis. We view our locally
based teams, which are armed with vast knowledge of the respective countries’ macroeconomic issues and views on the ground,
as vital sources of input into the investment process. This complements our global presence, which allows us to analyse short-term
uncertainties and determine if these are reflective of cyclical or structural trends.

In the portfolio, we remain positioned in long-term themes including consumption premiumisation, digitalisation, health care and
technology. We focus on companies reflecting our philosophy of owning good quality businesses, with long-term sustainable
earnings power and share prices at a discount to intrinsic worth. We see high levels of leverage as a risk and continue to avoid
companies with weak balance sheets.


Performance Attribution Analysis %

Year to 31 March
                                                                        2025           2024           2023           2022           2021
Net Asset Value Total Return(a)                                           8.8            7.9            0.8         (17.3)           54.5
Expenses Incurred                                                         0.9            1.0            1.0            1.0            1.0
Gross Total Return(a)                                                     9.7            8.9            1.8         (16.3)           55.5
Benchmark Total Return(a)                                                 5.8            5.9          (4.9)          (7.1)           42.3
Excess return(a)                                                          3.9            3.0            6.7          (9.2)           13.2
Stock Selection                                                           2.7            0.3            7.3         (10.2)            6.0
Sector Allocation                                                         1.6            2.1          (0.4)            0.8            6.5
Currency                                                                (0.7)            0.3          (0.2)            0.2            0.6
Share Buyback Impact                                                    1.2            0.5            0.2            0.0           0.3
Residual Return(a)                                                    (0.9)          (0.2)          (0.2)              –         (0.2)
Total Contribution                                                      3.9            3.0            6.7          (9.2)          13.2

Source: FactSet and Franklin Templeton.
(a)      A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.

This table sets out the results of a detailed analysis of the returns produced by the TEMIT portfolio, how this compares with the
theoretical returns available from the benchmark index and factors affecting the comparison with the returns of the benchmark
index.

Top 10 Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Security (%) (a)

                                                                Contribution to                                  Contribution to
                                                               portfolio relative                               portfolio relative
                                                            to MSCI Emerging                                 to MSCI Emerging
                           Top Contributors                      Markets Index      Top Detractors                Markets Index
Overweight                 Prosus                                             1.3   Samsung SDI                              (1.2)
(TEMIT holds more than the Alibaba                                            1.3   LG Corp                                  (0.8)
index weight)              Genpact                                            0.9   Samsung Electronics                      (0.7)
                           China Merchants Bank                               0.7   Grupo Financiero Banorte                 (0.7)
                           Discovery                                          0.7   Samsung Life Insurance                   (0.4)
                           Kasikornbank                                       0.5   Soulbrain                                (0.4)
                           Uni-President China                                0.4   Banco Bradesco                           (0.4)
                           ICICI Bank                                         0.4
                           WuXi Biologics                                     0.4
Underweight                Reliance Industries                                0.5   Xiaomi                                       (0.9)
(TEMIT has no holding or a                                                          China Construction Bank                      (0.4)
holding smaller than the                                                            BYD                                          (0.4)
index weight)

(a) For the period 31 March 2024 to 31 March 2025.

This table sets out the results of a detailed analysis of the returns produced by individual securities in the TEMIT portfolio, and
how this has affected the overall returns produced by the portfolio compared with theoretical returns available from the
benchmark index.

An off benchmark holding in Prosus served the portfolio well. Prosus is a leading global investment company and the largest
shareholder of Tencent (also held directly by TEMIT), a Chinese technology company. The company also has investments in
several food delivery platforms in different parts of the world. Its share price tracked that of Tencent’s stock, which rose on the
company’s release of its earnings results for several quarters, a slew of stimulus measures in China and investor enthusiasm for
China’s technology companies after breakthroughs in China’s AI capabilities. Regular buybacks also aided the performance of
Prosus in the period.

Also finishing higher over the 12-month period were shares of Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba. Its share price received
support from investor expectations that the company could be included in the Hong Kong Stock Connect in late 2024 (which
eventually happened), and that the company’s new strategy to charge merchant service fees could potentially boost its revenue.
China’s stimulus measures to boost the country’s economy and equity market, Alibaba’s strong December quarter results
announcement and the company’s optimism and commitment to invest in AI boosted share price returns as well. Alibaba remains
a key holding in the portfolio’s China exposure. The company continues to generate strong cash flows, in our assessment, and we
expect share-price appreciation to be supported by corporate actions, including share buybacks.

Another stock that the portfolio held outside of the index is Genpact, a US-listed technology services company that derives much
of its earnings from services provided from India. Its share price rose on consistently strong earnings results for the last three
quarters of 2024. The fourth-quarter results showed improved execution and progress on its strategic initiatives.

South Korea-based Samsung SDI is a leading manufacturer of lithium-ion batteries for electric vehicles (‘EVs’), energy storage,
power tools and information technology products. Its share price declined due to its weak quarterly results. Utilisation of its key
plants has been impacted by weak demand as well as loss of market share with its key clients. Concerns of a reduction in US tax
credits under the new US Government also pressured its share price. The company also announced a rights issue to fund its capital
expenditure plan. Fundamentals deteriorated significantly and the share price reacted accordingly. While the near term looks
challenging, the company also owns a meaningful stake in Samsung Display, a manufacturer of OLED (organic light emitting
diode) panels, and any monetisation there should help to crystallise value.

LG Corp is a South Korean holding company and owns stakes in several companies across various industries including
electronics, chemicals, electric vehicle (‘EV’) batteries and household products. LG Corp’s share performance has been impacted
by weak earnings for its key holdings. By way of example, LG Chem, an associate of LG Corp, reported weak results due to a
sluggish petrochemical sector, as well as slower-than-expected growth for the EV sector. Its share price continues to trade at
significant discount to its net asset value (NAV). The company has been buying back shares, which should help narrow the
discount to its NAV.

Samsung Electronics is one of the largest semiconductor memory manufacturers in the world. It also manufactures a wide range
of consumer and industrial electronics and equipment. The company reported tepid results, which were impacted by a weaker
memory cycle as well as a low share in high-margin high bandwidth memory (‘HBM’). The company seems to have lost its
technological leadership in the memory segment and is lagging in the advanced chips being used for AI servers. Nonetheless, it
remains one of the key companies in the highly consolidated memory market and should benefit from the rise in demand for
memory products which has been further accentuated by growth in AI models.


Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Sector (%) (a)

                                                                   Contribution to                              Contribution to
                                                                  portfolio relative                           portfolio relative
                                                               to MSCI Emerging                             to MSCI Emerging
                                Top Contributors                    Markets Index Top Detractors                 Markets Index
Overweight                      Consumer Discretionary                           1.7 Information Technology                 (1.7)
(TEMIT holds more than the      Financials                                       0.6
index weight)                   Industrials                                      0.3
Underweight                     Consumer Staples                                 1.1 Communication Services                 (0.4)
(TEMIT has no holding or        Energy                                           0.8
a holding smaller than the      Health Care                                      0.4
index weight)                   Materials                                        0.4
                                Utilities                                        0.2
                                Real Estate                                      0.1

(a) For the period 31 March 2024 to 31 March 2025.

The table above shows the contribution of the overall portfolio returns of the different sectors within the TEMIT portfolio relative
to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.

Stock selection in the consumer discretionary, consumer staples and energy sectors were key drivers of these sectors’ relative
contribution, but allocations played a supporting role in boosting TEMIT’s performance relative to the benchmark index during
the 12-month period under review. Our bottom-up stock-picking process led to a slight overweight in consumer discretionary, and
underweight exposures to consumer staples and energy. Within the consumer discretionary sector, Alibaba and Prosus (both
described above) are examples of companies that aided relative returns. The contribution from the consumer staples sector was
partially driven by our holding in Uni-President China, a manufacturer and retailer of beverages and instant noodles. Its share
price received several boosts in the year, including from its full-year 2024 results where earnings growth proved steady.

In contrast, stock selection and allocations in the information technology (overweight) and communication services
(underweight) sectors proved slightly detrimental for TEMIT’s relative performance. The information technology sector was
driven lower by holdings in Samsung SDI and Samsung Electronics (both described above). A lack of exposure to China-based
consumer electronics, software and hardware designer Xiaomi weighed on TEMIT’s performance relative to the sector. The
weakness in the communication services sector was partially due to TEMIT’s holding in NAVER, a South Korean internet search
and advertising company with additional business interests in e-commerce, financial services and entertainment content. The share
price weakened as a result of a combination of factors including weaker growth in the market, competition for both its
advertisement and e-commerce business, an underwhelming response to its generative AI technology and uncertainty around
benefits from AI investments. The company suffered a data leak in its messaging application Line in Japan and the potential
implications of this also pressured the share price. While the company’s share price recovered on the back of its third- and fourth-
quarter 2024 earnings results, which marked better growth in advertising revenue and an improvement in cost controls, the stock
still ended with a decline for the period.

Contributors and Detractors to Relative Performance by Country (%) (a)

                                                                    Contribution to                               Contribution to
                                                                 portfolio relative to                         portfolio relative to
                                                                   MSCI Emerging                                 MSCI Emerging
                                 Top Contributors                    Markets Index Top Detractors                  Markets Index
Overweight                       Taiwan                                            1.5 South Korea                             (3.1)
(TEMIT holds more than the index United States                                     0.8 Brazil                                  (0.2)
weight)                                                                                Hungary                                 (0.1)
Underweight                      India                                             2.6 United Arab
(TEMIT has no holding or a                                                             Emirates                                  (0.2)
holding smaller than the index   China/Hong Kong                                   0.7 Poland                                    (0.1)
weight)                          Indonesia                                         0.5

(a)      For the period 31 March 2024 to 31 March 2025.
The table above shows the contribution of the overall portfolio returns by country relative to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.

By markets, stock selection and allocations in India (underweight) and Taiwan (overweight) added to a positive contribution
from stock selection in China. Our selective approach in India resulted in TEMIT owning several holdings in the financials sector
that proved accretive, namely private sector banks ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, and investment holding company Bajaj Holdings
& Investment. Once again, TSMC aided relative returns in Taiwan. In China, Prosus and Alibaba were leading contributors.

Conversely, overweight allocations in both South Korea and Brazil led these markets to be among the top detractors from
relative returns. Stock selection in South Korea also pressured the portfolio’s relative performance. Samsung Electronics, LG
Corp and Samsung SDI were key drivers of the portfolio’s lacklustre performance in South Korea. In Brazil, the share prices of
TEMIT’s holdings in banks Banco Bradesco and Itaú Unibanco led detractions as they moved in tandem with the performance of
the general Brazilian equity market. The United Arab Emirates was also a relative detractor, largely due to stock selection.

Top 10 Holdings
As at 31 March 2025
                                                                                     Portfolio      Benchmark Over/(Under)
Holding                                                                              £’000       %          %    weight %
TSMC                                                                               229,057     11.4        8.6         2.8
The world’s largest semiconductor foundry company, which is based in
Taiwan. Optimism regarding the growth potential from AI and a recovery in
the demand for technology products have been moderated by uncertainty
about US policies, reports that TSMC might have to take a stake in Intel’s
factories, and its increased investment in the United States. TSMC still
remains a key portfolio holding. Encouraged by the structural growth in
demand for computing and the company’s technology leadership, we remain
confident in the resilience of the TSMC business model.
ICICI Bank                                                                         105,274     5.3            1.1             4.2
A leading India-based private sector bank and the portfolio’s second-largest
holding. Its share price has seen sustained appreciation over the past years and
the bank has been a key contributor to overall fund performance. This
highlights the value of our longer-term, fundamentally driven investment
process, which we continue to employ. We believe that the bank, with its
strong franchise, remains well positioned to benefit from the India growth
story.
Prosus                                                                              98,029     4.9             –              4.9
A leading global investment company and the largest shareholder of Tencent,
a Chinese technology company. We see Prosus as a good proxy for Tencent
exposure and is available at a discount to its NAV. Besides Tencent, Prosus
has a diversified portfolio of internet assets in areas such as food delivery,
payment, education technology, e-commerce. Management’s efforts to narrow
the share price discount to NAV via share buybacks should also support
returns.
Alibaba                                                                             93,128     4.7            3.4             1.3
The leading e-commerce company in China. While intensified competition
and a weak economy have impacted the growth outlook for its e-commerce
business, its other businesses such as cloud, fintech, local commerce and
international e-commerce have significant potential, in our view. We believe
that these could offer either growth opportunities or the possibility for
improvements in profitability. The share price had experienced a significant
derating over the past couple of years, but its initial success in AI and plans
for large investments in AI has sparked investor optimism. While this should
drive growth, cash flows could be weaker in the near term. The company has
a strong share buyback policy. We expect returns from here to be supported
by such corporate actions.
Samsung Electronics                                                                 75,492     3.8            2.4             1.4
One of the largest memory semiconductor manufacturers in the world, based
in South Korea. It also manufactures a wide range of consumer and industrial
electronics and equipment. The relatively weak share price reflects concerns
around the company’s loss of technology leadership. Nonetheless, it remains
one of the key companies in the highly consolidated memory market, and
should benefit from the rise in demand for memory products which has been
further accentuated by growth in AI models.
SK Hynix                                                                            66,433     3.3            0.9             2.4
A South Korean semiconductor company and a maker of memory chips used
globally across a wide range of solutions. The company is the industry leader
in HBM chips, which are expected to see strong demand growth for AI
applications. We continue to maintain our conviction, largely due to its
leadership position in the latest generation of the HBM market.
Tencent                                                                             64,692      3.2          5.3          (2.1)
The largest gaming, communication and social entertainment platform in
China. It has a major presence in online games, digital advertising, video,
music and live-streaming, fintech, and other businesses such as cloud
computing. We believe that the company should be a key beneficiary of AI
across its business segments. Tencent also has significant public and private
investments in China and globally. Trading at an attractive valuation, the
company has been proactively undertaking share buybacks, which further
enhances its earnings per share.
HDFC Bank                                                                           58,225      2.9          1.5            1.4
India’s leading private sector bank. It offers a wide range of banking services
across retail banking, home loans and mortgages, and wholesale/corporate
banking. HDFC Bank is a clear leader among Indian private sector banks with
a strong liability franchise, market leadership across multiple retail asset
categories and a comprehensive approach to digitalisation. It is well-
positioned to benefit from the anticipated acceleration in credit growth and the
increasing share of financial assets in household savings in India.
MediaTek                                                                            56,951      2.9          0.8            2.1
MediaTek is a Taiwan-based chip designer for smartphones and other
technology devices. These devices include televisions, wireless
communications and optical storage. MediaTek has a solid position in mobile
computing chips and we believe that it should benefit from growth in demand
for chips from IoT (‘Internet of Things’), automotive, industrial, and wi-fi
applications. Its partnership with Nvidia (not a portfolio holding) to provide
advanced automotive chips integrating Nvidia’s graphic processors as well as
opportunities in enterprise application specific chips should drive additional
growth.
Petrobras                                                                           50,502      2.5          0.4            2.1
Petrobras is a Brazilian energy company engaged in the exploration,
production, and distribution of oil and gas. The company is recognised
worldwide for its oil exploration technology in ultra-deep waters. With the
unpredictability in oil prices, our investment in Petrobras hinges on its
proactive policy of returning cash to shareholders. It remains our top pick in
the oil and gas industry, given its large cash generation and high dividend
yield.

Portfolio Changes by Country
                                                                                         Total Return in Sterling
                                                                                                            MSCI
                                                                                                        Emerging
                        31 March 2024                            Market 31 March 2025                     Markets
Country                Market Value £m Purchase £m Sales £m Movement £m Market Value £m TEMIT %           Index %
China/Hong Kong                     490         129    (243)         173             549        42.3           37.2
Taiwan                              358           8     (63)          32             335         9.5            2.3
South Korea                         426         110     (88)       (116)             332      (25.0)         (22.6)
India                               247          76     (70)          40             293        14.8          (0.4)
Brazil                              186          23      (1)        (36)             172      (10.8)         (15.4)
United States                        62           4     (12)          18              72        28.3              –
Thailand                             49          11      (1)           5              64        14.2          (6.8)
South Africa                         20          13      (3)          16              46        49.8           25.8
Mexico                               48          13        –        (18)              43      (30.7)         (22.4)
Hungary                              30           1      (5)           –              26         1.4           31.0
Others                               79          11     (21)           2              71           –              –
Total Investments                 1,995         399    (507)         116           2,003

Portfolio by Fair Value

Holding                                                                               Sector    Fair Value £’000 % of Portfolio
Brazil
Petrobras(a)                                                                          Energy             50,502             2.5
Itaú Unibanco(a)(b)                                                                Financials            38,030             1.9
Banco Bradesco(a)(b)                                                               Financials            26,910             1.4
Vale                                                                                Materials            20,720             1.0
TOTVS                                           Information Technology      10,414    0.5
XP                                                           Financials      9,657    0.5
Hypera                                                      Health Care      8,577    0.4
Oncoclinicas do Brasil Servicos Medicos                     Health Care      7,141    0.4
                                                                           171,951    8.6
Cambodia
NagaCorp                                        Consumer Discretionary       3,684    0.2
                                                                             3,684    0.2
Chile
Banco Santander Chile(b)                                      Financials    20,319    1.0
                                                                            20,319    1.0
China/Hong Kong
Prosus                                          Consumer Discretionary      98,029    4.9
Alibaba(c)                                      Consumer Discretionary      93,128    4.7
Tencent                                         Communication Services      64,692    3.2
China Merchants Bank                                         Financials     38,371    1.9
Techtronic Industries                                        Industrials    35,988    1.8
Budweiser Brewing Company APAC                        Consumer Staples      31,587    1.6
Baidu                                           Communication Services      24,136    1.2
Ping An Insurance                                            Financials     22,603    1.1
Kuaishou Technology                             Communication Services      20,228    1.0
WuXi Biologics                                              Health Care     19,525    1.0
NetEase                                         Communication Services      18,274    0.9
Weichai Power                                                Industrials    17,728    0.9
Uni-President China                                   Consumer Staples      15,472    0.8
Haier Smart Home                                Consumer Discretionary      12,858    0.6
JD.com                                          Consumer Discretionary       8,240    0.4
Daqo New Energy(b)                              Information Technology       7,501    0.4
COSCO SHIPPING Ports                                         Industrials     6,193    0.3
H&H Group                                             Consumer Staples       5,042    0.2
Beijing Oriental Yuhong Waterproof Technology                 Materials      3,780    0.2
Greentown Service Group                                     Real Estate      3,360    0.2
Weifu High-Technology                           Consumer Discretionary       2,229    0.1
China Resources Building Materials Technology                 Materials        331    0.0
                                                                           549,295   27.4
Hungary
Gedeon Richter                                              Health Care     23,706    1.2
Wizz Air Holdings                                            Industrials     2,043    0.1
                                                                            25,749    1.3
India
ICICI Bank                                                   Financials    105,274    5.3
HDFC Bank                                                    Financials     58,225    2.9
Swiggy                                          Consumer Discretionary      37,873    1.9
Infosys                                         Information Technology      18,179    0.9
Federal Bank                                                 Financials     15,595    0.8
Zomato                                          Consumer Discretionary      13,862    0.7
ReNew Energy Global                                            Utilities    12,307    0.6
Bajaj Holdings & Investment                                  Financials     11,343    0.5
ACC                                                           Materials      9,155    0.4
Brigade Enterprises                                         Real Estate      5,758    0.3
Niva Bupa Health Insurance                                   Financials      3,851    0.2
NATCO Pharma                                                Health Care      1,425    0.1
Hexaware Technologies                           Information Technology         297    0.0
                                                                           293,144   14.6
Indonesia
Astra International                                          Industrials    11,460    0.6
                                                                            11,460    0.6
Mexico
Grupo Financiero Banorte                                    Financials      41,228    2.1
Nemak                                           Consumer Discretionary       2,034    0.1
                                                                            43,262    2.2
Peru
Intercorp Financial Services                                  Financials     9,855    0.5
                                                                                                     9,855                 0.5
Philippines
BDO Unibank                                                                 Financials               9,750                 0.5
                                                                                                     9,750                 0.5
Russia
LUKOIL(d)                                                                      Energy                  0.0                 0.0
Sberbank of Russia(d)                                                       Financials                 0.0                 0.0
                                                                                                       0.0                 0.0
South Africa
Discovery                                                                   Financials              31,049                 1.6
Netcare                                                                    Health Care              14,901                 0.7
                                                                                                    45,950                 2.3
South Korea
Samsung Electronics                                           Information Technology                75,492             3.8
SK Hynix                                                      Information Technology                66,433             3.3
NAVER                                                         Communication Services                35,036             1.7
Samsung Life Insurance                                                     Financials               31,215             1.6
LG Corp                                                                    Industrials              27,221             1.4
Delivery Hero                                                 Consumer Discretionary                21,993             1.1
Doosan Bobcat                                                              Industrials              20,961             1.0
Hyundai Motor                                                 Consumer Discretionary                20,053             1.0
Samsung SDI                                                   Information Technology                10,662             0.5
Fila                                                          Consumer Discretionary                 9,858             0.5
Soulbrain                                                                   Materials                5,654             0.3
LigaChem Biosciences(e)                                                   Health Care                3,373             0.2
Hankook Tire                                                  Consumer Discretionary                 3,154             0.2
KT Skylife                                                    Communication Services                 1,031             0.0
                                                                                                   332,136            16.6
Taiwan
TSMC                                                           Information Technology              229,057            11.4
MediaTek                                                       Information Technology               56,951             2.9
Hon Hai Precision Industry                                     Information Technology               36,522             1.8
Yageo                                                          Information Technology                6,738             0.3
Lite-On Technology                                             Information Technology                5,865             0.3
                                                                                                   335,133            16.7
Thailand
Kasikornbank                                                               Financials               33,692                 1.7
Minor International                                            Consumer Discretionary               12,418                 0.6
Kiatnakin Phatra Bank                                                      Financials                6,836                 0.3
Thai Beverage                                                       Consumer Staples                 6,624                 0.3
Star Petroleum Refining                                                       Energy                 4,009                 0.2
                                                                                                    63,579                 3.1
United Arab Emirates
Emirates Central Cooling Systems                                             Utilities              10,007                 0.5
Spinneys                                                             Consumer Staples                5,319                 0.3
                                                                                                    15,326                 0.8
United States
Genpact(f)                                                                  Industrials             40,378             2.0
Cognizant Technology Solutions(f)                              Information Technology               31,646             1.6
                                                                                                    72,024             3.6
Total Investments                                                                                2,002,617           100.0

(a) Preferred shareholders are entitled to dividends before ordinary shareholders.
(b) US listed American Depository Receipt.
(c) TEMIT holds in this company shares listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange and American Depository Receipts listed on
    the New York stock exchange.
(d) This company is fair valued at zero as a result of its trading being suspended on international stock exchanges.
(e) This company changed its name from LegoChem Biosciences.
(f) This company, listed on a stock exchange in a developed market, has significant exposure to operations from emerging
    markets.

                                                      Less than            £1.5bn to            £5bn to      Greater than
Market Capitalisation Breakdown %                       £1.5bn                 £5bn              £25bn             £25bn
31 March 2025                                                3.6                 9.2               27.7               59.5
31 March 2024                                                    4.6                  12.6                23.3                 59.5

Split Between Markets %(a)                                                   31 March 2025                         31 March 2024
Emerging Markets                                                                      96.2                                  95.8
Developed Markets(b)                                                                   3.6                                   4.0
Frontier Markets                                                                       0.2                                   0.2

Source: FactSet Research System, Inc.
(a) Geographic split between ‘Emerging markets’, ‘Frontier markets’, ‘Developed markets’ are as per MSCI index
    classifications.
(b) Developed market exposure represented by companies listed in United States which have significant exposure to operations
    in emerging markets.

In investment terminology, a developed market is a country that is most developed in terms of its economy and capital markets.
To be classified as a developed market, the country must have a high average level of personal income, but this also includes
openness to foreign ownership, ease of capital movement, and efficiency of market institutions. An emerging market is a market
that has some characteristics of a developed market but does not fully meet its standards. This includes markets that may become
developed markets in the future or were in the past. The term ‘frontier market’ is used for developing countries with smaller,
riskier, or more illiquid capital markets than ‘emerging’.
                                                                                                                     Chetan Sehgal
                                                                                                           Lead Portfolio Manager
                                                                                                                        6 June 2025

The investment managers’ process

Investment philosophy and approach

FTEME’s long-term approach is driven by the 3 S’s, seeking Structural growth opportunities in emerging markets, investing in
businesses with Sustainable earnings power at a discount to intrinsic worth, and believing in responsible Stewardship of client
capital. FTEME seeks to capture the growth potential of emerging market companies and believes that this is best achieved by
employing a bottom-up and fundamental security selection process. FTEME conducts in-depth proprietary company research with
a long-term and independent perspective. FTEME believes in the responsible stewardship of clients’ capital and that governance
and sustainability issues create risks and opportunities for companies. ESG analysis is therefore integrated as a key element of
fundamental bottom-up analysis.

TEMIT’s performance in different market environments

FTEME’s approach aims for outperformance over the long term. The investment strategy tends to produce stronger performance
when company fundamentals are the primary driver for stock returns, where a focus on stock selection should produce superior
results. Performance may be less strong in highly sentiment-driven market environments, when investors focus more on the
overall economic picture rather than company fundamentals.

This can also be the case when the market is overly short-term oriented, and rewards companies driven by what FTEME views as
unsustainable factors such as short-term demand/supply imbalances or inorganic growth.

Investment process

The three broad stages of FTEME’s investment process comprise: idea generation, stock research, and portfolio construction and
management; with governance and sustainability considerations and risk management fully integrated at all stages.

1   Idea generation

The key source of idea generation is FTEME’s team of over 70 analysts and portfolio managers located around the globe. Their
experience and expertise allow them to identify trends which they may want to explore further through company research. In
addition, FTEME’s local presence, network and understanding of local dynamics may help to identify trends and opportunities
that other market participants may filter out through standard quantitative screens. FTEME analysts speak the local language and
are part of the local culture and fabric of the countries where they conduct research.

2   Stock research

FTEME analysts conduct rigorous analysis to assess whether a company has sustainable earnings power, and to establish a
proprietary estimate of its intrinsic worth. By integrating ESG analysis with traditional business and financial analysis, FTEME
seeks to gain insights into the quality and risks of companies. FTEME’s research platform currently has coverage of over 700
companies across emerging markets using a proprietary and rigorous bottom-up research approach, along with extensive
knowledge of the wider investment universe.
FTEME’s research analysts form detailed views of companies by collecting and analysing a variety of information. The team
conducts detailed quantitative financial analysis by building in-depth company models to evaluate financial strength and
profitability, and to project future earnings and cash flow. Industry demand and supply models are incorporated in the analysis, as
well as country and currency macro considerations. FTEME has a strong emphasis on qualitative assessment.

The assessment of ability to sustain stable or growing economic profits over time is typically driven by a combination of factors,
including (i) sound business models; (ii) sustainable competitive advantages; (iii) management foresight; and (iv) low debt levels.
Earnings power is the demonstrable ability to generate sustainable economic profit into the future in areas which could be beyond
the current scope of operations. The analysts look for real earnings growth by focusing on economic earnings and cash flows
rather than reported earnings and differentiating between operational earnings and financial earnings. They evaluate internal
versus external drivers to earnings and prefer companies with earnings which can be affected through management action.

A key element of earnings power is therefore quality, as signified by (i) products and services with low regulatory and macro risk;
(ii) financial strength; and (iii) management strength.

Each research recommendation may incorporate several valuation methods extending typically over a three to five-year horizon.
FTEME aims to clarify the risk/reward balance of a company by conducting sensitivity analysis, stress-testing, and scenario
analysis. It seeks to identify what the market consensus expectations are for a stock and how the team’s fundamental views may
differ.

3   Portfolio construction

FTEME seeks to build a high-conviction stock-centric portfolio that is primarily driven by company-specific factors and focused
on the long term. A bottom-up approach to stock selection is used, with country and sector allocations a residual of this process.

Portfolio style and characteristics
The strategy typically displays the following characteristics:

Core style
The strategy aims to deliver outperformance irrespective of market direction. The portfolio construction process leads to the
majority of active risk being focused on stock selection, not style or currency factors.

Quality and growth but not at excessive valuation levels
The philosophy typically leads to a portfolio with higher quality and growth than the aggregate of the benchmark index.

High conviction portfolio
The top 10 holdings typically account for over 40% of the portfolio which overall is well-diversified across the market cap
spectrum.

Low turnover
FTEME’s high conviction and long-term approach means that the typical annual portfolio turnover is less than 20%.

Buy and sell discipline
FTEME’s buy discipline is primarily designed to ensure that the portfolio managers buy when they have both conviction in a
business and it is trading below its intrinsic value; FTEME’s sell discipline is designed to capture the opposite. All holdings are
regularly reviewed to ensure that analyst recommendations are up to date and accurately reflect any changes in company
fundamentals. In this way, ongoing fundamental research drives all buy and sell decisions.

Investment risk management

Investment in emerging markets equities inevitably involves risk in a volatile asset class. Franklin Templeton uses a
comprehensive approach to managing risks within its portfolios and this approach is inherent in all aspects of the investment
process. Investment risks are to be identified and intentional, not minimised. Risk management is embedded through all stages of
the investment process, in collaboration with dedicated resources from Franklin Templeton’s Investment Risk Management
Group, which is independent from the portfolio management team. Various risk management tools are used to predict and
decompose the portfolio’s active risk in order to understand and manage the portfolio’s active risk profile.

For additional information with respect to the AIFM risk management framework, please read the Investor Disclosure
Document on our website (www.temit.co.uk).

Stewardship

Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust (‘TEMIT’) seeks to capture the growth potential of emerging markets companies
by employing a bottom-up security selection process with a long-term perspective. We aim to be a responsible steward of our
clients’ capital—that is why we integrate Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) factors into our investment research
process to understand the financial risks and opportunities that stem from governance and sustainability issues.
Whilst governance and sustainability issues are analysed in our research, the findings are not binding on the stock selection
process. TEMIT does not pursue any particular sustainable targets (e.g., carbon reduction) or objectives.

Being responsible stewards of our clients’ capital is reflected in:

How we act as investors

• ESG integration
• Company engagement
• Policy advocacy

How we treat our clients

• Putting clients first
• Being responsible fiduciaries of our clients’ capital

How we behave as a business

• Building relationships
• Achieving quality results
• Working with integrity

Integrating ESG factors
As part of TEMIT’s stock research process, ESG factors are researched alongside other important factors, such as company
earnings power, competitive positioning and management quality. These factors are likely to impact materially on the operating
performance or financial conditions of a company. This deepens our understanding of the companies we research; it also guides us
in our engagement activities over a range of issues, better informing our research insights, as we strive to protect shareholder
value.

Our proprietary three-pillar ESG research framework is an assessment tool that has further enhanced our ability to identify
financial risk and opportunities.

Intentionality

Assessing companies’ intentionality toward managing material ESG risks and their long term growth prospects and considering
ESG factors in our valuation models.

Alignment

Assessing the alignment of companies’ products and services to positive social and environmental outcomes.

Transition

Identifying companies’ transition potential and monitoring their incremental progress, using our on-the-ground capabilities and
experience as active owners to foster positive change.

Please find below a case study of a company’s intentionality to manage the ESG footprint of its operating model from the full
TEMIT Stewardship Report 2025 to give shareholders a snapshot of the typical intentionality analysis undertaken. Case studies of
alignment and transition can also be found in the full TEMIT Stewardship Report 2025 at www.temit.co.uk.

Thai Beverage (ThaiBev)

One of Southeast Asia’s largest beverage companies and the largest in Thailand.


ESG Topic:         Water management

Materiality and Risk:

Companies in the Alcoholic Beverages industry require a large amount of clean water for production. They are potentially
exposed to water supply disruptions that could significantly impact operations and increase costs. These risks can be managed by
improving water management through increased efficiency and recycling, particularly in regions with baseline water stress
ESG Thesis:

ThaiBev places strong emphasis on sustainable water management. Recognising water as a critical resource, ThaiBev has
implemented several initiatives to ensure efficient and responsible water use.

• ThaiBev aims to replenish 100% of water used in its Thai beverage products by 2040 and reduce water intensity by 7% by
  2030, with a 5.33% reduction achieved as of 2024. (a)
• In 2024, ThaiBev reduced water usage by 8.8%, reused 2.7%, and recycled 4.7% of the total water withdrawn. (b)
• All ThaiBev production facilities are certified with the ISO 14001 environmental management standard.
• ThaiBev collaborates with suppliers in water-stressed areas to minimise water consumption, identifying 46% of key suppliers in
  high-stress regions.


Business Thesis:

ThaiBev holds a 90% share in Thailand’s low-end spirits market and 40% in the beer market, benefiting from strong brand
awareness and robust distribution. Despite limited pricing power, it maintains higher margins due to lower advertising and
promotional (A&P) spending. ThaiBev controls 40% of Thailand’s beer market but faces intense competition here, while
significant A&P spending keeps margins relatively low. Overall, ThaiBev’s strategic positioning and efficient operations
underscore its market dominance and growth prospects.
(a)
      Source: Sustainability Report 2024, ThaiBev
(b)
      Ibid

TEMIT’s research process includes a structured analysis of governance and sustainability issues. Whilst governance and
sustainability issues are analysed in our research, the findings are not binding on the stock selection process. TEMIT does not
pursue any sustainable targets (e.g., carbon reduction) or objectives.

Climate Change
Emerging market (EM) governments will need to adopt growth-enhancing fiscal and structural reforms that promote low-emission
resilient investments, backed by productive and cost-effective climate policies, to achieve climate-compatible development.
Against this backdrop, our objective to understand the climate commitments of our investee companies for company research
incorporates both local and global perspectives, recognizing that the pace of decarbonization and the associated strategies will
differ globally.

Our investment process incorporates top-down policy and industry studies, bottom-up company research and comprehensive ESG
analysis including climate considerations, all of which help to deepen our research insights. Factoring material environmental
issues into our company forecasts can lead to adjustments in growth projections, margin expectations or discount rates. In
addition, as active stewards of our clients’ capital, engagement is a key tool that enables us to understand and facilitate a
company’s sustainability journey, where financially material, which is supported by a local footprint and access to management.

We do not rule out investing in companies in carbon intensive sectors, such as cement, steel, industrials and extractive industries.
As a material sustainability issue, carbon emissions management can impact a company’s business model in various ways,
including carbon taxes, technology upgrades and compliance costs.

Climate Risk

Weichai Power

Specialising in the production and sales of diesel engines, automobiles, and automobile components.

ESG Observations and Analysis:

• Weichai Power has launched several initiatives to enhance its environmental profile:
• Weichai Power invests in R&D to enhance engine technology, develop new energy industries, and optimize its industrial
  structure.
• In partnership with Bosch, Weichai launched the “Giving Everything to Protect the Blue Sky” campaign to reduce emissions
  and promote green development.
• Weichai is building a “National-Level Green Factory” to advance green and low-carbon transformation and implement
  sustainable practices.
• KION, Weichai’s European subsidiary, targets a 4.2% annual reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and a 2.5% reduction
  in Scope 3 emissions by 2030, aiming for zero carbon emissions by 2050.
ESG Thesis:

Weichai Power is committed to achieving carbon peaking by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060. As its ESG initiatives continue,
we believe that Weichai Power is progressing well in achieving its emissions goals. The same commitment extends across the
group. Subsidiaries of Weichai, such as Shaanxi Heavy Duty Automobile and KION Group, also have specific targets for
reducing energy consumption and emissions.

Business Thesis:

Weichai Power, a leader in diesel and LNG engines, is diversifying into construction machinery, agricultural equipment,
generator, and vessel engines, while pioneering hydrogen technology with fuel cell products and trucks. It plans to build an
electric powertrain supply chain and launch electric and hybrid trucks. Synergies with its European subsidiary KION, a key player
in forklifts and supply chain solutions, will enhance growth and efficiency in both markets.

Active ownership

As investors with a significant presence in emerging markets, FTEME’s active ownership efforts are a key part of the overall
approach to stewardship and sustainability. FTEME analysts conduct almost 2,000 company meetings a year across the
investment platform using its industry-leading research footprint across emerging markets, where FTEME seek to gain a number
of fundamental and sustainability insights. We believe that our engagement efforts are key to developing a detailed understanding
of companies and improving outcomes for shareholders as well as stakeholders more broadly.

Effective engagement

In 2024, we redefined what we mean by engagement, distinguishing between seeking change at a company and a discussion with
a company when it related to sustainability and governance issues. Our proprietary Emerging Markets Research Database
(EMDB), where we document our research and record our company interactions, was adjusted accordingly. This enabled us to
enhance our practice and outcomes; build more consistency and transparency; and improve reporting to our clients.

With this updated framework, we had 340 company meetings this past year, comprising discussions and engagement with
management across a range of topics. This allowed us to better understand the businesses’ intentions and initiatives. We also
shared our views on the risks and opportunities that may affect the companies’ long-term success. The following section details
our discussions and engagement activities involving ESG topics over the year.

ESG Discussion                             ESG Engagement
Clarifying View                            Seeking Change or Improved Disclosure
This is a targeted interaction to gather   This is a targeted interaction to influence change related to material ESG topics and
material ESG information through a         risks, including improved ESG disclosures. Each ESG engagement must have a specific
company call, meeting or a one-time        and clearly defined objective to measure progress against. This interaction entails a
short-term discussion.                     sustained, medium-to long-term dialogue.

To coordinate and oversee the engagement efforts of our platform of 70+ investment professionals across 13 countries, we also
created the FTEME Engagement Group comprising seven regional coordinators from the research analyst team. This group
includes a representative from each key region that will bring cross-border perspectives and provide guidance on best practices.

Engagement statistics
We focus our time and efforts on material issues that affect the sustainability of earnings, and a company’s operating model,
including strategy. Our analysts are in continual dialogue with companies on a range of topics, including operational performance,
competition landscape, business outlook and company financials, to name a few. There are also companies which we identify
where we believe that dedicated discussions and engagements on ESG topics can impact long-term performance. A full report on
the nature and outcome of these meetings, where relevant is available in the Stewardship Report available at www.temit.co.uk.
Given our long-term outlook, we build strong relationships with our investee companies as co-owners on our clients’ behalf.

For the 12 months ended 31 March 2025, of the 340 company engagements, there were 60 tagged ESG interactions, 22 ESG
discussions and 38 ESG engagements, where detailed interactions were conducted with an investee company.

This table records the independent milestones to measure our process to an objective set in our ESG engagements.

Below is an ESG engagement example with an investee company in China.

Company:                      Objectives:
WuXi Biologics                We wrote to the board of WuXi Biologics to express our concern about the potential implications of
A global leader in open-      the Biosecure Act in the US, which aims to prohibit contracting with certain biotechnology firms
access biologics              deemed national security risks, including WuXi AppTec and its subsidiaries such as WuXi Biologics.
technology
                             We urged the board to take proactive steps to alleviate the impact and put in place a suitable plan to
                             safeguard stakeholder interests.
ESG engagement topic:        Outcome: Plan formulated
Corporate Governance         Our letter was followed by a call with WuXi Biologics’ management, which shared plans to ensure
– Strategic risk and         normal business operation and protect shareholders’ rights. This may entail changing its corporate
communication                governance structure to clear its association with WuXi AppTec and become a more global entity.
                             Our engagement continued throughout 2024 as we monitored the steps taken to mitigate the potential
                             impact.


Proxy voting
In the year ended 31 March 2025, FTEME voted on over 1,000 management proposals at annual and special general meetings for
TEMIT.

Of the voteable management proposals, we voted “For” proposals 91% of the time and “Against” in another 9%. By proposal
category, as a percentage of votes within each category and where we had a total of 10 votes or more, our votes against were
largely concentrated on capital structure, management compensation, company articles and strategic transactions.

FTEME view votes against proposals as a formal way to communicate our views to management, and we undertake them based
on our investment team’s assessment of each motion, in line with our clients’ best interests.

The number of resolutions proposed by shareholders (as distinct from a company’s governing board) is increasing around the
world, particularly on environmental and social issues, although they remain relatively uncommon in emerging markets. We
encountered several governance-related shareholder proposals over the year. For TEMIT’s portfolio, we voted “For” on 15
governance related shareholder proposals. These were across several categories, such as director elections and audit related. We
will continue to closely examine the merits of views raised by fellow shareholders and vote accordingly.

We encourage you to download the full TEMIT Stewardship Report 2025 from www.temit.co.uk for further, detailed information.

Business review

Strategy and business model

Company purpose and objective
TEMIT’s purpose is to provide both private and institutional investors with the opportunity for capital appreciation via a
professionally managed vehicle focused on listed equity investments in emerging markets.

The objective of TEMIT is to provide long-term capital appreciation via exposure to global emerging markets, supported by a
culture of both strong customer service and corporate governance.

Investment policy
The Company seeks long-term capital appreciation through investment in companies listed in emerging markets or companies
which earn a significant amount of their revenues in emerging markets but are domiciled in, or listed on, stock exchanges in
developed countries (‘Emerging Markets Companies’).

It is expected that the majority of investments will be in listed equities. However, up to 10% of the Company’s assets may be
invested in unlisted securities. In addition, while it is intended that the Company will normally invest in equity instruments, the
Investment Managers may invest in equity-related investments (such as convertibles or derivatives) where they believe that it is
advantageous to do so.

The portfolio may frequently be overweight or underweight in certain investments compared with the MSCI Emerging Markets
(Net Dividends) Index (the ‘Benchmark’) and may be concentrated in a more limited number of sectors or geographical areas than
the Benchmark. Investments may be made in Emerging Markets Companies outside the Benchmark that meet the investment
criteria.

Whilst there are no specific restrictions on investment in any one sector or geographic area, the portfolio will be managed in a way
which aims to spread investment risk. The portfolio may contain between 50 and 100 individual stocks but may, at times, contain
fewer or more than this range. No more than 12% of the Company’s assets will be invested in the securities of any one issuer at
the time of investment, save that any investment in unlisted securities of any one issuer will be limited to no more than 2% of the
Company’s assets, measured at the time of investment.

The maximum borrowing will be limited to 20% of the Company’s net assets, measured at the time of borrowing.

No more than 10%, in aggregate, of the value of the Company’s assets will be invested in other listed closed-ended investment
funds.
In accordance with the UK Listing Rules, the Company will not make any material change to its published investment policy
without the prior approval of the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (‘FCA’) and the approval of its shareholders by ordinary
resolution. Any material change would be announced by the Company through the London Stock Exchange.

Distribution policy
The Company will ensure that its total annual dividends will be paid out of the profits available for distribution under the
provisions of the relevant laws and regulations and will be at least sufficient to enable it to qualify as an investment trust under the
Corporation Tax Act 2010 and the ongoing requirements of The Investment Trust (Approved Company) (Tax) Regulations 2011.
If the Company has received an exceptional level of income in any accounting year, the Board may elect to pay a special dividend.
The primary focus of the investment policy is on generating capital returns, the Company does not target a particular level of
income and there is no guarantee that dividend levels will be maintained from one year to the next.

The Company will normally pay two dividends per year, an interim dividend declared at the time when the half yearly results are
announced, and a final dividend proposed at the time when the annual results are announced. The final dividend will be subject to
shareholder approval at the AGM each year.

The Company may also distribute capital by means of share buybacks when the Board believes that it is in the best interests of
shareholders to do so. The share buyback programme will be subject to shareholder approval at each AGM.

Business model
The Company has no employees and all of its Directors are non-executive. The Company delegates its day-to-day activities to
third parties.

Since 1 October 2021, Franklin Templeton Investment Trust Management Limited (‘FTITML’, ‘AIFM’ or the ‘Manager’) has
been the Company’s AIFM and Company Secretary.

The Board is responsible for all aspects of the Company’s affairs, including the setting of parameters for the monitoring of the
investment strategy and the review of investment performance and policy. It also has responsibility for overseeing all strategic
policy issues, namely dividend, gearing, share issuance and buybacks, share price and discount/premium monitoring, corporate
governance matters and engagement with all the Company’s stakeholders.

Strategy
The Company seeks to achieve its objective by following a strategy focused on the following:

Performance

At the heart of the strategy is the appointment and retention of capable investment management professionals, whose aim is to
identify value and achieve superior long-term growth for shareholders. FTEME, under the leadership of Chetan Sehgal, continues
to apply the same core investment philosophy that has driven TEMIT’s performance since the Company’s launch. The investment
team aims to achieve long-term capital appreciation for shareholders seeking exposure to global emerging markets by investing in
companies that they believe offer long-term sustainable growth and good value, combined with strong management and sound
governance.

Investment Process and Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) Considerations

As part of TEMIT’s stock research process, ESG factors are researched alongside other important factors, such as company
earnings power, competitive positioning and management quality. These factors are likely to materially impact the operating
performance or financial conditions of a company. This deepens our understanding of the companies we research; it also guides us
in our engagement activities over a range of issues, better informing our research insights, as we strive to protect shareholder
value.

As TEMIT is an investment trust, the key ESG consideration is the stewardship of its portfolio of investments. The Board has
reviewed and fully supports FTEME’s approach to stewardship, which is described under ‘TEMIT’s approach to stewardship’ in
the full Annual Report. It receives regular reports on Franklin Templeton’s policies and controls.

TEMIT has no greenhouse gas emissions to report from the operations of the Company, as all of its activities are outsourced to
third parties. While as an investment trust TEMIT is exempt from disclosures recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’), Franklin Templeton continues to develop metrics for our carbon footprint. Further information
on our approach to climate change can be found under ‘TEMIT’s approach to stewardship’ above and in more detail in the full
Stewardship Report, available on our website (www.temit.co.uk).

TEMIT has no employees and is not an organisation that provides goods or services as defined in the Modern Slavery Act 2015
and thus the Company considers that the Act does not apply. The Company’s own supply chain consists predominantly of
professional services advisers.

Culture and Values
The Board believes in a culture of openness and constructive challenge in its interactions with the Manager and other service
providers. The Board aims to maintain open and regular communication with shareholders, as set out under Communication in the
full Annual Report.

The Company is committed to acting professionally, fairly and with integrity in all of its business dealings and relationships. The
Board has a zero-tolerance policy towards bribery and looks to ensure that its service providers and associated persons have
effective policies and procedures designed to actively prevent bribery which are proportionate, and risk based. In relation to the
corporate offence of failing to prevent tax evasion, it is the Company’s policy to conduct all business in an honest and ethical
manner. The Company takes a zero-tolerance approach to any facilitation of tax evasion whether under UK law or under the law
of any foreign country. The Board notes that the Manager has a robust whistleblowing policy in place.

Information on the Company’s approach to Diversity is set out in the Directors’ Report in the full Annual Report.

Liquidity

The shares issued by the Company are traded on the London and New Zealand stock exchanges. The Company has engaged
Winterflood Securities and JP Morgan as joint financial advisers and stockbrokers.

Gearing

Fixed Term Loan

On 31 January 2020, the Company entered into a five-year £100 million loan at a fixed rate of 2.089% with Scotiabank Europe
plc. The loan was repaid in full at its maturity on 31 January 2025. The fixed term loan was denominated in pounds sterling. Full
details of the loan are set out in Note 10 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

Revolving Credit Facility

On 31 January 2025, the Company entered into a one-year £122 million multi-currency revolving loan facility with The Bank of
Nova Scotia, London Branch. Drawings may be in sterling, US dollars or Chinese renminbi (‘CNH’). As at 31 March 2025, £80
million was drawn down from this facility in sterling. Further details of the facility are set out in Note 10 of the Notes to the
Financial Statements.

The Company has no other debt as at 31 March 2025. The net gearing position was 0.2% (net of cash in the portfolio) at the year-
end (2024: 0.0%)(a).

The Board continues to monitor the level of gearing and currently considers borrowing of up to 20% of net assets to be
appropriate, measured at the time of borrowing.

(a) A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.


Affirmation of Shareholder Mandate

In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association, the Board must seek shareholders’ approval every five years for
TEMIT to continue as an investment trust. This allows shareholders the opportunity to decide on the long-term future of the
Company. The last continuation vote took place at the AGM on 11 July 2024, when 99.30% of the votes cast were registered as
votes in favour. The next continuation vote will take place at the 2029 AGM.


Stability – Share Buybacks and Conditional Tender Offer

The Company has powers to buy back its shares as a discount control mechanism and when this is in the best interests of the
Company’s shareholders and has a Conditional Tender Offer. The share price discount to net asset value is discussed under Key
Performance Indicators in the full Annual Report.

Under the Conditional Tender Offer, if over the five-year period from 31 March 2024 to 31 March 2029 the Company’s net asset
value total return fails to exceed the benchmark total return, the Board will put forward proposals to shareholders to undertake a
tender offer for up to 25 per cent of the issued share capital of the Company, at the discretion of the Board.

Any such tender offer will be at a price equal to the then prevailing net asset value less two per cent (and less the costs of the
tender offer). There will be no tender offer if the Company’s net asset value total return exceeds the benchmark total return (MSCI
Emerging Markets (Net Dividends) Index) over the five-year period. Any tender offer would take place following the Company’s
2029 AGM and will also be conditional on shareholders approving the continuation vote in 2029 which is described under
‘Affirmation of Shareholder Mandate’ above.
A key point in the Investment Managers’ mandate is to take a long-term view of investments and one of the advantages of a
closed-end fund is that the portfolio structure is not disrupted by large inflows or outflows of cash. However, the Board and the
Investment Managers recognise that the returns experienced by shareholders are in the form of movements in the share price,
which are not directly linked to NAV movements, and the shares may trade at varying discounts or premiums to NAV. Many
shareholders, both professional and private investors, have expressed a view that a high level of volatility in the discount is
undesirable and that the Company should continue its active share buyback programme. A less volatile discount, and hence share
price, is seen as important to investors. For this reason, TEMIT uses share buybacks selectively with the intention of limiting
volatility in the share price. Details of the share buybacks are included in the following table. All shares bought back in the year
were cancelled, with none being placed in treasury. In addition, the Company cancelled 43,825,895 shares which were previously
held in treasury, and as at 31 March 2025, the Company held 60,000,000 shares in treasury (2024: 103,825,895 shares in
treasury). Company cancelled 43,825,895 shares which were previously held in treasury, and as at 31 March 2025, the Company
held 60,000,000 shares in treasury (2024: 103,825,895 shares in treasury).

Discount management is reviewed regularly by the Board to ensure that it remains effective in the light of prevailing market
conditions. The Conditional Tender Offer will not affect the Board’s current approach to discount management. The Board will
continue to exercise the Company’s right to buy back shares when it believes this to be in shareholders’ interests and with the aim
of reducing volatility in the discount.

                                                                                                          2025                2024
Shares Bought Back and Cancelled During the Year                                                     89,989,892          44,319,755
Proportion of Share Capital Bought Back and Cancelled                                                     8.1%                3.8%
Total Cost of Share Buybacks                                                                           £149.2m              £65.9m
The Benefit to NAV                                                                                      £23.7m              £10.6m
The Percentage Benefit to NAV                                                                            1.16%               0.54%

Communication

The Board and Manager aim to ensure that investors are kept updated regularly about the performance of TEMIT and of emerging
markets through clear communication and updates as detailed in this section. The Board is fully committed to TEMIT’s marketing
and communications programme. There is a substantial annual marketing and communication budget, and expenditure by TEMIT
is matched by a contribution to costs from the Manager.
TEMIT has received AIC Shareholder Communication awards for its ‘Your Future is Emerging’ campaigns in 2022, 2023 and
2024. Through innovative use of broadcast media and direct marketing, TEMIT’s profile has been elevated, showcasing the
Company’s benefits and conveying the dynamic growth story of emerging markets to a wider audience. This follows a rebrand in
January 2022, when TEMIT unveiled a fresh corporate identity, establishing a unique brand for the Company for the first time.
TEMIT seeks to keep shareholders updated on performance and investment strategy through its Annual and Half Yearly Reports,
along with monthly factsheets and manager commentaries, which are available on the Company’s website - temit.co.uk - offering
a wealth of updates, stock story videos, articles, portfolio details, and essential documents. Connect with @TEMIT on Twitter / X
for ongoing updates and announcements as we expand our social media presence.
The Board encourages registration to our monthly email that keeps subscribers appraised of the latest performance, insights and
announcements.
In addition, TEMIT has an active communications programme. Our Investment Managers provide topical and informative
comments to journalists, host media briefings and events and publish articles on issues relevant to investing in emerging markets.
The Investment Managers meet regularly with professional investors and analysts and host interactive webinars. At each AGM the
Investment Managers make a presentation with the opportunity for all shareholders to ask questions.
The Chairman regularly meets major shareholders to discuss investment performance and developments in corporate governance.
We try to engage with a wide spectrum of our shareholders and aim to address their concerns as far as practically possible.
Shareholders are welcome to contact the Chairman or the Senior Independent Director at any time via
temitcosec@franklintempleton.com.
Section 172 Report – Promoting the success of the Company

The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 require directors to explain how they have discharged their duties
under Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 in promoting the success of their companies for the benefit of ‘members as a
whole’ and having regard for all stakeholders.

Section 172 Matter       1. The likely consequences of any decision in the long term.
                         2. The interests of the Company’s employees.
                         3. The need to foster the Company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others.
                         4. The impact of the Company’s operations on the community and the environment.
                         5. The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct.
                         6. The need to act fairly between members of the Company.
Board’s Statement        1. The Board is focused on promoting the long-term success of the Company and regularly reviews the
                            Company’s long-term strategic objectives, including consideration of the impact of the Investment
                             Managers’ actions on the marketability and reputation of the Company and the likely impact on the
                             Company’s stakeholders of the Company’s strategy.
                          2. The Company has no direct employees.
                          3. The Board’s approach to its key stakeholders is set out below.
                          4. The Board’s approach is set out in the section on Investment Process and ESG Considerations under
                          Strategy and Business Model in the full Annual Report.
                          5. The Board’s approach is set out in ‘Culture and Values’ in the full Annual Report.
                          6. The Board’s approach to its key stakeholders is set out below.
In addition to the primary focus of the Board, and with due regard to its obligations under Section 172 of the Companies Act
2006, the following important matters were considered at Board meetings during the year:
• Recruitment of Sarika Patel as a non-executive Director;
• Changes to the risk matrix, monitoring such changes carefully and introducing alternative mitigating controls where necessary
  and practicable to support the operation of an effective control environment;
• Review of the marketing plan with the Manager;
• Review of the share buyback programme;
• Review of the dividend policy; and
• Review of the gearing facility and in particular the decision to enter into a new revolving credit facility.

The Board considers the main stakeholders in the Company to be its shareholders and its service providers, the principal one of
which is its Manager, along with its investee companies. A summary of the key areas of engagement undertaken by the Board
with its main stakeholders in the year under review and how Directors have acted upon this to promote the long-term success of
the Company are set out in the following table.

Stakeholders       Area of Engagement         Consideration          Engagement                         Outcome
Shareholders       Company Objective          Delivering on the      The Company’s objective and        The Investment Managers’
and Potential                                 Company’s              investment policy are set out      commentary in the full
Investors                                     objective to           in the full Annual Report.         Annual Report gives a full
                                              shareholders over                                         commentary on the
                                              the long term.         The Company’s performance          Company’s portfolio as well
                                                                     against its objective is           as on the approach and
                                                                     regularly reviewed by the          considerations undertaken by
                                                                     Board, taking account of           the Investment Managers for
                                                                     views expressed by                 stock selection within the
                                                                     shareholders.                      portfolio.

                                                                     The Company holds a                A continuation vote took
                                                                     continuation vote every five       place at the 2024 AGM, with
                                                                     years to allow shareholders to     99.30% of votes cast in
                                                                     decide on the long-term future     favour. The next continuation
                                                                     of the Company.                    vote is scheduled to take
                                                                                                        place at the 2029 AGM.
Shareholders       Dividend                   The objective of the   The Board reviews regularly        Dividend payments are
and Potential                                 Company is to          the level of dividends, taking     discussed in the Chairman’s
Investors                                     provide long term      account of the income              Statement in the full Annual
                                              capital                generated by the Company’s         Report.
                                              appreciation,          portfolio and the availability
                                              however, the Board     of reserves.
                                              recognises the
                                              importance of          In considering the
                                              dividend income to     sustainability of the dividend
                                              many shareholders.     and of the Company, the
                                                                     Board reviews the models
                                                                     supporting the going concern
                                                                     assessment and viability
                                                                     statement.
Shareholders       Communication with         The Board              Working closely with the           Full details of all Board and
and Potential      Shareholders               understands the        Manager, the Board ensures         Manager communication are
Investors                                     importance of          that there is a variety of         included in the full Annual
                                              communication          regular communication with         Report.
                                              with its               shareholders.
                                              shareholders and                                          Shareholders are invited to
                                              maintains open                                            submit questions for the
                                              channels of                                               Board to address at the
                                              communication                                             Company’s AGM.
                                              with shareholders.
Shareholders      Discount Management          To smooth the          The Board monitors the           TEMIT continues to adopt an
and Potential                                  volatility in the      discount closely and discusses   active buy back policy and
Investors                                      discount.              discount strategy with the       has a Conditional Tender
                                                                      Investment Managers and the      Offer. Details of these can be
                                                                      Company’s joint stockbrokers     found under ‘Stability –
                                                                      at every regular Board           Share Buybacks and
                                                                      meeting. The stockbrokers        Conditional Tender Offer’ in
                                                                      provide a summary of the         the full Annual Report.
                                                                      discount and market
                                                                      conditions to the Board and      Further details of the current
                                                                      Investment Managers at the       discount and discount
                                                                      close of each trading day in     management are detailed in
                                                                      London. The Board also meets     the Chairman’s Statement
                                                                      with the Investment Managers     under ‘Share price rating’ in
                                                                      to discuss the Company’s         the full Annual Report.
                                                                      marketing strategy to ensure
                                                                      effective communication with
                                                                      existing shareholders and to
                                                                      consider strategies to create
                                                                      additional demand for the
                                                                      Company’s shares.
Manager           Communication                The Board’s            The Manager attends all          The Board operates in a
                  Between the Board            oversight of the       regular Board meetings where     supportive and open manner,
                  and the Manager              Manager is very        it reviews and discusses         challenging the activity of the
                                               important.             performance reports, changes     Manager and its results. The
                                                                      in the portfolio composition     Board believes that the
                                                                      and risk matrix. The Board       Company is well managed
                                                                      receives timely and accurate     and the Board places great
                                                                      information from the Manager     value on the experience of
                                                                      and engages with the             the Investment Managers to
                                                                      Investment Managers and the      deliver superior long-term
                                                                      Company Secretary between        returns from investments and
                                                                      meetings as well as with other   on the other functions of the
                                                                      representatives of the Manager   Manager to fulfil their roles
                                                                      as and when it is deemed         effectively.
                                                                      necessary.
Third-party       Engagement with              The Board              As an investment company all     The Manager maintains the
Service           Service Providers            acknowledges the       services are outsourced to       overall day-to-day
Providers                                      importance of          third-party providers. The       relationship with the service
                                               ensuring that the      Board considers the support      providers and the Board
                                               Company’s service      delivered by service providers   undertakes an annual review
                                               providers are          including the quality of the     of the performance of the
                                               delivering a           service, succession planning     Company’s service
                                               suitable level of      and any potential interruption   providers. This review also
                                               service, that the      of service or other potential    includes the level of fees
                                               service level is       risks.                           paid. The Board meets with
                                               sustainable and that                                    service providers as and
                                               they are fairly                                         when considered necessary.
                                               remunerated for
                                               their service.
Investee          Engagement with              The relationship       On behalf of the Company the     The Investment Managers
Companies         Investee Companies           between the            Investment Managers engage       have a dedicated research
                                               Company and the        with investee companies          team that is employed in
                                               investee companies     implementing corporate           making investment decisions
                                               is very important.     governance principles and        and when voting at
                                                                      discuss the portfolio with the   shareholder meetings of
                                                                      Board on a quarterly basis.      investee companies.

Key performance indicators

The Board considers the following to be the key performance indicators (‘KPIs’) for the Company:

•   Net asset value and share price total return over various periods, compared to its benchmark;
•   Share price discount to net asset value;
•   Dividend and revenue earnings; and
•   Ongoing charges ratio.
The 10 Year Record of the KPIs is shown in the full Annual Report.

Net asset value and share price total return(a)

Net asset value and share price total return data is presented within the Financial Highlights along with the 10 Year Record in the
full Annual Report.

The Chairman’s Statement and the Investment Managers’ Report in the full Annual Report include further commentary on the
Company’s performance.

Performance of the Company’s portfolio is measured in pounds sterling (GBP) against the MSCI Emerging Markets (Net
Dividends) Index.
(a) A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.

Share price discount to net asset value(a)

Details of the Company’s share price discount to net asset value are presented within the Financial Summary in the full Annual
Report. On 16 May 2025, the latest practicable date for which information was available, the discount was 15.7%.

The Company has powers to buy back its shares as a discount control mechanism when it is in the best interests of the Company’s
shareholders and has a Conditional Tender Offer mechanism. These are described under ‘Stability – Share Buybacks and
Conditional Tender Offer’ in the full Annual Report.

(a) A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.

Dividend and revenue earnings

Total income earned in the year was £70.4 million (2024: £71.9 million) which translates into net revenue earnings of 5.41 pence
per share (2024: 5.18 pence per share), an increase of 4.4% over the prior year.

The Company paid an interim dividend of 2.00 pence per share on 31 January 2025. The Board is proposing a final dividend of
3.25 pence per share, making total ordinary dividends for the year of 5.25 pence per share.

Ongoing charges ratio(a) (‘OCR’)

The OCR reduced to 0.95% for the year ended 31 March 2025, compared to 0.97% in the prior year. This was largely driven by
the AIFM fee reduction as detailed within the Chairman’s Statement in the full Annual Report and an uplift in the average net
assets over the year. The OCR has been calculated in line with the Association of Investment Companies (‘AIC’) recommended
methodology.

Costs associated with the purchase and sale of investments are taken to capital and are not included in the OCR. Transaction costs
are disclosed in Note 8 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

(a) A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full Annual Report.

Principal and emerging risks

At least quarterly, the Board reviews with the AIFM and the Investment Managers a wide range of risk factors that may impact
the Company. A full review of risks and internal controls is held every September by the Audit and Risk Committee. These
reviews include a robust assessment of the principal and emerging risks facing the Company, including those that would threaten
its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity. These are summarised in the table below.

Further explanation of the monitoring of risk and uncertainties is covered within the Report of the Audit and Risk Committee in
the full Annual Report. Information on the risks that TEMIT is subject to, including additional financial and valuation risks, are
also detailed in Note 15 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

Due to the nature of the Company’s business, investment risk is a key focus and is reviewed on an ongoing basis by the
Investment Managers as part of every investment decision. Further information on this process is detailed in the full Annual
Report.

                         Principal Risk                                         Mitigation
Market, Geopolitical     Market risk arises from volatility in the prices of    The Board reviews regularly and discusses with
and Investment           the Company’s investments, from the risk of            the Investment Managers the portfolio, the
                         volatility in global markets arising from              Company’s investment performance and the
                         macroeconomic and geopolitical circumstances and       execution of the investment policy against the
                         conditions. Many of the companies in which             long-term objectives of the Company. The
                         TEMIT invests are, by reason of the locations in       Manager’s independent risk team performs
                         which they operate, exposed to the risk of political   systematic risk analysis, including country and
                   or economic change. In addition, sanctions,            industry specific risk monitoring, as well as stress
                   exchange controls, tax or other regulations            testing of the portfolio’s resilience to geopolitical
                   introduced in any country in which TEMIT invests       shocks. The Manager’s legal and compliance team
                   may affect its income and the value and the            monitors sanctions. Where TEMIT is affected,
                   marketability of its investments. Emerging markets     adherence to all sanctions and restrictions is
                   can be subject to greater price volatility than        ensured by this team. The Board also regularly
                   developed markets.                                     reviews reports from the Manager’s risk, legal and
                                                                          compliance teams.
                   Geopolitical risk was highlighted by moves by the
                   United States to impose widespread tariffs on
                   imports, the continuing Russian war on Ukraine,
                   the escalating trade war between the United States
                   and China and military tensions over the Taiwan
                   Strait, the continuing conflict between Israel and
                   Hamas and the recent spike in tension between
                   India and Pakistan. All of these factors have
                   depressed investor sentiment and the Russian
                   invasion of Ukraine has impacted global trade
                   posed by supply shocks, sanctions, higher levels of
                   inflation and volatility in asset prices.

                   Investment risk refers to the possibility that an
                   investment’s actual returns may differ from the
                   expected returns, potentially resulting in financial
                   loss. As well as market and geopolitical risk, this
                   risk is impacted by the decisions made by portfolio
                   managers regarding sector, country allocation, and
                   stock selection.
Technology         Failure or breach of the security of information       The Company benefits from Franklin Templeton’s
                   technology systems of the Company’s service            technology framework designed to mitigate the
                   providers may entail risk of financial loss,           risk of a cyber security breach.
                   disruption to operations or damage to the reputation
                   of the Company.                                      For key third-party providers, the Audit and Risk
                                                                        Committee receives regular independent reports on
                                                                        their technology control environment.
Concentration      Concentration risk arises from investing in          The Board reviews regularly the portfolio
                   relatively few holdings, few sectors or a restricted composition/ asset allocation and discusses related
                   geographic area. NAV performance may be more         developments with the Investment Managers and
                   volatile and dividend payment less predictable,      the independent risk management team. The
                   than with a greater number of securities.            Investment Compliance team of the Investment
                                                                        Managers monitors concentration limits and
                                                                        highlights any concerns to portfolio management
                                                                        for remedial action.
Key Personnel      The ability of the Company to achieve its objective The Manager endeavours to ensure that the
                   is significantly dependent upon the expertise of the principal members of its management teams are
                   Investment Managers and their ability to attract and suitably incentivised, participate in strategic leader
                   retain suitable staff.                               programmes and monitor key succession planning
                                                                        metrics. The Board meets privately with the key
                                                                        personnel at least twice a year. The Board
                                                                        discusses this risk regularly with the Manager.
Foreign Currency   Currency exchange rate movements may affect          The Board monitors currency risk as part of the
                   TEMIT’s performance. In general, if the value of     regular portfolio and risk management oversight.
                   sterling increases compared with a foreign           TEMIT does not hedge currency risk.
                   currency, an investment traded in that foreign
                   currency will be worth less in sterling terms. This
                   can have a negative effect on the Company’s
                   performance.
Discount Risk      The discount/premium at which the Company’s          The Board monitors the level of discount/premium
                   shares trade relative to its net asset value can     at which the shares trade and has an active
                   change. The risk of a widening discount, and/or      investor relations programme. The Company has
                   related volatility, could reduce shareholder returns authority to buy back its existing shares when
                   and confidence in the Company.                       deemed by the Board to be in the best interests of
                                                                        the Company and its shareholders.
Regulatory         The Company is an Alternative Investment Fund        The Board, with the assistance of the Manager,
                   (‘AIF’) and is listed on both the London and New     ensures that the Company complies with all
                   Zealand stock exchanges. The Company operates        applicable laws and regulation and its internal risk
                         in an increasingly complex regulatory environment      and control framework reduces the likelihood of
                         and faces numerous regulatory risks. Breaches of       breaches happening.
                         regulations could lead to a number of detrimental
                         outcomes and reputational damage.
Sustainability and       The Company’s portfolio, and also the Company’s        The Investment Managers consider that
Climate Change           service providers and the Investment Managers, are     sustainability risks are relevant to the returns of
                         exposed to risks arising from governance and           the Company. The Manager has implemented a
                         sustainability issues, including climate change. To    policy in respect of the integration of sustainability
                         the extent that such a risk occurs, or occurs in a     and climate change risks in its investment decision
                         manner that is not anticipated by the Investment       making process. The Board receives regular
                         Managers, there may be a sudden, material              reports on the policies and controls in place on
                         negative impact on the value of an investment, and     ESG considerations. The Board has reviewed and
                         the operations or reputation of the Investment         fully supports the Franklin Templeton Stewardship
                         Managers.                                              Statement and its Sustainable Investing Principles
                                                                                and Policies.
Operational and          Like many other investment trust companies,            The Manager’s systems are regularly tested and
Custody                  TEMIT has no employees. The Company therefore          monitored and an internal controls report, which
                         relies upon the services provided by third parties     includes an assessment of risks together with an
                         and is dependent upon the control systems of the       overview of procedures to mitigate such risks, is
                         Investment Managers and of the Company’s other         prepared by the Manager and reviewed by the
                         service providers. The security, for example, of the   Audit and Risk Committee.
                         Company’s assets, dealing procedures, accounting
                         records and maintenance of regulatory and legal        J.P. Morgan Europe Limited is the Company’s
                         requirements depends on the effective operation of     depositary. Its responsibilities include cash
                         these systems.                                         monitoring, safe keeping of the Company’s
                                                                                financial instruments, verifying ownership and
                                                                                maintaining a record of other assets and
                                                                                monitoring the Company’s compliance with
                                                                                investment limits and borrowing requirements.
                                                                                The depositary is liable for any loss of financial
                                                                                instruments held in custody and will ensure that
                                                                                the custodian and any sub-custodians segregate the
                                                                                assets of the Company. The depositary oversees
                                                                                the custody function performed by JPMorgan
                                                                                Chase Bank. The custodian provides a report on its
                                                                                key controls and safeguards (SOC 1/ SSAE 16/
                                                                                ISAE 3402) that is independently reported on by
                                                                                its auditor, PwC.

                                                                                The Board reviews regular operational risk
                                                                                management reporting provided by the Investment
                                                                                Managers.

Emerging risks

The key emerging risk faced by the Company during the year under review was the possible effects of the United States moving to
a more protectionist and isolationist stance in its relations with the rest of the world. The Board and Investment Managers
continue to monitor the investment strategy response, along with the continuing ramifications of the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
and tensions between the United States and China, as noted under the market and geopolitical risk above. The Board also
continues to monitor the potential risks on the portfolio and investee companies posed by the dramatic progress of Artificial
Intelligence (‘AI’).

Viability statement

The Board considers viability as part of its continuing programme of monitoring risk. In preparing the Viability Statement, in
accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code and the AIC Corporate Governance Code, the Directors have assessed the
prospects of the Company over a longer period than the 12 months required by the ‘Going Concern’ provision.

The Board has considered the Company’s business and investment cycles and is of the view that five years is a suitable time
horizon to consider the continuing viability of the Company, balancing the uncertainties of investing in emerging markets
securities against having due regard to viability over the longer term.

In assessing the Company’s viability, the Board has performed a robust assessment of controls over the principal risks. The Board
considers, on an ongoing basis, each of the principal and emerging risks as noted above and set out in Note 15 of the Notes to the
Financial Statements. The Board evaluated various scenarios of possible future circumstances including a material increase in
expenses and a continued significant and prolonged fall in emerging equity markets. The Board also considered the latest
assessment of the portfolio’s liquidity. The Board monitors income and expense projections for the Company, with the majority of
the expenses being predictable and modest in comparison with the assets of the Company.

The Company foresees no issues with meeting interest payments and current liabilities relating to the £122 million multi-currency
revolving credit facility which matures on 30 January 2026. A significant proportion of the Company’s expenses is the ad valorem
AIFM fee, which would naturally reduce if the market value of the Company’s assets were to fall.

Considering the above, and with careful consideration given to the current market situation, the ramifications of continuing
geopolitical tensions and the challenges posed by climate change, the Board has concluded that there is a reasonable expectation
that, assuming that there will be a successful continuation vote at the 2029 AGM, the Company will be able to continue to operate
and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the next five years.

Future strategy

The Company was founded, and continues to be managed, based on a long-term investment strategy that seeks to generate
superior returns from investments, principally in the shares of carefully selected companies in emerging markets.

The Company’s results will be affected by many factors including political decisions, economic factors, the performance of
investee companies and the ability of the Investment Managers to choose investments successfully as well as the current
challenges.

The Board and the Investment Managers continue to believe in investment with a long-term horizon in companies that are
undervalued by stock markets, but which are fundamentally strong and growing. It is recognised that, at times, extraneous
political, economic and company-specific and other factors will affect the performance of investments, but the Company will
continue to take a long-term view in the belief that patience will be rewarded.

                                                                                                                 By order of the Board
                                                                                                                  Angus Macpherson
                                                                                                                          6 June 2025

Statement of directors’ responsibilities

In respect of the Annual Report and the Financial Statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and
regulations. Details of the Directors and members of the committees are reported in the full Annual Report.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare Financial Statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors are
required to prepare the Financial Statements in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards.

Under company law the Directors must be satisfied that the Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of
the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for the period.

In preparing these Financial Statements, International Accounting Standard 1 requires that Directors:

•   Properly select and apply accounting policies;

•   Present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and
    understandable information;

•   Provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements of UK adopted International Accounting
    Standards are insufficient to enable users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on
    the entity’s financial position and financial performance; and

•   Assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure
that the Financial Statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the
Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the
Company’s website (www.temit.co.uk). Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of
Financial Statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

Responsibility statement

Each of the Directors, who are listed in the full Annual Report, confirms that to the best of their knowledge:
•   The Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standards,
    give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company for the year ended 31
    March 2025; and

•   The Chairman’s Statement, Strategic Report and the Report of the Directors include a fair review of the information required
    by 4.1.8R to 4.1.11R of the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules; and

•   The Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements, taken as a whole, are fair, balanced and understandable and provide the
    information necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s position and performance, business model and strategy, and
    include a description of the principal risks and uncertainties.

                                                                                                                   By order of the Board
                                                                                                                     Angus Macpherson
                                                                                                                             6 June 2025

Financial Statements

Statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2025

                                                                    Year Ended 31 March 2025 Year Ended 31 March 2024
                                                                    Revenue Capital     Total Revenue Capital    Total
                                                               Note    £’000    £’000   £’000   £’000    £’000   £’000
Net Gains/(Losses) on Investments and Foreign
Exchange
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                             8          – 115,856 115,856                     –   94,636     94,636
Net Losses on Foreign Exchange                                                –   (403)   (403)                     –    (817)      (817)
Income
Dividends                                                          2    65,353   3,944 69,297                65,350   6,560 71,910
Other Income                                                       2     5,038       –   5,038                6,536       –   6,536
                                                                        70,391 119,397 189,788               71,886 100,379 172,265
Expenses
AIFM Fee                                                           3    (4,792)   (12,620)    (17,412)       (5,130) (11,970) (17,100)
Other Expenses                                                     4    (2,294)           –     (2,294)      (1,774)        – (1,774)
                                                                        (7,086)   (12,620)    (19,706)       (6,904) (11,970) (18,874)
Profit Before Finance Costs and Taxation                                 63,305    106,777     170,082        64,982 88,409 153,391
Finance Costs                                                      5      (700)     (1,885)     (2,585)        (751) (1,747) (2,498)
Profit Before Taxation                                                   62,605    104,892     167,497        64,231 86,662 150,893
Tax Expense                                                        6    (4,682)     (9,119)   (13,801)       (5,366) (5,201) (10,567)
Profit for the Year                                                      57,923      95,773    153,696        58,865 81,461 140,326
Profit Attributable to Equity Holders of the Company                     57,923      95,773    153,696        58,865 81,461 140,326
Earnings per Share                                                 7      5.41p       8.95p     14.36p         5.18p    7.17p 12.35p

•   Under the Company’s Articles of Association, the capital element of return is not distributable.
•   The total column of this statement represents the profit and loss account of the Company.
•   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.


Statement of financial position
As at 31 March 2025
                                                                                       As at 31 March 2025          As at 31 March 2024
                                                                               Note                  £’000                        £’000
Non-Current Assets
Investments at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss                                   8                2,002,617                    1,995,232
Current Assets
Trade and Other Receivables                                                        9                       8,374                   10,759
Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                                 75,549                  145,736
Total Current Assets                                                                                      83,923                  156,495
Current Liabilities
Bank Loan                                                                         10                 (80,000)                    (100,000)
Other Payables                                                                    10                  (4,406)                      (6,401)
Provisions                                                                        11                    (416)                            –
Total Current Liabilities                                                                            (84,822)                    (106,401)
Net Current (Liabilities)/Assets                                                                        (899)                     50,094
Non-Current Liabilities
Capital Gains Tax Provision                                                        6                (16,276)                    (10,463)
Total Assets Less Liabilities                                                                      1,985,442                   2,034,863
Share Capital and Reserves
                                                                                 12,
Equity Share Capital                                                                                   54,241                     60,932
                                                                                 1(j)
Capital Redemption Reserve                                                       1(j)                 28,428                      21,737
Capital Reserve                                                                  1(j)              1,334,729                   1,388,186
Special Distributable Reserve                                                    1(j)                433,546                     433,546
Revenue Reserve                                                                  1(j)                134,498                     130,462
Equity Shareholders’ Funds                                                                         1,985,442                   2,034,863
Net Asset Value Pence per Share(a)                                                                     193.7                       182.5

(a) Based on shares in issue excluding shares held in treasury.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.

The Financial Statements of Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust plc (company registration number SC118022) were
approved for issue by the Board and signed on 6 June 2025.

Angus Macpherson                                                   Simon Jeffreys
Chairman                                                           Director


Statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2025

                                                                   Capital                              Special
                                                  Equity Share Redemption                 Capital Distributable Revenue
                                                       Capital    Reserve                Reserve       Reserve Reserve       Total
                                             Note         £’000      £’000                  £’000         £’000    £’000    £’000
Balance at 31 March 2023                                 63,148     19,521              1,372,654       433,546 128,634 2,017,503
Profit for the Year                                           –          –                 81,461             –   58,865 140,326
Equity Dividends                               13             –          –                      –             – (57,037) (57,037)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares        12       (2,216)      2,216               (65,929)             –        – (65,929)
Balance at 31 March 2024                                 60,932     21,737              1,388,186       433,546 130,462 2,034,863
(Loss)/Profit for the Year                                    –          –                 95,773             –   57,923 153,696
Equity Dividends                               13             –          –                      –             – (53,887) (53,887)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares        12       (4,500)      4,500              (149,230)             –        – (149,230)
Cancellation of Treasury Shares                12       (2,191)      2,191                      –             –        –         –
Balance at 31 March 2025                                 54,241     28,428              1,334,729       433,546 134,498 1,985,442

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.

Statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2025


                                                                               For the Year to 31 March 2025 For the Year to 31 March 2024
                                                                      Note                             £’000                         £’000
Cash Flows From Operating Activities
Profit Before Taxation                                                                            167,497                        150,893
Adjustments to Reconcile Profit Before Taxation to Cash Used in
Operations:
Bank and Deposit Interest Income Recognised                                                       (5,015)                        (6,518)
Dividend Income Recognised                                                                       (69,297)                       (71,910)
Finance Costs                                                                                       2,585                          2,498
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                     8                    (115,856)                       (94,636)
Net Losses on Foreign Exchange                                                                        403                            817
Decrease/(Increase) in Debtors                                                                          85                          (23)
Increase/(Decrease) in Creditors                                                                        10                          (29)
Cash Used in Operations                                                                          (19,588)                       (18,908)
Bank and Deposit Interest Received                                                                  5,089                          6,434
Dividends Received                                                                                 69,421                         71,024
Bank Overdraft Interest Paid                                                                           (2)                            (2)
Tax Paid                                                                                           (7,614)                      (9,945)
Net Realised Losses on Foreign Currency                                                               (82)                        (435)
Net Cash Inflow From Operating Activities                                                           47,224                       48,168
Cash Flows From Investing Activities
Purchases of Non-Current Financial Assets                                                       (402,009)                     (463,750)
Sales of Non-Current Financial Assets                                                             509,268                       553,641
Net Cash Inflow From Investing Activities                                                         107,259                        89,891
Cash Flows From Financing Activities
Equity Dividends Paid                                                      13                    (53,887)                      (57,037)
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares                                                         (149,034)                      (65,784)
Repayment of Fixed Term Loan                                                                    (100,000)                              –
Drawdown of Revolving Credit Facility                                                               80,000                             –
Interest and Fees Paid on Bank Loans                                                               (2,165)                       (2,490)
Proceeds from Share Forfeiture                                                                         821                             –
Refund of Unclaimed Dividends                                                                          220                             –
Charity Donations                                                                                    (625)                             –
Net Cash Outflow From Financing Activities                                                      (224,670)                     (125,311)
Net (Decrease)/Increase in Cash                                                                  (70,187)                         12,748
Cash at the Start of the Year                                                                     145,736                       132,988
Net Unrealised Gains/(Losses) on Foreign Currency Cash and Cash
Equivalents                                                                                             0                            0
Cash at the End of the Year                                                                        75,549                      145,736

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements.

Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising From Bank Loans

                                                                     Liabilities as                            Liabilities as
                                                                at 31 March 2024 Cash Flows Profit & Loss at 31 March 2025
                                                                             £’000      £’000       £’000              £’000
Revolving Credit Facility                                                         –    80,000           -            80,000
- Interest and Fees Payable                                                       –      (71)         838                767
Fixed Term Loan                                                           100,000   (100,000)           -                   -
- Interest and Fees Payable                                                    349    (2,094)       1,745                   -
Total Liabilities From Bank Loans                                         100,349    (22,165)       2,583            80,767

                                                                     Liabilities as                            Liabilities as
                                                                at 31 March 2023 Cash Flows Profit & Loss at 31 March 2024
                                                                             £’000     £’000        £’000              £’000
Revolving Credit Facility                                                         –        –            –                   –
- Fees Payable                                                                    –    (401)          401                   –
Fixed Term Loan                                                           100,000          –            –           100,000
- Interest and Fees Payable                                                    343   (2,089)        2,095                349
Total Liabilities From Bank Loans                                         100,343    (2,490)        2,496           100,349
Notes to the financial statements
As at 31 March 2025

1   Accounting Policies

(a) Basis of preparation

The Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with UK adopted International Accounting
Standards. The Financial Statements have also been prepared in accordance with the Statement of Recommended Practice
(‘SORP’) for investment trusts issued by the Association of Investment Companies (‘AIC’) and updated in July 2022 insofar as
the SORP is compatible with International Accounting Standards.

The Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the measurement at fair value of certain
financial instruments. All financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised (or derecognised) on the date of the transaction
using ‘trade date accounting’. The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.

Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards

At the date of authorisation of these Financial Statements, the following standards were assessed to be relevant and are effective
for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024:
•   IAS 1 Amendments: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current. This amendment is designed to help preparers
    determine whether debt and other liabilities in the statement of financial position with an uncertain settlement date should be
    classified as current or non-current.

The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in the current reporting period.

At the date of authorisation of these Financial Statements, the following standards and interpretations which have not been applied
in these Financial Statements were in issue but not yet applicable:

Accounting Standards                                                   Effective Date for Annual Periods Beginning On or After
IAS 21 Amendments: Lack of Exchangeability                                                                       1 January 2025

The Directors expect that the amendments listed above will have either no impact or that any impact will not be material to the
Financial Statements of the Company in the next reporting periods.

Going concern

The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has sufficient resources to continue in operational existence for the
period to 31 March 2027, which is at least 12 months from the date of the approval of these Financial Statements. The Directors
reviewed income forecasts covering the next two financial years, including interest and fees arising from the revolving credit loan
facility. The Directors considered the principal and emerging risks and uncertainties disclosed in the full Annual Report.

At 31 March 2025, the Company had net current liabilities of £899,000 (31 March 2024: net current assets of £50,094,000). In
addition, the Company holds a portfolio of largely liquid assets that, if required, can be sold to maintain adequate cash balances to
meet its expected cash flows, including current liabilities relating to the loans under the £122 million multi-currency revolving
credit facility which will mature on 30 January 2026. The Directors also reviewed scenarios of a significant drop in value of the
assets and noted that in those scenarios they would still be significantly higher than the Company’s liabilities. They have also
confirmed the resiliency of the Company’s key service providers and are satisfied that their contingency plans and working
arrangements are sustainable.

The Board has established a framework of prudent and effective controls performed periodically by the Audit and Risk
Committee, which enable risks to be assessed and managed. Therefore, the going concern basis has been adopted in preparing the
Company’s Financial Statements. The Going Concern statement is set out in the full Annual Report.

Functional currency

As the Company is a UK investment trust, whose share capital is issued in the UK and denominated in sterling, the Directors
consider that the functional currency of the Company is sterling.

Estimates, assumptions and judgements

There have been no significant estimates, assumptions or judgements for the year.

In preparing these Financial Statements, the Directors have considered the impact of climate change as a principal risk as set out
in the full Annual Report and have concluded that there was no further impact of climate change to be considered as the
investments are valued based on market pricing. In line with UK adopted International Accounting Standards the investments are
valued at fair value, which for the Company are the bid prices quoted on the relevant stock exchange at the date of the Statement
of Financial Position and therefore reflect market participants’ views of climate change risk on the investments held.

(b) Presentation of statement of comprehensive income

To reflect accurately the activities of an investment trust company and in accordance with guidance issued by the AIC,
supplementary information which analyses the Statement of Comprehensive Income between items of a revenue and capital nature
has been presented within the Statement of Comprehensive Income. In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association,
net capital profits may not be distributed by way of dividend. Additionally, the net revenue is the measure that the Directors
believe appropriate in assessing the Company’s compliance with certain requirements set out in Section 1158 of the Corporation
Tax Act 2010.

(c) Income

Dividends receivable on equity shares are treated as revenue for the year on an ex-dividend basis. Where no ex-dividend date is
available, dividends are recognised on their due date. Provision is made for any dividends not expected to be received.

Where the Company has elected to receive its dividends in the form of additional shares rather than in cash, the amount of the
cash dividend is recognised in the revenue column of the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Any excess in the value of the
shares received over the amount of the cash dividend forgone is recognised in the capital column of the Statement of
Comprehensive Income.

Special dividends receivable are treated as repayment of capital or as revenue depending on the facts of each particular case.
Interest on bank deposits is recognised on an accrual basis.

Stock lending income is shown gross of associated costs and recognised in revenue as earned.

(d) Expenses

All expenses are accounted for on an accrual basis and are charged through the revenue and capital sections of the Statement of
Comprehensive Income according to the Directors’ expectation of future returns except as follows:

•   Expenses relating to the purchase or disposal of an investment are treated as capital. Details of transaction costs on purchases
    and sales of investments are disclosed in Note 8; and

•   Expenses are treated as capital where a connection with the maintenance or enhancement of the value of the investments can
    be demonstrated. From 1 October 2024, the allocation of the annual AIFM fee to the capital account was changed from 70%
    to 75%, with the remainder being allocated to revenue. The Board believes that this is more reflective of the expected long-
    term split of returns between capital and revenue.

(e) Finance costs

Finance costs relating to bank loans are accounted for on an accrual basis using the effective interest method in the Statement of
Comprehensive Income according to the Directors’ expectations of future returns. Finance costs relate to interest and fees on bank
loans and overdrafts. From 1 October 2024, the allocation of finance costs to the capital account, except for interest and fees on
overdrafts, was changed from 70% to 75%. The Board believes that this is more reflective of the expected long-term split of
returns between capital and revenue.

(f) Taxation

The tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred tax. Tax receivables will be recognised when it is probable that the
benefit will flow to the entity and the benefit can be reliably measured. In line with the recommendations of the SORP, the
allocation method used to calculate tax relief on expenses presented against capital returns in the supplementary information in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income is the ‘marginal basis’. Under this basis, if taxable income is capable of being offset entirely
by expenses presented in the revenue return column of the Statement of Comprehensive Income, then no tax relief is transferred to
the capital return column.

Deferred taxation is recognised in respect of all taxable temporary differences that have originated but not reversed at the year-end
date, where transactions or events that result in an obligation to pay more tax in the future or rights to pay less tax in the future
have occurred at the year-end date.

This is subject to deferred tax assets only being recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the rates
applicable to the legal jurisdictions in which they arise.

Due to the Company’s status as an investment trust company, and its intention to continue to meet the eligibility conditions of
Section 1158 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010 and the ongoing requirements of The Investment Trust (Approved Company) (Tax)
Regulations 2011, the Company has not provided deferred tax in respect of UK corporation tax on any capital gains and losses
arising on the revaluation or disposal of investments. Where appropriate, the Company provides for deferred tax in respect of
overseas taxes on any capital gains arising on the revaluation of investments.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each year-end date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

(g) Investments held at fair value through profit or loss

The Company classifies its equity investments based on their contractual cash flow characteristics and the Company’s business
model for managing the assets. The Company’s business is investing in financial assets with a view to profiting from their total
return in the form of revenue and capital growth. This portfolio of financial assets is managed, and its performance evaluated on a
fair value basis, in accordance with a documented investment strategy, and information about the portfolio is provided internally
on that basis to the Company’s Directors and other key management personnel. Equity investments do not meet the contractual
cash flows test so are measured at fair value. Accordingly, upon initial recognition, all the Company’s non-current asset
investments are held at ‘fair value through profit or loss’. They are included initially at fair value, which is taken to be their cost
excluding expenses incidental to the acquisition.
Subsequently, the investments are valued at ‘fair value’, which is measured as follows:

The fair value of financial instruments at the year-end date is, ordinarily, based on the latest quoted bid price at, or before, the US
market close (without deduction for any of the estimated future selling costs), if the instrument is held in active markets. This
represents a Level 1 classification under IFRS 13. For all financial instruments not traded in an active market or where market
price is not deemed representative of fair value, valuation techniques are employed to determine fair value. Valuation techniques
include the market approach (i.e. using recent arm’s length market transactions adjusted as necessary and reference to the market
value of another instrument that is substantially the same) and the income approach (i.e., discounted cash flow analysis making
use of available and supportable market data as possible).

Gains and losses arising from changes in fair value are included in the net profit or loss for the period as a capital item in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income.

(h) Foreign currencies

Transactions involving foreign currencies are translated to sterling (the Company’s functional currency) at the spot exchange rates
ruling on the date of the transactions. Assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated at the rates of exchange at the year-
end date. Foreign currency gains and losses are included in the Statement of Comprehensive Income and allocated as capital or
income depending on the nature of the transaction giving rise to the gain or loss.

(i) Financial instruments

Cash comprises cash in hand and demand deposits. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily
convertible to known amounts of cash that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

Bank loans are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost. They are initially measured as the proceeds net of direct issue
costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost. Interest payable on the bank loan is accounted for on an accrual basis in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income. The amortisation of direct issue costs is accounted for on an accrual basis in the Statement
of Comprehensive Income using the effective interest method.

(j) Share capital and reserves

Equity Share Capital – represents the nominal value of the issued share capital. This reserve is not distributable.

Capital Redemption Reserve – represents the nominal value of shares repurchased and cancelled. This reserve is not distributable.

Capital Reserve – gains and losses on realisation of investments; changes in fair value of investments which are readily
convertible to cash, without accepting adverse terms; realised exchange differences of a capital nature; changes in the fair value of
investments that are not readily convertible to cash, without accepting adverse terms; and the amounts by which other assets and
liabilities valued at fair value differ from their book value are within this reserve. Additionally, from 1 October 2024 75% (prior to
1 October 2024: 70%) of the annual AIFM fee and finance costs are charged to this reserve in accordance with accounting policies
1(d) and 1(e). Purchases of the Company’s own shares are funded from the realised component of the Capital Reserve. The
Company’s Articles of Association preclude it from making any distribution of capital profits by way of dividend. If treasury
shares are subsequently cancelled, the nominal value is transferred out of Equity Share Capital and into the Capital Redemption
Reserve.

Special Distributable Reserve – reserve created upon the transfer of the balances of the Share Premium Account and of the Capital
Redemption Reserve in December 2008. This reserve is fully distributable.

Revenue Reserve – represents net income earned that has not been distributed to shareholders. This reserve is fully distributable.

Income recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income is allocated to applicable reserves in the Statement of Changes in
Equity.

2   Income
                                                                                    2025                              2024
                                                                        Revenue      Capital    Total    Revenue      Capital     Total
                                                                          £’000       £’000     £’000      £’000       £’000      £’000
Dividends(a)
International Dividends                                                   65,234       3,944 69,178        64,489       6,560    71,049
UK Dividends                                                                 119           –    119           861           –       861
                                                                          65,353       3,944 69,297        65,350       6,560    71,910
Other Income
Bank and Deposit Interest                                                   5,015          –    5,015       6,518           –     6,518
Stock Lending Income                                                           23          –       23          18           –        18
                                                                            5,038          –    5,038       6,536           –     6,536
Total                                                                   70,391      3,944 74,335        71,886      6,560     78,446

(a) The Company received special dividends amounting to £8.6 million (2024: £8.2 million) of which £3.9 million (2024: £6.6
    million) was classified as capital and £4.7 million (2024: £1.6 million) was classified as revenue.

3   AIFM Fee
                                                                                  2025                             2024
                                                                     Revenue      Capital Total       Revenue      Capital     Total
                                                                       £’000        £’000 £’000         £’000        £’000     £’000
AIFM Fee                                                                4,792      12,620 17,412         5,130      11,970    17,100

The AIFM fee is paid monthly and based on the month end total net assets of the Company. From 1 July 2024, the AIFM fee was
reduced to 1% of the first £1 billion of net assets, 0.70% of net assets between £1 billion and £2 billion, and 0.50% of net assets
over £2 billion. The previous fee structure was 1% of the first £1 billion of net assets, 0.75% of net assets between £1 billion and
£2 billion, and 0.50% of net assets over £2 billion.

From 1 October 2024, 75% of the annual AIFM fee has been allocated to the capital account, with the remainder being allocated
to revenue. The previous allocation was 70%.


4   Other Expenses
                                                                                              2025                              2024
                                                                                             £’000                             £’000
Custody Fees                                                                                   502                                432
Marketing Fees                                                                                 352                                344
Directors’ Remuneration                                                                        344                                333
Membership Fees                                                                                205                                171
Tax Advisory Fees/(Tax Advisory Fees Net of Refund)                                            175                               (98)
Registrar Fees                                                                                 172                                117
Depository Fees                                                                                169                                166
Auditor’s Remuneration
  - Audit of the Annual Financial Statements                                                    56                                55
  - Review of the Half Yearly Report                                                            11                                10
Broker Fees                                                                                     43                                40
Printing and Postage Fees                                                                       23                                17
Other Expenses                                                                                 242                               187
Total                                                                                        2,294                             1,774

5   Finance Costs

                                                                                 2025                              2024
                                                                   Revenue       Capital     Total    Revenue      Capital     Total
                                                                     £’000         £’000     £’000      £’000        £’000     £’000
Fixed Term Loan                                                        488         1,257     1,745        629        1,466     2,095
Revolving Credit Facility                                              210           628       838        120          281       401
Bank Overdraft Interest                                                  2             –         2          2            –         2
Total                                                                  700         1,885     2,585        751        1,747     2,498

6   Tax on Ordinary Activities

                                                                                 2025                              2024
                                                                   Revenue       Capital      Total   Revenue      Capital Total
                                                                     £’000         £’000      £’000     £’000        £’000 £’000
Irrecoverable Overseas Withholding Tax                                4,682            –      4,682      5,366           – 5,366
Capital Gains Tax Paid                                                    –        3,306      3,306          –       4,482 4,482
Total Current Tax                                                     4,682        3,306      7,988      5,366       4,482 9,848
Capital Gains Tax Provision                                               –        5,813      5,813          –         719    719
Total                                                                 4,682        9,119     13,801      5,366       5,201 10,567

                                                                                              2025                              2024
                                                                                             £’000                             £’000
Profit Before Taxation                                                                     167,497                           150,893
Theoretical Tax at UK Corporation Tax Rate of 25%                                           41,874                            37,723
Effects of:
  - Capital Element of (Profit)/Loss                                                       (29,849)                          (25,095)
  - Irrecoverable Overseas Withholding Tax                                                   4,682                              5,366
  - Excess Management Expenses                                                               2,733                              2,224
  - Overseas Capital Gains Tax Paid                                                          3,306                              4,482
  - Dividends Not Subject to Corporation Tax                                              (14,543)                           (14,421)
  - Movement in Overseas Capital Gains Tax Liability                                         5,813                                719
  - UK Dividends                                                                              (30)                              (215)
  - Overseas Tax Expensed                                                                    (185)                              (216)
Actual Tax Charge                                                                           13,801                             10,567

As at 31 March 2025 the Company had unutilised management expenses and non-trade deficits of £315.3 million carried forward
(2024: £304.4 million). These balances have been generated because a large part of the Company’s income is derived from
dividends which are not taxed. Based on current UK tax law, the Company is not expected to generate taxable income in a future
period in excess of deductible expenses for that period and, accordingly, is unlikely to be able to reduce future tax liabilities by
offsetting these excess management expenses. These excess management expenses are therefore not recognised as a deferred tax
asset of £78.8 million (2024: £76.1 million) based on a prospective corporation tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%). The UK corporation
tax rate is currently 25%.

Movement in Provision for Capital Gains Tax (a)
                                                                                              2025                               2024
                                                                                             £’000                              £’000
Balance Brought Forward                                                                     10,463                              9,744
Charge For the Year                                                                          9,119                              5,201
Capital Gains Tax Paid                                                                     (3,306)                            (4,482)
Balance Carried Forward                                                                     16,276                             10,463

(a) A provision for deferred capital gains tax has been recognised in relation to unrealised gains for holdings in India.

7   Earnings per Share

                                                                                2025                               2024
                                                                   Revenue      Capital   Total      Revenue       Capital Total
                                                                     £’000        £’000   £’000        £’000         £’000 £’000
Earnings                                                            57,923       95,773 153,696       58,865        81,461 140,326

                                                                                2025                            2024
                                                                     Revenue Capital         Total Revenue       Capital Total
                                                                        pence      pence    pence       pence      pence pence
Earnings per Share                                                       5.41        8.95    14.36        5.18       7.17 12.35
The earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity holders and on the weighted average number of shares in issue,
excluding shares held in treasury, during the year of 1,070,018,105 (year to 31 March 2024: 1,136,517,365).

8   Financial Assets - Investments
                                                                                              2025                              2024
                                                                                             £’000                             £’000
Opening Investments
Book Cost                                                                               1,740,112                           1,705,635
Net Unrealised Gains                                                                      255,120                             287,140
Opening Fair Value                                                                      1,995,232                           1,992,775
Movements in the Year
Additions at Cost                                                                         399,390                             463,628
Disposals Proceeds                                                                      (507,861)                           (555,807)
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                                    115,856                              94,636
                                                                                        2,002,617                           1,995,232
Closing Investments
Book Cost                                                                               1,710,894                           1,740,112
Net Unrealised Gains                                                                      291,723                             255,120
Closing Investments                                                                     2,002,617                           1,995,232

All investments have been recognised at fair value with gains and losses recorded through the Statement of Comprehensive
Income. Transaction costs for the year on purchases were £404,000 (2024: £546,000) and transaction costs for the year on sales
were £978,000 (2024: £1,210,000). The aggregate transaction costs for the year were £1,382,000 (2024: £1,756,000).

                                                                                              2025                              2024
                                                                                             £’000                             £’000
Net Gains/(Losses) on Investments at Fair Value Comprise:
Net Realised Gains on Sale of Investments at Fair Value                                    79,253                            126,656
Net Movement in Unrealised Gains/(Losses)                                                       36,603                             (32,020)
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                                         115,856                               94,636

9   Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                   2025                               2024
                                                                                                  £’000                              £’000
Dividends Receivable                                                                              8,153                              8,277
Overseas Tax Recoverable                                                                            142                                516
Sales Awaiting Settlement                                                                            55                              1,783
Other Debtors                                                                                        24                                183
Total                                                                                             8,374                             10,759

10 Current Payables
                                                                                                   2025                               2024
                                                                                                  £’000                              £’000
Revolving Credit Facility Payable                                                                80,000                                  –
AIFM Fee                                                                                          1,446                              1,369
Purchase of Investments for Future Settlement                                                     1,048                              3,667
Interest and Fees on Revolving Credit Facility                                                      767                                  –
Amounts Owed for Share Buybacks                                                                     658                                462
Accrued Expenses                                                                                    487                                554
Fixed Term Loan                                                                                       –                            100,000
Interest and Fees on Fixed Term Loan                                                                  –                                349
Total                                                                                            84,406                            106,401

Fixed term loan

On 31 January 2020, the Company entered into a term loan (the ‘term loan’) for a period of five years with Scotiabank Europe plc
for £100 million. With effect from 28 September 2022, the term loan was transferred by novation from Scotiabank Europe plc to
The Bank of Nova Scotia, London Branch. All other contractual terms and conditions remained the same. The term loan was fully
repaid upon its maturity on 31 January 2025.

The term loan incurred interest at the fixed rate of 2.089%. Under the conditions of the term loan, the net assets were not to be less than
£1,015 million and the adjusted net asset coverage to all borrowings was not to be less than 3.5:1.
The facility was shown at amortised cost. From 1 October 2024, interest costs were charged to capital (75%) and revenue (25%).
This is in accordance with the Company’s revised accounting policies. Previously, interest costs were charged to capital (70%)
and revenue (30%). The Board believes that this is more reflective of the expected long-term split of returns between capital and
revenue.

Revolving credit facility

On 31 January 2025, the Company entered into a £122 million multi-currency unsecured revolving credit facility (the ‘facility’)
for a period of one year with The Bank of Nova Scotia, London Branch.

The fee on unutilised commitments is a flat fee of 0.40% per annum.

Under the facility balances can be drawn down in GBP, USD or CNH. The interest margin is 1.10% as follows: USD drawdowns
incur interest at 1.10% per annum over the daily secured overnight financing rate (‘SOFR’) administered by the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, GBP drawdowns incur interest at 1.10% per annum over the daily sterling overnight index average (‘SONIA’)
published by the Bank of England and CNH drawdowns incur interest at 1.10% per annum over the Hong Kong Interbank Offered
Rate (‘HIBOR’) as quoted by the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited.

Under the terms of the facility, the net assets cannot be less than £1,015 million and the adjusted net asset coverage to all
borrowings cannot be less than 3.5:1.

On 31 January 2025, the Company drew down £80 million in GBP from the revolving credit facility, of which £40 million is
repayable within three months. The remaining £40 million is repayable within six months. Facility drawdowns are shown at
amortised cost and revalued for exchange rate movements. Any gain or loss arising from changes in exchange rates is included in
the capital reserves and shown in the capital column of the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Interest costs are charged to
capital (75%) and revenue (25%) in accordance with the Company’s accounting policies.

11 Provisions
                                                                                                 2025                                  2024
                                                                                                £’000                                 £’000
Provision for claims arising from share forfeitures                                               416                                     –
Total                                                                                             416                                     –
The Company completed a shareholder tracing exercise for unidentified shareholdings and completed a legal forfeiture and
disposal exercise. This resulted in £821,000 and £220,000 being returned to the Company for forfeited shares and unclaimed
dividends, respectively. A donation of £625,000 was subsequently made by the Company to four charities selected by the Board.
The remaining £416,000 will be kept for a period of 3 years in the case that verified ownership is established. Further details can
be found in the full Annual Report.

12 Equity Share Capital

                                                                                 2025                              2024
Ordinary Shares In Issue                                                £’000           Number             £’000           Number
Opening Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                                     55,741      1,114,818,617          57,957      1,159,138,372
Purchase and Cancellation of Own Shares                               (4,500)       (89,989,892)         (2,216)       (44,319,755)
Closing Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                                     51,241      1,024,828,725          55,741      1,114,818,617

                                                                                 2025                              2024
Ordinary Shares Held In Treasury                                        £’000           Number             £’000             Number
Opening Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                                      5,191        103,825,895           5,191          103,825,895
Cancellation of Shares                                                (2,191)       (43,825,895)               –                    –
Closing Ordinary Shares of 5 Pence                                      3,000         60,000,000           5,191          103,825,895
Total Ordinary Shares In Issue and Held In Treasury at the
End of the Year                                                       54,241       1,084,828,725          60,932      1,218,644,512

The Company’s shares (except those held in treasury) have unrestricted voting rights at all general meetings, are entitled to all of
the profits available for distribution by way of dividend and are entitled to repayment of all of the Company’s capital on winding
up.

During the year, 89,989,892 shares were bought back for cancellation at a cost of £149,230,200 (2024: 44,319,755 shares were
bought back for cancellation at a cost of £65,929,000). All shares bought back in the year were cancelled, with none being placed
in treasury (2024: no shares were placed into treasury).

On 25 March 2025, 43,825,895 shares held in Treasury were cancelled. Following cancellation, 60,000,000 shares remained in
Treasury.

13 Dividends
                                                                            2025                                   2024
                                                                 Rate (pence)             £’000    Rate (pence)                £’000
Declared and Paid in the Financial Year

Dividend on Shares:
Final Dividends for the Years Ended 31 March 2024 and 31
March 2023                                                                3.00          32,906              3.00              34,562
Interim Dividends for the Six-Month Periods Ended 30
September 2024 and 30 September 2023                                      2.00          20,981              2.00              22,475
Total                                                                     5.00          53,887              5.00              57,037
Proposed for Approval at the Company’s AGM
Dividend on Shares:
Final Dividend for the Year Ended 31 March 2025                           3.25          33,046              3.00              33,138

Dividends are recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive the payment is established. In the case of the final dividend, this
means that it is not recognised until approval is received from shareholders at the AGM. The proposed final dividend of 3.25
pence per share will be funded from the revenue reserve and the payment of this dividend will not threaten the going concern or
viability of the Company.

14 Related Party Transactions

There were no transactions with related parties, other than the fees paid to the Directors and the AIFM during the financial years
ended 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 respectively, which have a material effect on the results or the financial position of the
Company. Details of fees paid to the Directors and details of the fee paid to the AIFM are included in the full Annual Report.

15 Risk Management

In pursuing the Company’s objective, as set out in the full Annual Report, the Company holds a number of financial instruments
which are exposed to a variety of risks that could result in either a reduction in the Company’s net assets or a reduction in the
profits available for dividends.
The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are investment and concentration risk, market risk (which
comprises market price risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk), liquidity risk and counterparty and credit risk.

The objectives, policies and processes for managing these risks, and the methods used to measure the risks, are set out below.
These policies have remained unchanged since the beginning of the year to which these Financial Statements relate.

Investment and concentration risk

The Company may invest a greater portion of its assets than the benchmark in the securities of one issuer, securities of a particular
country, or securities within one sector. As a result, there is the potential for an increased concentration of exposure to economic,
business, political or other changes affecting similar issues or securities, which may result in greater fluctuation in the value of the
portfolio. Investment risk and a certain degree of concentration risk is a known and necessary effect of the stated investment
approach in line with the investment policy. The Directors regularly review the portfolio composition and asset allocation and
discuss related developments with the Investment Managers. Security, country, and sector concentrations are monitored by the
Manager’s risk and compliance teams on a regular basis and any concerns are highlighted to the Investment Managers for
remedial action and brought to the attention of the Directors.

Market price risk

Market risk arises mainly from uncertainties about future prices of financial instruments held. It represents the potential loss that
the Company might suffer through holding market positions in the face of price movements.

The Directors meet quarterly to consider the asset allocation of the portfolio and to discuss the risks associated with particular
securities, countries or sectors. The Investment Managers select securities in the portfolio in accordance with the investment
policy, and the overall asset allocation parameters described above, and seek to ensure that individual stocks also meet the
intended risk/reward profile.

The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge the investment portfolio against market price risk.

100% (2024: 100%) of the Company’s investment portfolio is listed on stock exchanges. If share prices as at 31 March 2025 had
decreased by 30% (2024: 30% decrease) with all other variables remaining constant, the Statement of Comprehensive Income
capital return and the net assets attributable to equity shareholders would have decreased by £600,785,000 (2024: £598,570,000).
A 30% increase (2024: 30% increase) in share prices would have resulted in a proportionate equal and opposite effect on the
above amounts, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.

Foreign currency risk

Currency translation movements can significantly affect the income and capital value of the Company’s investments, as the
majority of the Company’s assets and income are denominated in currencies other than sterling, which is the Company’s
functional currency.

The Investment Managers have identified three principal areas where foreign currency risk could affect the Company:

•   Movements in rates affect the value of investments;
•   Movements in rates affect short-term timing differences; and
•   Movements in rates affect the income received.

The Company does not hedge the sterling value of investments that are priced in other currencies. The Company may be subject to
short-term exposure to exchange rate movements, for instance where there is a difference between the date on which an
investment purchase or sale is entered into and the date on which it is settled.

The Company receives income in currencies other than sterling and the sterling values of this income can be affected by
movements in exchange rates. The Company converts all receipts of income into sterling on or near the date of receipt. However,
it does not hedge or otherwise seek to avoid rate movement risk on income accrued but not received.

The fair value of the Company’s items denominated in a foreign currency as at 31 March are shown below:

2025
                                                                                                     Investments at
                                  Trade and                Trade, Bank Loans, Total Net Foreign Fair Value Through
                           Other Receivables Cash at Bank and Other Payables Currency Exposure        Profit or Loss
Currency                               £’000         £’000              £’000             £’000                £’000
Hong Kong dollar                          51             –                  –                51              390,136
Taiwan dollar                          1,165             –              (406)               759              335,133
Korean won                             5,373             –                  –             5,373              310,143
Indian rupee                                  –               –                (16,312)               (16,312)                280,837
US dollar                                   889               –                   (609)                    280                198,907
Euro                                          –               –                       –                      –                132,880
Other                                       872              48                     (1)                    919                352,538

2024
                                                                                                       Investments at
                                    Trade and                Trade, Bank Loans, Total Net Foreign Fair Value Through
                             Other Receivables Cash at Bank and Other Payables Currency Exposure        Profit or Loss
Currency                                 £’000         £’000               £’000             £’000               £’000
Korean won                                   –             –                   –                 –             426,407
Hong Kong dollar                         1,783             1                   –             1,784             371,454
Taiwan dollar                              516             –                   –               516             358,245
Indian rupee                                 –             –                   –                 –             246,587
US dollar                                    –             –                   –                 –             183,034
Other                                        –            99             (3,667)           (3,568)             382,705

The above tables are based on the currencies of the country where shares are listed rather than the underlying currencies of the
countries where the companies earn revenue.

As at 31 March 2025, 70.2% (2024: 69.3%) of investments denominated in US dollar, Hong Kong dollar and Euro are Chinese
companies with exposure to the Chinese yuan. The total exposure to Chinese yuan was £549.3 million (2024: £490.3 million), out
of which £42.2 million (2024: £33.0 million) were investments denominated in Chinese yuan.

Foreign currency sensitivity

The following table illustrates the foreign currency sensitivity on the revenue and capital return. The revenue return impact
represents the impact on total income (which is mainly comprised of dividend income) had sterling strengthened relative to all
currencies by 10% throughout the year.

The capital return impact represents the impact of the financial assets and liabilities of the Company if sterling had strengthened
by 10% relative to all currencies on the reporting date. With all other variables held constant, the revenue and capital return would
have decreased by the below amounts.

                                                                       2025                                   2024
                                                           Revenue Return Capital Return          Revenue Return Capital Return
                                                                    £’000          £’000                   £’000          £’000
Hong Kong Dollar                                                       72         39,013                     655         37,324
Taiwan Dollar                                                         888         33,589                   1,253         35,876
Korean Won                                                            789         31,552                     853         42,641
Indian Rupee                                                          243         26,452                     237         24,659
US Dollar                                                              54         19,979                     789         18,303
Other                                                               4,482         48,633                   2,663         37,914
Total                                                               6,528        199,218                   6,450        196,717

A 10% weakening of sterling against all currencies would have resulted in an equal and opposite effect on the above amounts.

Interest rate risk

The Company is permitted to invest in interest bearing securities. Any change to the interest rates relevant to particular securities
may result in income either increasing or decreasing, or the Investment Managers being unable to secure similar returns on the
expiry of contracts or the sale of securities. In addition, changes to prevailing rates or changes in expectations of future rates may
result in an increase or decrease in the value of the securities held and the interest payable on bank loans when interest rates are
reset.

The fixed term loan incurred a fixed rate of interest and was carried at amortised cost rather than fair value. Hence, movements in
interest rates would not affect net asset values, as reported under the Company’s accounting policies.

Interest rate risk profile

The exposure of the financial assets and liabilities to floating interest rate risks at 31 March is shown below:


                                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                                             £’000              £’000
Cash                                                                                                       75,549            145,736
Bank loans – Revolving Credit Facility                                                                   (80,000)                  –
Net Exposure at Year End                                                                                  (4,451)            145,736

Exposures vary throughout the year as a consequence of changes in the make-up of the net assets of the Company. Cash balances
are held on call deposit and earn interest at the bank’s daily rate. The Company’s net assets are sensitive to changes in interest
rates on borrowings. There was no exposure to fixed interest investment securities during the year or at the year end.

Interest rate sensitivity

If the above level of cash and revolving credit facility were maintained for a year and interest rates were 100 basis points higher or
lower, the net profit after taxation would be impacted by the following amounts:

                                                                      2025                               2024
                                                        100 Basis Points 100 Basis Points 100 Basis Points 100 Basis Points
                                                        Increase in Rate Decrease in Rate Increase in Rate Decrease in Rate
                                                                   £’000            £’000            £’000             £’000
Revenue                                                              555            (555)            1,457           (1,457)
Capital                                                            (600)              600                –                 –
Total                                                               (45)               45            1,457           (1,457)

Liquidity risk

The Company’s assets comprise mainly securities listed on the stock exchanges of emerging economies. Liquidity can vary from
market to market and some securities may take a significant period to sell. As a closed ended investment trust, liquidity risks
attributable to the Company are less significant than for an open-ended fund.

The risk of the Company not having sufficient liquidity at any time to meet its obligations associated with financial liabilities is
considered by the Board to be mitigated, given the large number of quoted investments held in the portfolio and the liquid nature
of the portfolio of investments.
The Investment Managers review liquidity at the time of making each investment decision and monitor the evolving liquidity
profile of the portfolio regularly.

The below table details the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities as at 31 March 2025, based on the earliest date
on which payment can be required and current exchange rates as at the balance sheet date:

                                              More Than One Year More Than Two Years
                               In One Year     and Not Later Than and Not Later Than        More Than
As at 31 March 2025           or Less £’000       Two Years £’000   Three Years £’000 Three Years £’000 Total £’000
Revolving Credit Facility            84,596                     –                   –                 –     84,596
Fixed Term Loan                           –                     –                   –                 –           –
Other Payables                        4,055                     –                   –                 –       4,055
Total                                88,651                     –                   –                 –     88,651

                                              More Than One Year More Than Two Years
                               In One Year     and Not Later Than and Not Later Than        More Than
As at 31 March 2024           or Less £’000       Two Years £’000   Three Years £’000 Three Years £’000 Total £’000
Revolving Credit Facility                 –                     –                   –                 –           –
Fixed Term Loan                    102,095                      –                   –                 –    102,095
Other Payables                        6,052                     –                   –                 –       6,052
Total                              108,147                      –                   –                 –    108,147

Counterparty and credit risk

Certain transactions in securities that the Company enters into expose it to the risk that the counterparty will not deliver the
investment (purchase) or cash (in relation to sale or declared dividend) after the Company has fulfilled its responsibilities. The
Company only buys and sells through brokers which have been approved by the Investment Managers as an acceptable
counterparty. Limits are set as to the maximum exposure to any individual broker that may exist at any time. Total exposure is
compared to monetary limits that vary based on the size and creditworthiness of the counterparty. Counterparty spreads and
capital ratios are reviewed periodically. The amounts under trade and other receivables and cash and cash equivalents shown in
the Statement of Financial Position represent the maximum credit risk exposure at the year end.

The Company has an ongoing contract with its custodian (JPMorgan Chase Bank) for the provision of custody services.
As part of the annual risk and custody review, the Company reviewed the custody services provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank
and concluded that, while there are inherent custody risks in investing in emerging markets, the custody network employed by
TEMIT has appropriate controls in place to mitigate those risks, and that these controls are consistent with recommended industry
practices and standards.

Securities held in custody are held in the Company’s name or to its accounts. Details of holdings are received and reconciled
monthly. Cash is actively managed by Franklin Templeton and is typically invested in overnight time deposits in the name of
TEMIT with an approved list of counterparties. Any excess cash not invested will remain in a JPMorgan Chase interest bearing
account. There is no significant risk on debtors and accrued income or tax at the year end.

During the year, the Company participated in a securities lending programme through JPMorgan as the lending agents. All
securities on loan are Level 1 financial instruments, and their value is determined by reference to the trading prices on the stock
market. As at 31 March 2025, the market value of the securities on loan and the corresponding collateral received were as follows:

                                                                 31 March 2025                             31 March 2024
                                                         Market Value of Market Value of           Market Value of Market Value of
                                                           Securities on      Collateral             Securities on      Collateral
Counterparty                                                 Loan £’000 Received £’000                 Loan £’000 Received £’000
Merrill Lynch International                                            –               –                     3,831          5,082
UBS                                                                    –               –                       211            276
Total                                                                  –               –                     4,042          5,358

The maximum aggregate value of securities on loan at any time during the year was £3,887,541 (2024: £5,892,895). Full details of
the collateral received is noted in the full Annual Report.

Fair value

Fair values are derived as follows:

•   Where assets are denominated in a foreign currency, they are converted into the sterling amount using period-end rates of
    exchange;
•   Investments held by the Company on the basis set out in the accounting policies included in Note 1; and
•   Other financial assets and liabilities at the carrying value which is a reasonable approximation of the fair value.

The tables below analyse financial instruments carried at fair value by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as
follows:

Level 1. Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;

Level 2. Inputs other than quoted prices included with level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (prices)
         or indirectly (derived from prices); and

Level 3. Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

The hierarchy valuation of listed investments through profit and loss is shown below:

                                                      31 March 2025                                     31 March 2024
                                              Level 1 Level 2 Level 3             Total         Level 1 Level 2 Level 3       Total
                                                £’000   £’000   £’000             £’000           £’000  £’000    £’000       £’000
Listed Investments                          2,002,617       –     – (a)       2,002,617       1,995,232       –      –(a) 1,995,232

(a) As at 31 March 2025 investments in Russian securities, LUKOIL and Sberbank of Russia, continue to be fair valued at zero
    and classified as Level 3 due to the inability of the Company to access the local Moscow equity markets and the very limited
    access to the over-the-counter market. The fair value of these investments is based on a liquidity discount of 100% to the last
    traded price for an exit price of zero.
The following table presents the movement in Level 3 investments for the year ended:

                                                                                                   31 March 2025       31 March 2024
                                                                                                            £’000               £’000
Opening Balance                                                                                                 –                   –
Additions at Cost – Purchase of Level 3 Assets                                                           37,952(a)                  –
Transfers From Level 3 Into Level 1                                                                    (55,095)(a)                  –
Disposal Proceeds – Sale of Level 3 Assets                                                                      –           (7,766)(b)
Net Gains on Investments at Fair Value                                                                    18,122                7,766
Net Losses on Foreign Exchange                                                                              (979)                   –
Level 3 Closing Balance                                                                                     –                      –

(a) Represents the investment in Swiggy which was acquired during the year and initially classified as Level 3 due to its unlisted
    status. Following an initial public offering and its subsequent listing on 13 November 2024, the holding in Swiggy was
    transferred from Level 3 to Level 1.
(b) Represents the sale of the holding in Yandex on 23 May 2023 for £7,766,000.


The fixed term loan was shown at amortised cost within the Statement of Financial Position. If the fixed term loan was shown at
fair value the impact would be:

                                                                                              31 March 2025       31 March 2024
                                                                                                      £’000               £’000
Fixed Term Loan at Amortised Cost                                                                         –             100,000
Fixed Term Loan at Fair Value                                                                             –              96,770
Increase in Net Assets                                                                                    –               3,230

The fair value of the fixed term loan included in the table above was calculated by aggregating the expected future cash flows
which was discounted at a rate comprising the sum of the SONIA rate plus a spread. The fixed term loan at fair value was classed
as Level 2. The fixed term loan matured on 31 January 2025.


16 Significant Holdings in Investee Undertakings

As at 31 March 2025, TEMIT had no significant holdings of 3% or more of the issued class of security within the portfolio whose
shares are admitted to trading. As at 31 March 2024, TEMIT held 3% or more of the issued class of security in the following
portfolio holding whose shares are admitted to trading:
                                                                     31 March 2025                      31 March 2024
                                                                   % of Issued                        % of Issued
                                                                 Security Class Fair Value         Security Class Fair Value
Holding                                                        Held by TEMIT           £’000 Held by TEMIT                 £’000
Haier Smart Home                                                              –             –                   3.0        9,072

17 Contingent Liabilities

No contingent liabilities existed as at 31 March 2025 or 31 March 2024.

18 Contingent Assets

No contingent assets existed as at 31 March 2025 or 31 March 2024.

19 Financial Commitments

No financial commitments existed as at 31 March 2025 or 31 March 2024.

20 Capital Management Policies and Procedures

The Company’s objective is to provide long-term capital appreciation for private and institutional investors seeking exposure to
global emerging markets, supported by a culture of both strong customer service and corporate governance.

The Board monitors and regularly reviews the structure of the Company’s capital on an ongoing basis. This review includes the
investment performance and outlook, discount management mechanisms including share buybacks, gearing and the extent to
which revenue in excess of that which is required to be distributed under the investment trust rules should be retained.

The Company’s investment policy allows borrowing of up to 20% of net assets, measured at the time of borrowing.

As at 31 March 2025, the Company had share capital and reserves of £1,985,442,000 (31 March 2024: £2,034,863,000). The
Company’s policies and procedures for managing capital are consistent with the previous year.

21 Events After the Reporting Period

The £40m tranche of debt matured on 30 April 2025, this was partly replaced by borrowing CNH 300million, equivalent to £30.9
million at the time of drawdown.

The proposed final dividend, which is disclosed in Note 13.
The statutory accounts for the period ended 31 March 2025 received an audit report which was unqualified, did not include a
reference to any matters to which the Auditors drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying the report, and did not
contain statements under section 498(2) and (3) of the Companies Act 2006, and will be delivered to the Registrar of Companies.

The Annual Report and Accounts will be sent to Shareholders shortly. Copies will be uploaded and available for viewing on the
National Storage Mechanism, copies will also be posted to the website www.temit.co.uk and may also be requested during normal
business hours from Client Dealer Services at Franklin Templeton Investment Management Limited on freephone 0800 305 306.

For further information please e-mail temitcosec@franklintempleton.com
