                        Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust PLC (“TEMIT” or “the Company”)
                                     Unaudited Half Yearly Report to 30 September 2020
                                      Legal Entity Identifier 5493002NMTB70RZBXO96


Company Overview

Launched in 1989, Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust PLC (“TEMIT” or the “Company”) is an investment company
that invests principally in emerging markets companies with the aim of delivering capital growth to shareholders over the long term.
While the majority of the Company’s shareholders are based in the UK, shares are quoted on both the London and New Zealand
Stock Exchanges.

The Company is governed by a Board of Directors that is committed to ensuring that shareholders’ best interests are at the forefront
of all decisions. Under the guidance of the Chairman, the Board of Directors is responsible for the overall strategy of the Company
and monitoring its performance. All Directors are independent.

TEMIT’s research-driven investment approach and strong long-term performance has helped it to grow to be the largest emerging
markets investment trust in the UK, with net assets of £2.2 billion as at 30 September 2020.

TEMIT at a glance


For the six months to 30 September 2020



      Net asset value total return                Share price total return(a)                 MSCI Emerging Markets Index
           (cum-income)(a)                                                                          total return(a)(b)

                31.2%                                      28.4%                                            24.4%

             (2019: 6.3%)                               (2019: 4.4%)                                   (2019: 2.2%)



                    Interim dividend for the                                             Special dividend
                      financial year 2021

                              5.00p                                                           10.00p

                    (Interim dividend for the                                          (Special dividend for
                   financial year 2020: 5.00p)                                    the financial year 2020: 2.60p)



Cumulative total return to 30 September 2020 (%)
                                    6 Months          1 Year             3 Year               5 Year                  10 Year
Net asset value (cum-income)               31.2         9.6                19.7                126.8                       63.2
Share Price                                28.4         8.1                18.8                129.2                       56.7
MSCI Emerging Markets Index                24.4         5.7                12.7                 83.3                       61.7

(a)
      A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full half-yearly report.
(b)
      Source: MSCI. The Company's benchmark is the MSCI Emerging markets Index, with net dividends reinvested.
Chairman’s Statement

Market overview and investment performance
The six months under review started at the beginning of April 2020, a time at which many countries around the world had recently
taken dramatic steps to lock down their populations in an attempt to contain the growing COVID-19 pandemic. Stock markets had
naturally fallen in value as a result. The six months under review saw emerging markets recover strongly and our benchmark index
was up by 24.4% while our NAV return was 31.2% and share price return was 28.4%, all on a total return basis.

For the financial year to the end of March, I reported a fall in NAV, albeit outperforming the broad market index, and it is encouraging
to note that performance since then has more than reversed the falls over the last accounting year while again outperforming the
benchmark index by some margin.

Revenue and dividend
As noted in our last Annual Report, in April 2020 we were informed by the UK tax authorities that TEMIT was entitled to a substantial
repayment amounting to 10.0 pence per share and relating to Corporation Tax levied some years ago, along with associated interest.
This repayment will be accounted for in the current financial year.

Excluding the tax repayment, revenue earnings for the period under review were 11.4 pence per share, compared with 15.3 pence
per share for the same period last year (on a like-for-like basis and excluding an extraordinary receipt of 2.6 pence per share in the
equivalent period). This reduction in core revenue earnings is largely a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and, while at the time of
writing it is too early to predict revenues for the full accounting year, the Investment Manager’s projections indicate that core
revenues for the year will be noticeably lower than last year.

An interim dividend of 5.0 pence per share will be paid on 11 January 2021, which is the same amount as paid at the half year stage
last year. In addition, the Board has elected to pay also on 11 January 2021, a special dividend of 10.0 pence per share to distribute
the tax rebate to shareholders.

Asset allocation and borrowing
TEMIT has fixed borrowings of £100 million, and a revolving credit facility under which up to £120 million may be drawn down.
During the period under review, in the light of the continuing COVID-19 pandemic and likely market volatility, the Investment
Manager elected not to borrow under the revolving credit facility and cash held in the portfolio effectively offset the fixed borrowing.
The strong returns described above were not, therefore, driven by gearing.
The discount

The discount
Despite the strong investment performance in the period under review, the discount remained stubbornly wide as there was relatively
little demand for emerging markets from private investors. We remained active with our share buyback programme, buying back
5,781,760 shares at a total cost of £45.3 million. Nevertheless, the discount was a little wider at the end of September than the end
of March, ending the period at 12.5%.

Despite not being able to meet investors in person, our Investment Manager remained active in marketing the Company’s shares
with a combination of remote meetings, video conferences and presentations made available via our website and social media. In
September we won the award in the “Emerging Markets – Active” category in the A J Bell Fund and Investment Trust Awards 2020,
which was particularly gratifying as the award was made on the basis of voting by private investors from a short list of open ended
funds, ETFs and investment trusts drawn up by investment experts.

COVID-19 pandemic
The Board, and particularly the Audit Committee which has risk management as one of its key functions, continues to monitor the
Company’s operations closely. I am pleased to report that our Investment Manager and key service providers have continued to
provide a robust service, with good communication and effective risk controls. While to date all of our key suppliers have maintained
business as usual, we remain alert to the risks presented by prolonged absence from the office and unconventional working practices.
AIFM fees
With effect from 1 July 2020, the annual fee rate levied on assets above £1 billion was cut to 0.80% from 0.85%. The fee rate on
assets below £1 billion is unchanged at 1.0%. Based on net assets as at 30 September 2020, this results in an annual saving to the
Company of £0.6 million.

The Board
Gregory Johnson duly stepped down from the Board at the Annual General Meeting on 9 July 2020.

On 23 September, we announced that Medha Samant would join the Board with effect from 1 October 2020. Medha was appointed
following a process in which a number of candidates were considered with the assistance of independent recruitment consultants,
Trust Associates. Medha has 27 years’ experience based in Hong Kong, working with asset management firms in the Asia Pacific
equities markets covering marketing, business development, portfolio management and research, with a recent focus on ESG.

Annual General Meeting
All resolutions at the Annual General Meeting, which this year was held as a closed meeting due to restrictions as a result of the
COVID-19 pandemic, were passed by a large margin. The Board would like to thank shareholders for their support and forbearance
this year and we look forward to meeting you at next year’s AGM, when we hope that we will return to normal arrangements with a
meeting open to all shareholders.

In preparation for the AGM, a number of shareholders queried our approach to diversity on the Board. Recent changes to the Board
are described above but I would emphasise that all appointments are made on merit and having considered a variety of candidates.

Two shareholders also asked whether the Board would contemplate issuing shares at a discount. Our policy is only to issue new
shares or reissue shares from treasury at a price which is at or above the prevailing net asset value per share.

Outlook
It was encouraging to see TEMIT’s net asset value perform so well in the six months under review but I would caution that, with a
second wave of COVID-19 infections in many parts of the world, it would be unwise to expect matters to be straightforward over
the next few months. Our Investment Manager’s projection of revenues indicates that companies in our investment universe are, in
general, reducing dividend payments. This clearly indicates a degree of natural caution on the level of profits, at least in the short
term. However, some countries and companies in our investment universe have dealt with the crisis very effectively, recently we
have seen positive news on three COVID-19 vaccines and the election of President-elect Biden in the US should lead to a more
constructive approach to international trade. There is value in our portfolio of investments and we maintain full confidence in our
Investment Manager’s bottom up stock selection process, which should stand shareholders in good stead in the longer term.

Paul Manduca
Chairman
25 November 2020
Interim Management Report

Principal risks

The Company predominantly invests directly in the stock markets of emerging markets. The principal categories of risks facing the
Company, as determined by your Board, are:

• Pandemic;

• Cyber;

• Investment and concentration;

• Market and geo-political;

• Foreign currency;

• Portfolio liquidity;

• Counterparty and credit;

• Operations and custody;

• Key personnel; and

• Regulatory.

The Board has provided the Investment Manager with guidelines and limits for the management of principal risks. Further
information on risks is given in the Strategic Report within the Annual Report and Audited Accounts, which is available on the
Company’s website (www.temit.co.uk). There have been no changes to the principal and emerging risks reported in the Annual
Report and, in the Board’s view, these principal and emerging risks are equally applicable to the remaining six months of the financial
year as they were to the six months under review.

While Brexit has created a degree of uncertainty, in light of the nature of TEMIT’s business and regulatory arrangements, the Board
has decided that Brexit is not one of the principal risks facing the Company. Nevertheless, the Board and AIFM continue to monitor
developments closely.

Related party transactions

The Directors consider that under the classification of related party transactions outlined in the Statement of Recommended Practice
for Investment Trusts issued by the Association of Investment Companies in November 2014 and updated in February 2018 and
October 2019, Franklin Templeton entities are not classified as related parties under IAS 24 (as adopted by the EU).

Accordingly, there were no transactions with related parties, other than the fees paid to the Directors during the six months ended 30
September 2020, which have a material effect on the results or financial position of the Company.

Going concern

The Company’s assets consist of equity shares in companies listed on recognised stock exchanges and in most circumstances are
realisable within a short timescale. Having made suitable enquiries, including considerations of the Company’s investment objective,
the nature of the portfolio, net current assets, expenditure forecasts, the principal and emerging risks and uncertainties described
within the Annual Report, and with due consideration to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Directors are satisfied that the Company has
adequate resources to continue to operate as a going concern for the foreseeable future, being a period of at least 12 months from the
date of approval of the Financial Statements, and as such, a going concern basis is appropriate in preparing the Financial Statements.

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

The Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the UK Listing Authority require the Directors to confirm their responsibilities in relation
to the preparation and publication of the Interim Management Report and Financial Statements.
Each of the Directors, who are listed in the full half-yearly report, confirms that to the best of their knowledge:

(a) the condensed set of financial statements, for the period ended 30 September 2020, have been prepared in accordance with the
applicable International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 ‘‘Interim Financial Reporting’’ as adopted by the EU; and

(b) the Half Yearly Report includes a fair review of the information required by:

   (i) DTR 4.2.7R of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, being an indication of important events that have occurred during
       the first six months of the financial year and their impact on the condensed set of financial statements, and a description of
       the principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the year; and

   (ii) DTR 4.2.8R of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules, being related party transactions that have taken place in the first six
       months of the current financial year and that have materially affected the financial position or performance of the entity during
       that period, and any changes in the related party transactions described in the last annual report that could do so.

The Half Yearly Report was approved by the Board on 25 November 2020 and the above responsibility statement was signed on its
behalf by

Paul Manduca
Chairman
25 November 2020
Portfolio Report

Market Overview
Emerging market equities posted significant gains during the six months under review, despite the onset of a major global recession
following the stringent measures imposed to slow the spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). A gradual easing of restrictions,
government stimulus and monetary easing drove a resumption of economic activity, leading stocks higher throughout most of the
period. Optimism about the development of treatments and vaccines for COVID-19 further supported the recovery in equity prices.
However, geopolitical tensions, rising COVID-19 cases in some countries and the possibility of renewed restrictions raised investor
concerns in the latter part of the reporting period. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index returned +24.4%, while TEMIT delivered a
net asset value total return of +31.2% (figures measured in sterling) in the six-month period under review. Full details of TEMIT’s
performance can be found in the full half-yearly report.

China’s economy contracted for the first time on record in the first quarter of 2020, reflecting the significant disruption caused by
the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent lockdowns of non-essential businesses. To bolster the economy, the government
implemented fiscal stimulus measures, while the People’s Bank of China took steps to lower interest rates for borrowers and enact
additional stimulus measures, such as a new one-year medium-term lending facility. These efforts proved effective, allowing the
economy to reopen and resume growth in the second quarter, albeit at a lower rate than prior to the pandemic. While near-term
growth was severely impacted, we believe that there is pent-up domestic demand, which will help drive growth in the future.
Although US-China tensions heightened following bans on Chinese applications TikTok and WeChat, sanctions on Huawei, tighter
regulatory scrutiny on Chinese companies listed in the US and export controls, commitment to the trade deal reached in early 2020
provided investors with some comfort. We expect US-China relations to remain volatile, we remain positive on China’s longer-term
outlook, but we are positive that domestic consumption continues to lag (although improving), other economic indicators such as
industrial production and manufacturing have returned to pre-COVID-19 levels.

Moreover, China’s focus on economic restructuring and long-term sustainable growth has led to quicker application of structural
reforms, industry consolidation and development of local technology supply chains to replace US sources. We believe that China
will become a leader in fifth-generation wireless technology (5G), which together with artificial intelligence and robotics could help
drive China’s economy as it seeks to rely less on the US. Additional characteristics that favour China include continued domestic
reforms, technological advancement, rapid digitalisation, a huge consumer market and the availability of a multitude of fiscal and
monetary tools to help weather external shocks. In this environment, Chinese equities rose during the period reassured by the
government’s aggressive actions to contain the virus and the economy’s return to growth in the second quarter. However, renewed
trade tensions with the US and subsequent COVID-19 outbreaks in China later in the period restricted further gains. China continued
to be TEMIT’s largest market exposure but the portfolio remained underweight relative to the benchmark.

Post the end of the reporting period, there were some announcements in China indicating greater regulatory oversight over the
operations of dominant internet companies and fintech companies. These announcements led to the cancellation of the ANT Financial
IPO and did impact on share prices of Tencent and Alibaba which are amongst the top 4 holdings of TEMIT. While there is little
doubt that there would be more scrutiny on operations of the large internet companies, not only in China, at this stage the policy has
not been fully enacted and it remains to be seen how the underlying operations are fundamentally impacted. The diversified nature
of these two mega-caps and flourishing competition in the internet space within China gives us some comfort that the overall
operations should not be significantly impacted and we do believe that the underlying resilience of these companies has not been
compromised.

South Korea embodies much of emerging markets’ new realities; namely institutional resilience, improved economic diversification
and the emergence of world-leading companies. In addition to standing out as illustrative of the aforementioned factors, South Korea
is also an example in terms of its handling of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a major oil importer, South Korea has disproportionately
benefited from relatively lower oil prices, while also seeing little economic impact from the collapse in international travel due to its
lower dependency on tourism. An export powerhouse, several South Korean exporters are of global importance, supplying hardware
that enables the modern economy to function. World-leading semiconductor and battery makers are benefitting from the secular
trends of increased computing power and greener mobility—some of which are accelerating due to the pandemic. The country’s
internet sector has also been thriving with social distancing. South Korean companies also continue to implement policies aimed at
improving their environmental, social and governance (ESG) policies. We have seen leading companies in South Korea publicly
apologise for governance missteps and manage their balance sheets more effectively through returning capital to shareholders. The
South Korean stock market outperformed its emerging market counterparts, and South Korea was TEMIT’s second-largest market
position at the end of September as well as overweight versus the benchmark.

A rally in technology stocks and effective control of COVID-19 in the country drove Taiwan’s equity benchmark to an all-time high
in September, making it one of the best performing emerging markets over the reporting period. Known for its research and
development strength, Taiwan’s semiconductor industry is a global leader, with the island home to one of the world’s largest
independent integrated chip manufacturers. The industry has been benefitting from increased demand from cloud applications related
to remote working and online education, trends which the pandemic has accelerated. We believe that the global outlook for memory
chips will remain strong, driven by demand for memory solutions from smartphones, high performance computing, fifth-generation
wireless technology (5G), artificial intelligence, internet of things, data centres and cloud infrastructure. Taiwan's manufacturers are
also at the forefront of the global push to move supply chains out of China, as rising US-China tension fuels demand for servers and
chips not made on the mainland. TEMIT’s exposure to Taiwan was largely attributable to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
Company (TSMC), one of the portfolio’s largest holdings and one of the largest stock contributors to TEMIT’s performance relative
to the benchmark. TSMC is one of the world’s leading semiconductor makers and counts major technology companies amongst its
clients.

The implementation of stimulus measures and monetary easing efforts coupled with better-than-expected second-quarter GDP data
provided a conducive environment for the Russian market. However, in an environment where technology-related stocks
outperformed, the MSCI Russia Index, which is more heavily exposed to energy and materials stocks that were adversely impacted
by relatively low oil and basic metals prices as well as demand concerns as a result of the pandemic, lagged its emerging markets
counterparts, over the six-month period. While oil—an old economy sector—is a major contributor to Russia’s economy, we have
found that the new economy in Russia is also thriving. The country’s leading bank, Sberbank for example, is so much more than a
traditional bank. Its digital ecosystem incorporates artificial intelligence (AI), big data and robotisation. Similarly, Russia’s leading
search engine Yandex, has built an impressive ecosystem. Thus, in addition to its continued dominance in the old economy of oil,
we believe that Russia appears to offer a compelling investment pool for those wanting to ride the structural tailwind of the new
reality where consumption and technology are tomorrow’s drivers of growth – an area which accounts for the majority of TEMIT’s
Russian exposure and has contributed to TEMIT’s relative outperformance. We trimmed our holdings over the reporting period on
potential political risk arising from the upcoming US elections.

Brazil has been among the countries hardest hit by the COVID-19 pandemic, just behind the US and India in the number of reported
cases. However, we have started to see the number of new cases decline from its peak in July. Heavy government spending and
monetary policy easing, with interest rates cut to record-low levels, have helped bring some stability to the economy. Moreover,
Brazil has continued to make progress on the reforms front despite political noise. In terms of investment opportunities, we continue
to favour the financials sector, including companies with strong capital market exposure. Interestingly, Brazil’s stock exchange itself
has a strong sustainability agenda, while ESG principles are not only implemented within the exchange itself, but also promoted in
the Brazilian stock market broadly. E-commerce is another exciting investment theme. As in other countries, the COVID-19 crisis
has accelerated the adoption of internet-based retailing in Brazil. Despite continued uncertainties, we remain generally positive on
the prospects for Brazil over the longer-term and continue to favour domestic-oriented themes including the financial, infrastructure
and consumer-related sectors, which we believe should benefit from the country’s economic recovery. Although equities rose over
the period, they lagged their emerging market peers. Brazil’s overweight exposure was maintained but we sold out of Brazil’s energy
sector during the reporting period.

Although India took bold steps to contain the spread of COVID-19, enforcing a complete lockdown across the country on 25 March
2020 by sealing international borders and restricting domestic travel, the daily number of COVID-19 cases in the country started to
increase in late-August as the country continued to ease quarantine restrictions and economic activity began gradually to normalise.
A silver lining is that India has not seen a corresponding jump in mortalities, reflecting improved treatments and wider testing
revealing asymptomatic cases. While this may raise uncertainty on the pace of economic recovery, government stimulus and support
from the Reserve Bank of India, which also helped restore some confidence in financial markets and boost liquidity, should filter
into the real economy gradually, supporting a recovery in due course. India may also benefit from change in global supply chains in
select products, as companies diversify their production base away from China. Importantly, while the government is working on
reviving growth, the current challenging macro environment provides opportunities for stronger companies to gain market share at
the expense of weaker ones. For example, stronger private-sector banks have increased their lead at the expense of weaker public
sector banks and non-financial banking companies. As we continue to reposition the portfolio, we sold out of some positions in India
in favour of other more attractive investment opportunities. India, however, remained one of TEMIT’s larger exposures as we believe
that long-term reforms and expectations of faster earnings growth, combined with our positive outlook on India in the long-term
underpinned by a number of structural growth drivers, supports the case for investing in Indian equities.

Investment Strategy, Portfolio Changes and Performance
The following sections show how different investment factors (stocks, sectors and geographies) accounted for TEMIT’s performance
over the period. We continue to emphasise our investment process that selects companies based on their individual attributes and
ability to generate risk-adjusted returns for investors, rather than taking a high-level view of sectors, countries or geographic regions
to determine our investment allocations.

Our investment style is centred on finding companies with sustainable earnings power and whose shares trade at a discount relative
to their intrinsic worth and to other investment opportunities in the market. We also pay close attention to risks.

We continue to utilise our research-based, active approach to help us find companies which have high standards of corporate
governance, respect their shareholder base and understand the local intricacies that may determine consumer trends and habits.
Utilising our large team of analysts, we aim to maintain close contact with the board and senior management of existing and potential
investments and believe in engaging constructively with our investee companies. This further enables us to best understand individual
business models and how companies are prepared for the risks and opportunities that arise from a changing world.

Typically, we conduct detailed analyses of potential returns versus risks with a time horizon of typically five years or more.

We believe, as active investors, that company engagement remains a crucial part of philosophy as we look to improve returns for our
investors. Bringing about better corporate behaviour and a better understanding of companies’ responsibilities toward all stakeholders
are themes that we continue to push in our stewardship of client capital. The tone of engagement in emerging markets has shifted in
recent years: companies that formerly took a narrow, hard-nosed approach to returns are adopting more accommodative measures.
In countries such as South Korea companies are placing more emphasis on ESG issues. In India, companies are required to spend a
certain portion of their profits on social activities. ESG reporting has become mandatory in some countries, a trend that we expect to
continue elsewhere.

The ESG conversation is changing further amid the COVID-19 pandemic, with a greater focus on the social impact of policies. Many
governments are supporting jobs, while companies are more cognisant of the reputational risks of layoffs. ESG has become more
important, with companies considering it critical to sustainable business performance. In our view, this “delta” of improving ESG in
emerging markets is a further tailwind supporting the secular outlook for the asset class as the world emerges from this crisis.

Our investment focus remains on companies that demonstrate sustainable earnings power, trading at discounts to our assessment of
their intrinsic worth. Amongst the portfolio’s key holdings are companies that have shown leadership in various technology-related
areas such as semiconductors and internet services. The portfolio is also invested in companies that offer exposure to emerging
markets’ longer-term consumption growth potential, reflected in a rising penetration of goods and services or a “premiumisation” in
demand.
Performance attribution analysis %
Six months to 30 September                                                             2020        2019   2018      2017      2016
Net asset value total return(a)                                                        31.2         6.3   (1.5)      11.4      29.6
Expenses incurred                                                                       0.5         0.5     0.6       0.6       0.6
Gross total return(a)                                                                  31.7         6.8   (0.9)      12.0      30.2
Benchmark total return(a)                                                              24.4         2.2   (1.8)       7.1      21.7
Excess return(a)                                                                        7.3         4.6     0.9       4.9       8.5
Stock selection                                                                         2.5         2.6   (0.2)       1.8       0.2
Sector allocation                                                                       4.0         1.6   (0.5)       2.7       7.9
Currency                                                                                0.5         0.4     1.1       0.1       0.4
Residual(a)                                                                             0.3           –     0.5       0.3         –
Total Portfolio Manager contribution                                                    7.3         4.6     0.9       4.9       8.5


Source: FactSet and Franklin Templeton Investments.
(a)
      A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full half-yearly report.


Top contributors to relative performance by security (%) (a)
                                                                                                      Share price         Relative
Top contributors                             Country               Sector                             total return contribution to
                                                                                                                         portfolio
NAVER                                        South Korea           Communication Services                     75.9             1.6
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing           Taiwan                Information Technology                     63.3             1.5
Company
Yandex                                       Russia                Communication Services                    84.4              0.9
China Construction Bank(b)                   China/Hong Kong       Financials                              (19.5)              0.6
Tencent                                      China/Hong Kong       Communication Services                    32.9              0.5
Alibaba Group                                China/Hong Kong       Consumer Discretionary                    45.2              0.4
Industrial and Commercial Bank of            China/Hong Kong       Financials                              (21.8)              0.4
China(b)
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals(c)                  India                 Health Care                             123.8               0.3
Cognizant Technology Solutions(c)            United States         Information Technology                    44.8              0.3
Bank of China(b)                             China/Hong Kong       Financials                              (16.4)              0.2

(a)
    For the period 31 March 2020 to 30 September 2020.
(b)
    Security not held by TEMIT as at 30 September 2020.
(c)
    Security not included in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.

The pandemic’s boost to e-commerce and other online business models lifted investors’ outlook for companies with the technology
to capture this trend. Internet companies NAVER in South Korea and Yandex in Russia surged. Both companies are the leading
internet search engine operators in their home markets and they offer a wide range of other online services in areas such as e-
commerce.

NAVER also provides services including LINE, the largest messenger app in Japan that is in the process of being merged with
SoftBank subsidiary, Yahoo Japan. NAVER’S second-quarter revenue and earnings recorded double-digit growth, benefitting from
increased online shopping on its platform amid the pandemic. It also introduced new membership and financial services with an eye
to enhancing customer loyalty. Investors also remained confident of NAVER’S penetration into ecommerce and businesses in other
areas such as digital content and financial services, which could contribute to its longer-term growth.
In addition to its search engine and e-commerce interests, Yandex’s major businesses also include taxi ride- hailing services, food
delivery services and online advertising. Amidst the pandemic, the company ramped up its food and grocery delivery services with
support from its ride-hailing business, while its media services saw faster growth. Investors viewed positively the termination of a
partnership between Yandex and major Russian bank, Sberbank, as it allowed Yandex to freely develop its own fintech initiatives
going forward. Shares reached a record high on 31 August 2020 on inclusion in the MSCI Russia and Emerging Markets indices.
Plans to spins-off its self-driving cars business into a separate unit further boosted sentiment in the stock.

TSMC is one of the world’s leading semiconductor makers and counts major technology companies amongst its clients. The
company has been a beneficiary of increased demand from cloud applications related to remote working and online education, trends
which the pandemic has accelerated. The chip maker posted better-than-expected second-quarter results and lifted its full-year
revenue guidance amid strong demand for its cutting-edge chips. While a further tightening of US restrictions on its customer
Huawei, which prohibits semiconductor makers that use US technology from selling products to Huawei without US government
permission, raised investor uncertainty. However, the announcement by a major American competitor of a delay in the production
of its next-generation chips and the possibility of outsourcing led the share price to jump in July, leading shares to end the reporting
period near all-time highs.



Top detractors to relative performance by security (%) (a)
                                                                                                          Share price            Relative
Top detractors                           Country                      Sector                              total return    contribution to
                                                                                                                                portfolio
Meituan Dianping(b)                    China/Hong Kong                Consumer Discretionary                     147.7              (0.7)
                     (b)
Reliance Industries                    India                          Energy                                       98.0             (0.6)
Itaú Unibanco                          Brazil                         Financials                                 (14.2)             (0.5)
ICICI Bank                             India                          Financials                                    6.8             (0.5)
Banco Bradesco                         Brazil                         Financials                                 (10.1)             (0.4)
          (b)
JD.com                                 China/Hong Kong                Consumer Discretionary                       83.8             (0.3)
Banco Santander Mexico(c)              Mexico                         Financials                                  (5.0)             (0.3)
      (b)
NIO                                    China/Hong Kong                Consumer Discretionary                     632.1              (0.3)
China Mobile                           China/Hong Kong                Communication Services                     (12.0)             (0.2)
LUKOIL                                 Russia                         Energy                                        0.8             (0.2)
(a)
    For the period 31 March 2020 to 30 September 2020.
(b)
    Security not held by TEMIT as at 30 September 2020.
(c)
    Security not included in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.

A collapse in economic activity amid the COVID-19 pandemic and expectations of slowing loan growth, falling margins and rising
bad debts have hurt near-term earnings forecasts for leading Brazilian financials Itau Unibanco and Banco Bradesco. Although
both banks reported weak first-quarter corporate results largely due to higher-than-expected provisions related to COVID-19 and
suspended guidance for 2020, net income rose in the second quarter compared to the preceding quarter. While the pandemic has
weighed on their businesses in the short-term, we see a low probability of a systemic banking crisis in Brazil. The pandemic could,
in fact, have the unintended effect of boosting bank penetration in Brazil. The government’s disbursement of emergency handouts
through banks has compelled scores of previously “unbanked” individuals to open accounts. This group of new customers could
drive a fresh wave of demand for financial services in the future. When the outbreak eventually passes, we expect these quality banks
to resume secular growth. Credit penetration in Brazil is far below many other countries, signalling room to head higher in the coming
years. Brazil’s central bank has also cut its policy interest rate to a record low, which reduces the cost of renegotiating or restructuring
loans and could be a catalyst for longer-term credit growth. Our longer- term conviction remains bullish for both banks where we
see strong fundamentals, improving competitive positions and the potential to benefit from structural growth drivers.

ICICI Bank is one of the largest private-sector banks in India. Although the stock contributed to absolute performance, it was among
the largest relative detractors as its returns lagged its emerging market counterparts on concerns about the interim impact of economic
disruptions caused by COVID-19 on the bank’s loans and margins. Indian financials stocks were generally hurt by worries of bad
debts in the banking system as the central bank extended loan repayment relief to borrowers, while holding back from allowing a
one-time restructuring of loans. ICICI Bank reported a double-digit increase in first- and second-quarter 2020 profits, despite higher
COVID-19-related provisions. ICICI Bank’s sale of its insurance subsidiaries and solid participation from the global and domestic
investor community in the bank’s US$2 billion equity issuance in August to raise capital to strengthen its balance sheet was also
viewed positively by investors. Although we trimmed our position in the stock, it remains amongst TEMIT’s top 10 holdings, as we
believe ICICI Bank is well-capitalised with a strong deposit base and should be able to withstand challenges.




Top contributors and detractors to relative performance by sector (%)(a)
                                               MSCI                                                          MSCI
                                           Emerging          Relative                                    Emerging       Relative
                                     Markets Index contribution to                                    Markets Index contribution
Top contributors                          sector total      portfolio      Top detractors               sector total to portfolio
                                               return                                                        return
Communication Services                            21.4             3.7     Consumer Discretionary               48.8        (1.3)
Information Technology                            39.7             1.4     Materials                            33.4        (0.5)
Financials                                         3.0             1.2     Energy                               17.9        (0.4)
Real Estate  (b)
                                                   2.8             0.6     Health Care                          34.4            –
Utilities(b)                                       1.8             0.5
Industrials                                       15.5             0.5
Consumer Staples                                  13.6             0.2
(a)
    For the period 31 March 2020 to 30 September 2020.
(b)
    No companies held by TEMIT in this sector.

Favourable stock selection in the communication services was a leading contributor to TEMIT’s performance relative to the
benchmark index in the review period. Stock selection and an overweight position in the information technology sector added to
relative returns. Stock selection and an underweight position to the financials sector which underperformed also had a positive impact.
Beneficiaries of increased demand from cloud applications related to remote working and online education, trends which the
pandemic has accelerated, further supported returns. Although we remain slightly underweight in financials relative to the benchmark
index, the sector remains a key area of secular growth given the low levels of credit penetration across emerging markets. Our
holdings are primarily in dominant well-managed incumbent banks with strong capitalisation levels and robust deposit franchises,
which should emerge stronger post crisis given their larger positions versus smaller fintech players.

Conversely, stock selection in the consumer discretionary, materials and energy sectors negatively impacted relative returns.
Although the COVID-19 pandemic had led to demand interruption for discretionary products, taking a longer-term view we believe
that consumption in emerging markets remains a multi-year growth opportunity for investors as they continue to upgrade the quality
of the goods and services that they consume.

Low- or under-penetration of a wide range of goods and services in emerging markets also provides an attractive investment
opportunity. We used the market fall as an opportunity to increase our holdings in the consumer discretionary sector. A slower-than-
expected recovery in demand following the gradual re-opening of economies and a resurgence of new COVID-19 cases in some
economies weighed on businesses in the materials and energy sectors. We reduced our holdings in the energy sector during the
reporting period and maintained an underweight position in materials relative to the benchmark.
Top contributors and detractors to relative performance by country (%)(a)
                                            MSCI                                                            MSCI
                                        Emerging        Relative                                         Emerging                  Relative
                                          Markets contribution                                            Markets           contribution to
Top contributors                             Index   to portfolio   Top detractors                           Index                portfolio
                                    country total                                                     country total
                                            return                                                          return
Taiwan                                         36.6           1.8   India                                      33.2                   (0.4)
South Korea                                    29.5           1.6   Brazil                                     14.4                   (0.3)
Russia                                          9.1           1.2   South Africa                               27.4                   (0.2)
China/Hong Kong                                24.6           0.9   United Kingdom(c)                             –                   (0.2)
United States                                 (7.6)           0.4   Kenya(c)                                      –                   (0.1)
Malaysia(b)                                    11.8           0.2
Indonesia                                      11.2           0.2
Saudi Arabia(b)                                19.5           0.1
       (b)
Qatar                                          10.5           0.1
Turkey(b)                                     (3.8)           0.1
(a)
    For the period 31 March 2020 to 30 September 2020.
(b)
    No companies held by TEMIT in this country.
(c)
    No companies included in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index in this country.

Our selection of stocks in Taiwan, South Korea and Russia, were amongst the leading contributors to TEMIT’s returns relative to
the benchmark index.

In contrast, relative performance was hurt by stock selection in the India, Brazil and South Africa. Exposure to banks in India and
Brazil accounted for a substantial portion of the underperformance in those markets.

Portfolio changes by sector

                                                                                                              Total return in sterling
                                31 March
                                      2020                         Market 30 September 2020                               MSCI Emerging
                              market value       Purchases Sales movement      market value TEMIT                          Markets Index
Sector                                 £m              £m    £m       £m                £m       %                                     %
Information Technology                 418              68 (54)       169               601    42.3                                  39.7
Consumer Discretionary                 337              41 (15)       117               480    35.6                                  48.8
Communication Services                 345              39 (80)       149               453    42.7                                  21.4
Financials                             348              12 (21)         24              363     7.6                                   3.0
Consumer Staples                       106               7   (7)        13              119    14.0                                  13.6
Materials                                66              –     –        11               77    22.9                                  33.4
Energy                                   92              – (16)        (4)               72   (0.9)                                  17.9
Industrials                              38              5     –        11               54    26.7                                  15.5
Health Care                              30              – (22)         11               19    32.0                                  34.4
Real Estate                               –              –     –         –                –       –                                   2.8
Utilities                                 –              –     –         –                –       –                                   1.8
Net assets/(liabilities)(a)             (5)              –     –      7(b)                2       –                                     –
Total                                1,775            172 (215)       508             2,240


(a)
    The Company’s net assets/liabilities are the total of net current assets/liabilities plus non-current liabilities per the
Statement of Financial Position in the full half-yearly report.
(b)
    The movement relates to changes in cash, receivables, payables, the loan facility and capital gains tax provision.
Sector asset allocation
As at 30 September 2020
Sector weightings vs benchmark (%)
                                                                                                   TEMIT          MSCI Emerging Markets
                                                                                                                                 Index
Information Technology                                                                                 26.9                        18.4
Consumer Discretionary                                                                                 21.6                        20.2
Communication Services                                                                                 20.0                        12.7
Financials                                                                                             16.1                        17.1
Consumer Staples                                                                                        5.4                         6.1
Materials                                                                                               3.4                         7.0
Energy                                                                                                  3.2                         5.4
Industrials                                                                                             2.5                         4.4
Health Care                                                                                             0.8                         4.3
Real Estate                                                                                               –                         2.4
Utilities                                                                                                 –                         2.0


Portfolio changes by country

                                                                                                              Total return in sterling
                                31 March
                                      2020                            Market 30 September 2020                              MSCI Emerging
                              market value    Purchases       Sales movement      market value                TEMIT          Markets Index
                                       £m           £m          £m       £m                £m                    %                      %
Country
China/Hong Kong                        594           85        (71)          154                     762          27.3                       24.6
South Korea                            306           32        (32)          117                     423          38.0                       29.5
Taiwan                                 204           47        (34)          109                     326          56.2                       36.6
Russia                                 135            –        (22)           39                     152          33.3                        9.1
Brazil                                 128            –         (7)           10                     131           9.8                       14.4
India                                  115            –        (30)           29                     114          25.9                       33.2
Other                                  298            8        (19)           43                     330             –                          –
Net assets/(liabilities)(a)             (5)           –           –          7(b)                      2             –                          –
Total                                1,775          172       (215)          508                   2,240


(a)
    The Company’s net assets/liabilities are the total of net current assets/liabilities plus non-current liabilities per the Statement of
Financial Position in the full half-yearly report.
(b)
    The movement relates to changes in cash, receivables, payables, the loan facility and capital gains tax provision.
Geographic asset allocation
As at 30 September 2020
Country weightings vs benchmark (%)(c)
                                                                                       TEMIT            MSCI Emerging Markets
                                                                                                                       Index
China/Hong Kong                                                                            34.1                          42.0
South Korea                                                                                18.9                          12.1
Taiwan                                                                                     14.6                          12.7
Russia                                                                                      6.7                           3.0
Brazil                                                                                      5.8                           4.5
India                                                                                       5.1                           8.3
South Africa                                                                                3.3                           3.5
United Kingdom(d)                                                                           3.0                             –
United States                                                                               2.0                           0.1
Thailand                                                                                    1.5                           1.8
Mexico                                                                                      1.0                           1.7
Hungary                                                                                     0.8                           0.2
Indonesia                                                                                   0.7                           1.2
Cambodia(d)                                                                                 0.7                             –
Pakistan                                                                                    0.5                             –
Kenya(d)                                                                                    0.5                             –
Czech Republic                                                                              0.3                           0.1
Philippines                                                                                 0.2                           0.7
Peru                                                                                        0.2                           0.2

(c)
    Other countries included in the benchmark are Chile, Colombia, Egypt, Greece, Malaysia, Poland, Qatar, Turkey, Saudi Arabia
    and the United Arab Emirates.
(d)
    Countries not included in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index.
Portfolio investments by fair value
As at 30 September 2020
                                                                                              Fair Value   % of Net
Holding                                Country           Sector                  Trading(a)        £’000     Assets
Alibaba(b)                            China/Hong Kong   Consumer Discretionary          IH      249,416          11.1
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing    Taiwan            Information Technology          PS      235,696          10.5
Samsung Electronics                   South Korea       Information Technology          IH      207,959           9.3
Tencent                               China/Hong Kong   Communication Services          PS      194,419           8.7
NAVER                                 South Korea       Communication Services          PS      101,322           4.5
Naspers                               South Africa      Consumer Discretionary          IH       67,252           3.0
Unilever(c)                           United Kingdom    Consumer Staples                PS       66,638           3.0
ICICI Bank                            India             Financials                      PS       58,677           2.6
Brilliance China Automotive           China/Hong Kong   Consumer Discretionary          PS       56,356           2.5
Yandex                                Russia            Communication Services          PS       53,721           2.4
TOP 10 LARGEST INVESTMENTS                                                                    1,294,456          57.6
LG                                    South Korea       Industrials                     IH       50,556           2.3
MediaTek                              Taiwan            Information Technology         NH        44,275           2.0
Sberbank of Russia, ADR(d)            Russia            Financials                     NT        39,466           1.8
LUKOIL, ADR(d)                        Russia            Energy                         NT        38,243           1.7
Cognizant Technology Solutions(c)     United States     Information Technology         PS        34,550           1.5
China Merchants Bank(e)               China/Hong Kong   Financials                      IH       32,238           1.4
Itaú Unibanco, ADR(d)(f)              Brazil            Financials                     NT        31,409           1.4
China Resources Cement                China/Hong Kong   Materials                      NT        31,237           1.4
Banco Bradesco, ADR(d)(f)             Brazil            Financials                     NT        29,234           1.3
Hon Hai Precision Industry            Taiwan            Information Technology          IH       28,813           1.3
TOP 20 LARGEST INVESTMENTS                                                                    1,651,477          73.7
Infosys                               India             Information Technology         NT        28,526           1.3
Samsung Life Insurance                South Korea       Financials                     PS        25,427           1.1
China Mobile                          China/Hong Kong   Communication Services         NT        25,301           1.1
Ping An Insurance(e)                  China/Hong Kong   Financials                     NT        22,573           1.0
Vale                                  Brazil            Materials                      NT        22,498           1.0
Baidu, ADR(d)                         China/Hong Kong   Communication Services         NT        21,499           0.9
Tencent Music Entertainment, ADR(d)   China/Hong Kong   Communication Services         NH        19,160           0.8
Gedeon Richter                        Hungary           Health Care                    PS        18,910           0.8
Banco Santander Mexico, ADR(d)        Mexico            Financials                     NT        18,214           0.8
POSCO                                 South Korea       Materials                      NT        17,940           0.8
TOP 30 LARGEST INVESTMENTS                                                                    1,871,525          83.3
CNOOC                                 China/Hong Kong   Energy                         NT        17,454           0.8
Prosus(g)                             China/Hong Kong   Consumer Discretionary         NT        17,453           0.8
Lojas Americanas                      Brazil            Consumer Discretionary         PS        16,498           0.7
B3                                    Brazil            Financials                     NT        16,344           0.7
Astra International                   Indonesia         Consumer Discretionary         NT        15,350           0.7
Bajaj Holdings & Investments          India             Financials                     NT        14,589           0.7
NagaCorp                              Cambodia          Consumer Discretionary         NT        14,491           0.7
Ping An Bank                          China/Hong Kong   Financials                     NT        14,391           0.6
Fila                                  South Korea       Consumer Discretionary         NT        13,871           0.6
NetEase, ADR(d)                       China/Hong Kong   Communication Services         NT        13,320           0.6
TOP 40 LARGEST INVESTMENTS                                                                    2,025,286          90.2
                                                                                                         Fair Value    % of Net
Holding                                   Country              Sector                      Trading(a)         £’000      Assets
Uni-President China                      China/Hong Kong     Consumer Staples                     IH         12,761             0.6
H&H Group                                China/Hong Kong     Consumer Staples                     NT         12,571             0.6
Kiatnakin Phatra Bank                    Thailand            Financials                           NT         12,019             0.5
Kasikornbank                             Thailand            Financials                           NT         11,600             0.5
Sunny Optical Technology                 China/Hong Kong     Information Technology               PS         10,682             0.5
IMAX(c)                                  United States       Communication Services               IH         10,562             0.5
Gazprom, ADR(d)                          Russia              Energy                               PS         10,554             0.4
Mail.Ru, GDR(h)                          Russia              Communication Services               PS         10,401             0.4
MCB Bank                                 Pakistan            Financials                           NT          8,713             0.4
B2W Digital                              Brazil              Consumer Discretionary               NT          8,454             0.4
TOP 50 LARGEST INVESTMENTS                                                                                2,133,603            95.0
Massmart                                 South Africa        Consumer Staples                     NT          7,564             0.3
Moneta Money Bank                        Czech Republic      Financials                           NT          7,103             0.3
Thai Beverage                            Thailand            Consumer Staples                     NT          6,981             0.3
Coal India                               India               Energy                               NT          6,193             0.3
PChome Online                            Taiwan              Consumer Discretionary               NT          6,115             0.3
East African Breweries                   Kenya               Consumer Staples                     NT          5,600             0.3
Tata Chemicals                           India               Materials                            NT          5,538             0.2
Nemak                                    Mexico              Consumer Discretionary               PS          5,218             0.2
Catcher Technology                       Taiwan              Information Technology               NT          4,967             0.2
M. Dias Branco                           Brazil              Consumer Staples                     NT          4,964             0.2
TOP 60 LARGEST INVESTMENTS                                                                                2,193,846            97.6
BDO Unibank                              Philippines         Financials                           NT          4,786             0.2
Intercorp Financial Services             Peru                Financials                           NT          4,563             0.2
Siam Commercial Bank                     Thailand            Financials                           NT          4,319             0.2
Largan Precision                         Taiwan              Information Technology               NT          4,053             0.2
BAIC Motor                               China/Hong Kong     Consumer Discretionary               NT          3,238             0.2
Hankook Tire                             South Korea         Consumer Discretionary               PS          3,194             0.2
COSCO SHIPPING Ports                     China/Hong Kong     Industrials                          IH          3,085             0.2
KT Skylife                               South Korea         Communication Services               PS          3,012             0.1
KCB Group                                Kenya               Financials                           NT          2,453             0.1
Weifu High-Technology                    China/Hong Kong     Consumer Discretionary               PS          2,158             0.1
TOP 70 LARGEST INVESTMENTS                                                                                2,228,707            99.3
TOTVS                                    Brazil              Information Technology               NT          1,835             0.1
Equity Group                             Kenya               Financials                           PS          1,829             0.1
CTBC Financial                           Taiwan              Financials                           NT          1,628             0.1
Dairy Farm                               China/Hong Kong     Consumer Staples                     NT          1,624             0.1
MGM China                                China/Hong Kong     Consumer Discretionary               PS          1,531             0.1
United Bank                              Pakistan            Financials                           NT          1,039             0.1
Univanich Palm Oil                       Thailand            Consumer Staples                     NT            266             0.0
TOTAL INVESTMENTS                                                                                         2,238,459            99.9
NET ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)                                                                                      1,849             0.1
TOTAL NET ASSETS                                                                                          2,240,308           100.0

(a)
    Trading activity during the year: (NH) New Holdings, (IH) Increased Holdings, (PS) Partial Sale and (NT) No Trading.
(b)
    The Company's holding in Alibaba is split between ADR's (9.3%) and Hong Kong listed shares (1.8%).
(c)
    This company, listed on a stock exchange in a developed market, has significant exposure to operations from emerging markets.
(d)
    US listed American Depository Receipt.
(e)
    Company is listed on the Hong Kong and Shanghai Stock Exchanges.
(f)
    Preferred Shares.
(g)
    This company is listed in the Netherlands. The classification of China/Hong Kong is due to most of its revenue coming from its
holding in Tencent.
(h)
    UK listed Global Depositary Receipt.

Portfolio summary

As at 30 September 2020
All figures are in %

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 30 September 2020




                                                                                  Consumer Staples
                                                  Communication


                                                                                                                                                                                 Total Equities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Total
                                                                  Consumer

                                                                                                                           Health Care
                                                                                                                                                       Information

                                                                                                                                         Industrials
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Net assets/

                                                                                                              Financials                                             Materials
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 31 March 2020
                                                  Services        Discretionary                      Energy                                            Technology                                 liabilities    Total
Brazil                                              –    1.1 0.2         – 3.4          –     –     0.1 1.0 5.8      –                                                                                            5.8   7.2
Cambodia                                            –    0.7      –      –      –       –     –       –     – 0.7    –                                                                                            0.7   0.7
China/Hong Kong                                  12.1   14.8 1.3 0.8 3.0                – 0.2       0.5 1.4 34.1     –                                                                                           34.1 33.5
Czech Republic                                      –       –     –      – 0.3          –     –       –     – 0.3    –                                                                                            0.3   0.4
Hungary                                             –       –     –      –      – 0.8         –       –     – 0.8    –                                                                                            0.8   1.2
India                                               –       –     – 0.3 3.3             –     –     1.3 0.2 5.1      –                                                                                            5.1   6.4
Indonesia                                           –    0.7      –      –      –       –     –       –     – 0.7    –                                                                                            0.7   0.7
Kenya                                               –       – 0.3        – 0.2          –     –       –     – 0.5    –                                                                                            0.5   0.6
Mexico                                              –    0.2      –      – 0.8          –     –       –     – 1.0    –                                                                                            1.0   1.3
Pakistan                                            –       –     –      – 0.5          –     –       –     – 0.5    –                                                                                            0.5   0.5
Peru                                                –       –     –      – 0.2          –     –       –     – 0.2    –                                                                                            0.2   0.3
Philippines                                         –       –     –      – 0.2          –     –       –     – 0.2    –                                                                                            0.2   0.3
Russia                                            2.8       –     – 2.1 1.8             –     –       –     – 6.7    –                                                                                            6.7   7.6
South Africa                                        –    3.0 0.3         –      –       –     –       –     – 3.3    –                                                                                            3.3   3.2
South Korea                                       4.6    0.8      –      – 1.1          – 2.3       9.3 0.8 18.9     –                                                                                           18.9 17.2
Taiwan                                              –    0.3      –      – 0.1          –     – 14.2        – 14.6   –                                                                                           14.6 11.5
Thailand                                            –       – 0.3        – 1.2          –     –       –     – 1.5    –                                                                                            1.5   2.2
United Kingdom                                      –       – 3.0        –      –       –     –       –     – 3.0    –                                                                                            3.0   3.2
United States                                     0.5       –     –      –      –       –     –     1.5     – 2.0    –                                                                                            2.0   2.3
Net assets/(liabilities)(a)                         –       –     –      –      –       –     –       –     –    – 0.1                                                                                            0.1 (0.3)
30 September 2020 Total                          20.0   21.6 5.4 3.2 16.1 0.8 2.5 26.9 3.4 99.9 0.1                                                                                                             100.0     -
31 March 2020 Total                              19.4   19.0 6.1 5.1 19.7 1.7 2.1 23.6 3.6 100.3 (0.3)                                                                                                              - 100.0
(a)
    The Company's net assets/liabilities per the Statement of Financial Position in the full half-yearly report.


                                                                        Less than                        £1.5bn to                  £5bn to                      Greater than                                      Net assets/
Market capitalisation breakdown(a) (%)                                    £1.5bn                             £5bn                    £25bn                             £25bn                                    (liabilities)(b)
30 September 2020                                                              4.2                            10.6                     15.2                               69.9                                               0.1
31 March 2020                                                                  8.2                            10.4                     22.7                               59.0                                             (0.3)

Split between markets(c) (%)                                                                                               30 September 2020                                                              31 March 2020
Emerging Markets                                                                                                                        93.7                                                                        93.5
Developed Markets(d)                                                                                                                      5.0                                                                        5.5
Frontier Markets                                                                                                                          1.2                                                                        1.3
Net assets/(liabilities)(b)                                                                                                               0.1                                                                      (0.3)

(a)
      A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in the full half-yearly report.
(b)
      The Company's net assets/liabilities per the Statement of Financial Position in the full half-yearly report.
(c)
  Geographic split between "Emerging Markets", "Frontier Markets", "Developed Markets" are as per MSCI index classifications.
(d)
  Developed market exposure represented by companies listed in United Kingdom and United States who have significant
exposure to operations from emerging markets.
Source: FactSet Research System, Inc.

Market outlook

Investors had expected greater economic normalisation globally as we head into the end of 2020. However, rising COVID-19 cases
in various parts of the world have shown that the pandemic is likely to persist and policymaking has largely remained reactive.

We expect the current economic and market environments to continue until a vaccine is widely available or herd immunity is
achieved, with outcomes potentially varying widely by country. We believe that economic recoveries are likely to be modest,
contrasting with the steep downturns that we saw earlier in the year. Governments have deployed massive stimulus, but many
businesses have shut as lockdowns hit economies.

The COVID-19 crisis has catalysed the acceleration of some long-term themes that we have identified and followed in recent years.
This trajectory will likely continue into 2021. A further marked trend this year has been increased differentiation within emerging
markets amid rapid changes brought about by various economic, social and exogeneous shocks including the pandemic.

As a region, emerging Asia has outperformed global developed and emerging market indices, buoyed by China, South Korea, and
Taiwan. By contrast, emerging markets such as Brazil and Russia have lagged. Similar divergence is seen at a sectoral level. While
emerging market equities’ overall valuations have increased, this is largely due to the narrow leadership of internet, technology,
consumer and other “new economy” companies that are thriving amid COVID-19. We believe that this constant flux in emerging
markets underlines the importance of a bottom-up, stock-driven investment approach that is sector- and country-agnostic.

The pandemic has reinforced three key realities in emerging markets that we have been focusing on. First, the increased institutional
resilience in these countries. Second, the growth of consumption and technology, resulting in more diversified economies. Third, the
growing innovation in emerging markets —and the capacity of companies to “leapfrog” developed-world competitors. On top of
these multi-year themes, three nearer-term issues have our attention: the US-China relationship and deepening bilateral tensions; the
impact of COVID-19 on companies and markets; and companies’ readiness to embrace the new normal.

Our constructive near-term outlook recognises the potential for bouts of market volatility ahead. Concerns could arise as certain
emerging markets approach policy stimulus limits imposed by prudence or shrinking public coffers. We have seen hostility toward
China grow across the US political spectrum and we expect bilateral tensions to remain regardless of the election’s outcome. Ongoing
US-China trade and technology conflicts could also impact supply chains, resulting in more localisation and reshoring.

As long as COVID-19 remains a preoccupation for investors, countries and companies that have effectively managed the crisis and
seen their businesses deliver are likely to continue doing well. In addition, growing business visibility and recovery in parts of the
old economy, coupled with a wide valuation discount, could lead to a broadening of market performance through the end of 2020
and into 2021.

Chetan Sehgal
Lead Portfolio Manager
25 November 2020
Independent Review Report
to the members of Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust Plc

Introduction
We have been engaged by Templeton Emerging Markets Investment Trust plc (‘the Company’) to review the set of financial
statements in the half-yearly financial report for the six months ended 30 September 2020, which comprise the Statement of
Comprehensive Income, the Statement of Changes in Equity, the Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of Cash Flows, and
the related explanatory notes 1 to 8. We have read the other information contained in the half-yearly financial report and considered
whether it contains any apparent misstatements or material inconsistencies with the information in the set of financial statements.

This report is made solely to the Company in accordance with guidance contained in International Standard on, Review Engagements
2410 (UK and Ireland) 'Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity’, issued by the
Auditing Practices Board. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
Company, for our work, for this report, or for the conclusions we have formed.

Directors’ responsibilities
The half-yearly financial report is the responsibility of, and has been approved by, the Directors. The Directors are responsible for
preparing the half-yearly financial report in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the United
Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority.

As disclosed in Note 1, the annual financial statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union. The financial statements included in this half-yearly financial report
have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, as adopted by the
European Union.

Our Responsibilities
Our responsibility is to express to the Company a conclusion on the financial statements in the half-yearly financial report based on
our review.

Scope of review
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 (UK and Ireland), ‘Review of
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued by the Auditing Practices Board for use in
the United Kingdom. A review of interim financial information consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than
an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) and consequently does not enable us to obtain
assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express
an audit opinion.

Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the financial statements in the half-yearly
financial report for the six months ended 30 September 2020 are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with
International Accounting Standard 34 as adopted by the European Union and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of
the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority.

Ernst & Young LLP
Edinburgh
25 November 2020
Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the six months to 30 September 2020
                                                                                     For the six months to
                                                                                30 September 2020 (unaudited)
                                                                                           Revenue         Capital            Total
                                                                        Note                   £’000        £’000             £’000
Gains/(losses) on investments and foreign exchange
Gains/(losses) on investments at fair value                                                        –          498,128         498,128
Gains/(losses) on foreign exchange                                                                 –            2,104           2,104
Income
Dividends                                                                                     31,595                –          31,595
Other income                                                                                   2,910                –           2,910
                                                                                              34,505          500,232         534,737
Expenses
AIFM fee                                                                                     (2,871)           (6,700)          (9,571)
Other expenses                                                                               (1,012)                 –          (1,012)
                                                                                             (3,883)           (6,700)        (10,583)
Profit/(loss) before finance costs and taxation                                               30,622          493,532          524,154
Finance costs                                                                                  (388)             (905)          (1,293)
Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                                 30,234          492,627          522,861
Tax income/(expense)                                                        5                 21,180             (403)           20,777
Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                  51,414          492,224          543,638
Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the                                           51,414          492,224          543,638
Company
Earnings per share                                                          2                21.42p           205.11p         226.53p
Ongoing charges ratio(a)                                                                                                       0.99%

(a)
      A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in Shareholder Information in the full half-yearly report.

Under the Company’s Articles of Association the capital element of return is not distributable. The total column of this statement
represents the profit and loss account of the Company.

70% of the annual Alternative Investment Fund Manager (“AIFM”) fee and 70% of the finance costs have been allocated to the
capital account.
                                                                                              Year ended
                          For the six months to                                          31 March 2020 (audited)
                     30 September 2019 (unaudited)
                                                                                 Revenue                Capital                   Total
          Revenue               Capital                Total                       £'000                 £'000                    £'000
            £'000                £'000                 £'000
              –                 90,470                90,470                             –            (271,335)                (271,335)
              –                 (1,251)               (1,251)                            –                (883)                    (883)
           52,549                  –                  52,549                        74,470                    –                   74,470
             307                   –                    307                            643                    –                      643
           52,856               89,219               142,075                        75,113            (272,218)                (197,105)
           (2,996)              (6,990)               (9,986)                      (5,900)             (13,766)                 (19,666)
           (1,080)                 –                  (1,080)                      (2,095)                    –                  (2,095)
           (4,076)              (6,990)              (11,066)                      (7,995)             (13,766)                 (21,761)
           48,780               82,229               131,009                        67,118            (285,984)                (218,866)
            (437)               (1,021)               (1,458)                        (873)              (2,037)                  (2,910)
           48,343               81,208               129,551                        66,245            (288,021)                (221,776)
           (3,815)                256                 (3,559)                      (6,312)                1,350                  (4,962)
           44,528               81,464               125,992                        59,933            (286,671)                (226,738)
           44,528               81,464               125,992                        59,933            (286,671)                (226,738)
           17.90p               32.74p                50.64p                       24.40p             (116.75)p                 (92.35)p
                                                      1.02%                                                                       1.02%

(a
     ) A glossary of alternative performance measures is included in Shareholder Information in the full half-yearly report.
Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 September 2020


                                                                            As at           As at        As at
                                                                    30 September    30 September    31 March
                                                                             2020            2019        2020
                                                                            £'000           £'000       £'000
                                                                      (unaudited)     (unaudited)    (audited)
Non-current assets

Investments at fair value through profit or loss                        2,238,459       2,184,767   1,780,253
Current assets

Trade and other receivables                                                7,570           8,811       10,736
Cash and cash equivalents                                                 97,827         100,287       87,830
Total current assets                                                     105,397         109,098       98,566
Current liabilities

Bank loans                                                                      –       (117,132)           –
Other payables                                                            (3,548)         (4,703)     (3,169)
Capital gains tax provision                                                     –         (1,094)           –
Total current liabilities                                                 (3,548)       (122,929)     (3,169)
Net current assets/(liabilities)                                         101,849         (13,831)      95,397
Non-current liabilities
Other payable falling due after more than one year                      (100,000)               –   (100,000)
Total assets less liabilities                                           2,240,308       2,170,936   1,775,650
Share capital and reserves                                                     –               –            –

Equity Share Capital                                                       64,367          66,582      65,812
Capital Redemption Reserve                                                 18,302          16,087      16,857
Capital Reserve                                                         1,583,246       1,528,489   1,136,322
Special Distributable Reserve                                             433,546         433,546     433,546
Revenue Reserve                                                           140,847         126,232     123,113
Equity Shareholders' Funds                                              2,240,308       2,170,936   1,775,650
Net Asset Value pence per share(a)                                         946.5           884.1        732.3

(a)
      Based on shares in issue excluding shares held in treasury.
Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months to 30 September 2020 (unaudited)

                                                     Capital                  Special
                                    Equity Share Redemption     Capital Distributable   Revenue
                                         Capital    Reserve     Reserve      Reserve     reserve      Total
                                           £'000      £'000       £'000         £'000      £'000      £'000
Balance at 31 March 2019                   68,045     14,624   1,492,845     433,546     109,124   2,118,184
Profit for the period                           –          –      81,464           –      44,528     125,992
Equity dividends                                –          –           –           –    (27,420)    (27,420)
Purchase and cancellation of own
shares                                     (1,463)     1,463    (45,820)           –           –    (45,820)
Balance at 30 September 2019                66,582    16,087   1,528,489     433,546     126,232   2,170,936
Profit for the period                            –         –   (368,135)           –      15,405   (352,730)
Equity dividends                                 –         –           –           –    (18,524)    (18,524)
Purchase and cancellation of own
shares                                      (770)        770    (24,032)           –           –    (24,032)
Balance at 31 March 2020                   65,812     16,857   1,136,322     433,546     123,113   1,775,650
Profit for the period                           –          –     492,224           –      51,414     543,638
Equity dividends                                –          –           –           –    (33,680)    (33,680)
Purchase and cancellation of own
shares                                     (1,445)     1,445    (45,300)           –          –     (45,300)
Balance at 30 September 2020                64,367    18,302   1,583,246     433,546    140,847    2,240,308
Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months to 30 September 2020

                                                        For the         For the       For the
                                                  six months to   six months to       year to
                                                  30 September    30 September     31 March
                                                           2020            2019         2020
                                                          £'000           £'000        £'000
                                                    (unaudited)     (unaudited)     (audited)
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit/(loss) before finance costs and taxation        524,154         131,009     (218,866)
Adjustment for:
Bank and deposit interest                               (2,910)           (307)        (622)
Dividend income                                        (31,595)        (52,549)     (74,470)
Net (gains)/losses on investment at fair value        (498,128)        (90,470)      271,335
Net (gains)/losses on foreign exchange                  (2,104)           1,251          883
Stock dividends received in period                        (494)           (103)        (103)
(Increase)/decrease in receivables                          589           (540)        (732)
Increase/(decrease) in payables                             255             152        (108)
Cash generated from operations                         (10,233)        (11,557)     (22,683)
Bank and deposit interest received                       2,910              307          622
Dividends received                                      34,139           52,887       72,987
Tax refund/(paid)                                       20,777          (4,043)      (6,540)
Net cash inflow from operating activities               47,593           37,594       44,386
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of non-current financial assets             (172,222)       (266,769)    (440,488)
Sales of non-current financial assets                   214,775         337,897      553,409
Net cash inflow from investing activities                42,553          71,128      112,921
Cash flows from financing activities
Equity dividends paid                                  (33,680)        (27,420)     (45,944)
Purchase and cancellation of own shares                (45,191)        (45,058)     (69,453)
Repayment of revolving credit facility                        –                –   (124,679)
Draw down of fixed term loan                                  –                –     100,000
Movement in banks loan outstanding                            –          (7,677)            –
Bank loans interest and fees paid                       (1,278)          (1,493)      (2,614)
Net cash outflow from financing activities             (80,149)        (81,648)    (142,690)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash                           9,997           27,074       14,617
Cash at the start of the period                          87,830           73,213       73,213
Cash at the end of the period                            97,827         100,287        87,830
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from bank loans
                                                         Liability                Non-cash movements             Liability
                                                            as at                                                   as at
                                                        31 March                       FX    Profit &       30 September
                                                            2020     Cash flows   movement      Loss                2020
                                                            £000           £000       £000      £000                £000
Revolving credit facility                                       –            –         –                –               –
  Interest and fees payable                                  111         (232)         –           243                122
Fixed term loan                                          100,000             –         –                –         100,000
  Interest and fees payable                                  350        (1,046)        –         1,050                354
Total liabilities from bank loans                        100,461        (1,278)        –         1,293            100,476
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the six months 30 September 2020

1 Basis of preparation

The Half Yearly Report for the period ended 30 September 2020 has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting
Standard (“IAS”) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”.

The Company has adopted the Statement of Recommended Practice (“SORP”) for investment trusts issued by the Association of
Investment Companies (“AIC”) issued in November 2014 and updated in February 2018 and October 2019 insofar as the SORP is
compatible with IFRS. The accounting policies applied in these half yearly accounts are consistent with those applied in the accounts
for the twelve months ended 31 March 2020.

The financial information contained in this interim statement does not constitute statutory accounts as defined in section 434 of the
Companies Act 2006. The financial information for the half years ended 30 September 2020 and 30 September 2019 has not been
audited. The figures and financial information for the year ended 31 March 2020 are extracted from the published accounts and do
not constitute the statutory accounts for that period. Those accounts have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies and included
the Report of the Independent Auditors, which was unqualified and did not include a statement under sections 498(2) or 498(3) of
the Companies Act 2006.

As at 30 September 2020, the Company had net current assets of £101,849,000 (31 March 2020: net current assets £95,397,000).
The Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has sufficient resources to continue in operational existence for the
foreseeable future. Accordingly the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.


2 Earnings per share
                                                                           For the six            For the six
                                                                            months to              months to           For the year
                                                                        30 September           30 September              31 March
                                                                                 2020                   2019                  2020
                                                                                £'000                  £'000                  £'000
Revenue profit                                                                 51,414                 44,528                59,933
Capital profit/(loss)                                                        492,224                  81,464             (286,671)
Total                                                                        543,638                125,992              (226,738)
Weighted average number of shares in issue                               239,976,332            248,756,861            245,537,352
Revenue profit per share                                                       21.42p                 17.90p                24.40p
Capital profit/(loss) per share                                              205.11p                  32.74p             (116.75)p
Total profit/(loss) per share                                                226.53p                 50.64p               (92.35)p


3 Equity share capital

In the six months to 30 September 2020, the Company bought back 5,781,760 shares for cancellation for a total consideration of
£45,300,000.

In the six months to 30 September 2019, the Company bought back 5,851,774 shares for cancellation for a total consideration of
£45,820,000.
                                                                    For the six           For the six
                                                                     months to             months to            For the year
                                                                 30 September          30 September                31 March
Shares of 25p each                                                        2020                   2019                    2020
Opening shares balance                                             242,484,139           251,416,170             251,416,170
Purchase and cancellation of own shares                             (5,781,760)           (5,851,774)             (8,932,031)
Closing shares balance                                             236,702,379           245,564,396             242,484,139
4 Dividends

On 25 November 2020 the Board declared an interim dividend of 5.00 pence per share for the financial year 2021 (interim dividend
for the financial year 2020: 5.00 pence per share) and a special dividend of 10.00 pence per share (special dividend for financial year
2020: 2.60 pence per share). The total of 15.00 pence per share is payable on 11 January 2021 to shareholders on the register on 4
December 2020. These dividends have not been accrued in the financial statements for the six months ended 30 September 2020 as
dividends are recognised when the shareholder's right to receive the payment is established. For the interim and special dividend this
would be the ex-dividend date of 3 December 2020.

5 Taxation

The revenue tax includes a £23.8 million Corporation Tax refund suffered on overseas dividend income received pre 2009 based on
the Prudential & CFC FII GLO cases, this has been offset by the current year overseas withholding tax suffered. The tax refunded
amounted to 10.0 pence per share. The capital tax expense consists of a £0.40 million expense arising from tax on realised gains on
Indian holdings.

6 Costs of investment transactions

During the period, expenses were incurred in acquiring or disposing of investments. The following costs of transactions are included
in the gains/(losses) on investments at fair value:
                                                                        For the six             For the six
                                                                         months to               months to          For the year to
                                                                     30 September            30 September                 31 March
                                                                               2020                   2019                      2020
                                                                              £'000                  £'000                     £'000
Purchase expenses                                                               233                    384                       503
Sales expenses                                                                  449                    363                       843
                                                                                682                    747                     1,346


7 Fair value

Fair values are derived as follows:

    •     Where assets are denominated in a foreign currency, they are converted into the sterling amount using period end rates of
          exchange;
    •     Non-current financial assets on the basis set out in the annual accounting policies; and
    •     Cash at the denominated currency of the account.

The tables below analyse financial instruments carried at fair value by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as
follows:

Level 1  Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;
Level 2  Inputs other than quoted prices included with level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (prices)
       or indirectly (derived from prices); and
Level 3 Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

The hierarchy valuation of listed investments through profit and loss are shown below:

                                                              30 September 2020        30 September 2019             31 March 2020
                                                                           £'000                    £'000                    £'000
Level 1                                                                2,238,459                2,184,767                1,780,253
Total                                                                  2,238,459                2,184,767                1,780,253
8 General

The Half Yearly Report for the six months to 30 September 2020 was approved by the Board on 25 November 2020. A copy of the
report is available on our website www.temit.co.uk.
Glossary of Alternative Performance Measures



Net asset value total return
A measure showing how the net asset value (“NAV”) per share has performed over a period of time, taking into account both capital returns and
dividends paid to shareholders in sterling terms. Total return measures allow shareholders to compare performance between investment trusts
where the dividend yield may differ. To calculate total return, it is assumed that dividends are reinvested into the assets of the Company at
the prevailing NAV on the day that the shares first trade ex-dividend. Total return is calculated using published daily NAVs. The NAVs include
income for the current period (“cum-income”).

Share price total return
A measure showing how the share price has performed over a period of time, taking into account both capital returns and dividends paid to
shareholders in sterling terms. Total return measures allow shareholders to compare performance between investment trusts where the
dividend yield may differ. Tocalculate total return, it is assumed that dividends are reinvested into the shares of the Company at the prevailing
share price on the day that the shares first trade ex-dividend.
Share price discount to net asset value (“NAV”)
A measure showing the relationship between the share price and the NAV, which is expressed as a percentage of the NAV per share. As at 30
September 2020 the Company’s share price was 828.0 pence and the NAV per share was 946.5 pence, therefore the discount was (828.0 –
946.5)/946.5 = 12.5% (31 March 2020: 10.3%). If the share price is lower than the NAV per share, the shares are said to be trading at a
discount. If the share price is higher than the NAV per share, the shares are said to be trading at a premium.

Gearing/net gearing
A term used to describe the process of borrowing money for investment purposes in the expectation that the returns on the investments
purchased using the borrowings will exceed the costs of those borrowings. For example, a figure of 5% means that the shareholder funds are
exposed to NAV returns by an additional 5%, positive or negative, as a result of borrowings. Gearing considers the effect of gearing on the
whole portfolio including any cash. Net gearing offsets any cash against the debt, as both debt and cash levels are unaffected by changes in the
market value of securities in the portfolio.

Ongoing charges ratio
The OCR represents the annualised ongoing charges (excluding finance costs, transaction costs and (taxation) divided by the
average daily net asset values of the Company for the period and has been prepared in accordance with the AIC’s
recommended methodology. Ongoing charges reflect expenses likely to recur in the foreseeable future. As at 30 September
the OCR ratio was 0.99% (31 March 2020: 1.02%). For periods where the AIFM fee changes during the year, the latest fee rate
is used for the purposes of the OCR to more accurately reflect the ongoing charges to the Company.

Gross total return
Gross total return is net asset value total return before the deduction of expenses (see page 10).

Excess return
The difference between the gross total return of TEMIT and the benchmark total return (see page 10).
Residual
A measure representing the difference between the actual excess return and the excess return explained by the attribution
model. This amount results fromseveral factors, most significantly the difference between the actual trade price of
securities included in actual performance and the end of day price used to calculate attribution (see page 10).

Market capitalisation
The total market value of a company’s shares. This is calculated by multiplying the share price on the date in question by the number of shares
in issue (see page 19).

Benchmark return
The Company’s benchmark is the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The benchmark is a recognised index of stocks
which should not be taken as wholly representative of the Company’s investment universe. The Company’s
investment strategy does not track this index and, consequently, there may be material divergence between the
Company’s performance and that of the benchmark. Although not an alternative performance measure, total return of the
benchmark is calculated on a closing market value to closing market value basis, assuming that all dividends received
were reinvested into the shares of the relevant companies at the time at which the shares were quoted ex-dividend. Returns
are converted by the index provider into sterling at prevailing exchange rates. Benchmark performance source:
MSCI.
Copies will be uploaded and available for viewing on the National Storage Mechanism, copies will also be posted to the website
www.temit.co.uk and may also be requested during normal business hours from Client Dealer Services at Franklin Templeton
Investment Management Limited on freephone 0800 305 306. A pdf version of the full Half Yearly Report to 30 th September 2020
will be available by accessing the following hyperlink http://www.temit.co.uk/content-common/semi-annual-report/en_GB/local-
GB/TEMIT-semi-annual-report.pdf


For further information please e-mail CompanySecretarialEdinburgh@franklintempleton.com or contact Client Dealer Services at
Franklin Templeton on free phone 0800 305 306, +44 (0) 20 7073 8690 for overseas investors, or e-mail
enquiries@franklintempleton.co.uk.
