山東 博安 生 物技 術 股 份 有限 公司
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Stock Code : 6955




                                                                                          Annual Report

                                                                                                2023
CONTENTS
2   COMPANY OVERVIEW

3   CORPORATE INFORMATION

5   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

7   CHAIRLADY’S STATEMENT

9   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

28 DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
   MANAGEMENT

37 REPORT OF DIRECTORS

50 WORK REPORT OF THE BOARD OF
   SUPERVISORS FOR 2023

53 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

70 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

75 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
   LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

76 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
   POSITION

78 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
   EQUITY

80 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

82 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    COMPANY OVERVIEW



    Established in 2013, Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (山東博安生物技術股份有限公司) (“Boan Biotech”,
    the “Company” or “our Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical
    company developing, manufacturing, and marketing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases,
    ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases. The company’s drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms:
    Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology
    Platform, ADC Technology Platform and Cell Therapy Platform.

    Boan Biotech operates across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line
    development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development,
    technology transfer, non-clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial
    production. In the cell therapy field, Boan Biotech focuses on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T
    technology, developing safer, more effective, and affordable treatments for patients.

    Boan Biotech’s portfolio includes two commercial products. Its pipeline includes multiple novel biologics as drug
    candidates protected for their international intellectual property rights and a number of biosimilar candidates. In
    addition to the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), the company is also developing biological products in
    overseas markets, including the United States (“U.S.”), the European Union (“EU”) and Japan. With a differentiated
    portfolio and well-established commercial capabilities, Boan Biotech operates across the industry’s value chain from
    research and development to manufacturing and commercialization, laying a solid foundation for long-term, high-
    quality growth in the future.




2   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE INFORMATION



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     STRATEGY COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                    Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chairlady)
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                     Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
(Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady of our Board)   Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)
Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
(President of R&D and Chief Operating Officer)         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                       GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Non-executive Directors                                Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chairlady)
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                         Ms. LI Li (李莉)
Dr. LI Youxin (李又欣)
(Passed away on 12 February 2023)                      REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE
Mr. CHEN Jie (陳杰) (Resigned on 12 December 2023)       PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
                                                       No. 39 Keji Avenue
                                                       High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                       Yantai, Shandong Province
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)
                                                       China
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)
                                                       HEADQUARTERS IN THE
                                                       PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
SUPERVISORS                                            No. 39 Keji Avenue
Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei (張曉玫) (Chairlady)
                                                       High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
Ms. NING Xia (寧夏)                                      Yantai, Shandong Province
Ms. LIU Xiangjie (劉祥杰)                                 China

COMPANY SECRETARY                                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟) (FCG, HKFCG)                    IN HONG KONG
                                                       5/F, Manulife Place
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                             348 Kwun Tong Road
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                     Kowloon
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟)                                 Hong Kong

AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        H SHARES SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄) (Chairperson)                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                Shops 1712–1716
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)                                    17th Floor Hopewell Centre
                                                       183 Queen’s Road East
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Wanchai
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林) (Chairperson)                      Hong Kong
Ms. LI Li (李莉)
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文) (Chairperson)
Ms. LI Li (李莉)
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                               SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     3
    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    LEGAL ADVISERS
    As to Hong Kong laws:
    Allen & Overy
    9/F, Three Exchange Square
    Central
    Hong Kong

    As to PRC laws:
    King & Wood Mallesons
    18th Floor, East Tower
    World Financial Center
    1 Dongsanhuan Zhonglu
    Chaoyang District
    Beijing 100020
    China

    AUDITOR
    Ernst & Young
    Certified Public Accountants
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    27/F, One Taikoo Place
    979 King’s Road
    Quarry Bay
    Hong Kong

    STOCK CODE
    6955

    COMPANY’S WEBSITE
    www.boan-bio.com

    PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
    China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd.
    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Bank of America
    Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch




4   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



1. REVENUE

   During the year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group has built a dedicated
   commercialization team by use of proactive marketing strategy and efficient executive capability in sales,
   through which the Group rapidly established a foothold in the domestic market laying a solid foundation for the
   subsequent transformation of the Company. With the commercialization of two products, the Group witnessed a
   significant increase in revenue during the Reporting Period.

   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB618.1 million, as
   compared to RMB516.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately
   RMB102.1 million, or 19.8%. The increase was mainly attributable to the growth of sales of Boyounuo® (BA1101)
   and Boyoubei® (BA6101) in China.

2. COST OF SALES

   Cost of sales of the Group primarily represents materials and consumables, labour costs associated with
   production, utilities and maintenance fee as well as depreciation and amortisation expenses of production
   equipment, facilities and intangible assets.

   Our cost of sales increased from RMB161.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately
   RMB209.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, which accounted for approximately 33.9% of our total
   revenue for the same year (2022: 31.3%).

3. GROSS PROFIT

   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB408.9 million,
   representing an increase of approximately RMB54.7 million, or 15.4%, as compared with that for the year ended
   31 December 2022.

4. SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB256.5
   million, as compared to RMB214.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of
   RMB42.4 million, or 19.8%. The increase in selling expenses was in line with the revenue growth during the same
   period.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           5
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




    5. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

       The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s research and development (“R&D”) expenses for the
       years indicated:

                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


       R&D service fees                                                                    96,675           176,079
       Raw materials and consumables expenses                                              33,388           100,377
       Staff costs and share-based payments                                                67,867            73,558
       Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                              17,776            23,958
       Others                                                                              14,976            26,366


                                                                                          230,682           400,338


       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s recognised R&D expenses were approximately RMB230.7
       million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB169.6 million as compared to the year ended 31
       December 2022. The decreased R&D expenses was mainly due to the increase in R&D investment capitalised
       into deferred development costs as four of the Group’s R&D projects had progressed to phase 3 clinical trial in
       2023.

    6. FOUR-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                       2020              2021              2022             2023
                                                  RMB Million       RMB Million       RMB Million      RMB Million


       Revenue                                               –             158.7             516.0             618.1
       Gross profit                                          –             106.5             354.2             408.9
       Net loss                                         (240.5)           (225.4)           (331.7)           (119.4)

       Total assets                                     908.0           2,106.6           2,202.6           2,323.4
       Total liability                                  426.4             554.9             784.2           1,003.5
       Equity                                           481.6           1,551.7           1,418.4           1,319.9




6   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CHAIRLADY’S STATEMENT



Dear Shareholders

On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company, I would like to express my sincere
gratitude for your enduring concern and support for Boan Biotech, and I am pleased to report the results of Boan
Biotech for the year ended 31 December 2023, as well as a brief outlook for the future development of the Company.

Boan Biotech is a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development, manufacturing, and
commercialization of quality biological drugs in China and around the world, providing innovative and accessible
treatment solutions for common major therapeutic areas such as oncology, metabolism, autoimmune, and
ophthalmology.

In 2023, Boan Biotech achieved high-quality development in its overall business despite the challenges posed by
various complex factors such as the international environment, economic cycles and industrial changes. During the
Reporting Period, the Company’s operating revenue reached RMB618.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of 19.8%. At the same time, the Company’s management efficiency was significantly improved: the selling expense,
research and development expenses and administrative expenses in total decreased by 22.7% year-on-year, and the
percentage of such expenses decreased by 47.9 percentage points year-on-year. The Company’s loss for the period
was only RMB119.4 million, narrowing significantly by 64.0% year-on-year. In addition, operating cash inflow and
outflow basically reached a balance, achieving a turnaround for the first time in the second half of 2023.

Boan Biotech is one of the few domestic biopharmaceutical companies with an integrated operation system of “R&D
– production – marketing”, and its product portfolio is characterised by “risk-balanced” and “innovation quality”,
while taking into account “short-term commercial visibility” and “medium– to long-term rapid development”. In 2023,
our two launched products, Boyounuo® (bevacizumab, oncology field) and Boyoubei® (denosumab, osteoporosis
field, BA6101) performed well in the market. Six pipeline projects are approaching commercialization, among which:
BA1102 (denosumab, oncology field) is in the biologics license application (BLA) review stage in China; BA5101
(dulaglutide, metabolic field) and BA9101 (aflibercept, ophthalmology field) have completed phase 3 clinical trials in
China and are currently in the BLA preparation stage; BA1104 (nivolumab, oncology field) is in phase 3 clinical trial in
China; overseas pipelines projects BA1102 (denosumab, oncology field) and BA6101 (denosumab, osteoporosis field)
have completed the enrollment of all subjects in the phase 3 clinical trials being conducted simultaneously in Europe,
the U.S., and Japan. While contributing strong momentum to revenue, such projects will also support the investment
in the research and development of innovative drugs.

Based on our three major antibody R&D technology platforms, namely, Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and
Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform and Antibody Drug Conjugate
(“ADC”) Technology Platform, we have also achieved a number of milestones in the development of innovative
antibodies: BA2101 (long-acting anti-IL-4R monoclonal antibody) has successfully entered into its phase 2 clinical
trial; BA1202 (anti-CEA/CD3 bispecific antibody), BA1106 (non-IL-2 blocking anti-CD25 antibody), BA1301 (anti-
Claudin18.2 ADC), and BA1105 (anti-Claudin18.2 monoclonal antibody) are progressing well in the phase 1 clinical
trials. In addition, the innovation value of the Company’s pipeline and the innovation quality of its technology platform
have been recognised in the industry, resulting in a number of collaborations.

In addition to antibody drugs, Boan Biotech is focusing on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T
technology to expand business in the field of cell therapy from a high starting point.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             7
    CHAIRLADY’S STATEMENT




    Strong scaled production capacity is also the pillar of Boan Biotech’s high quality and high cost-effectiveness.
    Currently, the Company is constructing several pilot and commercial production lines to expand production capacity
    based on demand and continue to enhance economies of scale. In addition, projects including the 2.0 process
    optimization of Boyounuo®, the construction of the second phase of intelligent antibody drug production line, and the
    construction of digital factories are all progressing smoothly with significant improvements in quality and efficiency.

    In terms of production quality, Boan Biotech has established a complete set of quality management systems that
    comply with the relevant standards of China, the U.S. and the EU, serving global patients with international quality
    standards. Currently, the Company has successfully passed the ISO9001/ISO14001/ISO45001 certifications, and
    obtained the GMP certification from Brazil’s Agência Nacional de Vigilancia Sanitária.

    The biopharmaceutical industry, as an important component of the “new quality productive forces”, continues
    to unleash vigorous development vitality. Thoroughly developing in this industry with unremitting efforts, Boan
    Biotech is about to embark on a new stage characterized by a significant leap in its business performance. With
    commitment to remaining firmly grounded, the Company will continue to strengthen its marketing capabilities
    and make full preparation for the commercialisation of new products. At the same time, the Company will take
    multiple measures to accelerate the clinical and registration process of its pipeline products in overseas markets,
    continue to diversify its innovative antibody product portfolio, continuously enhance its manufacturing capabilities,
    and actively explore cooperation opportunities with renowned partners in China and overseas, so as to drive the
    Company’s rapid development through both self-operated and external cooperation. In the short term, the Company
    expects to achieve a turnaround as soon as possible and reward its shareholders for their support with outstanding
    performance. In the long term, the Company is committed to becoming a leading global biopharmaceutical company
    and looks forward to benefiting patients and serving society with more innovative products.




    Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
    JIANG Hua
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady
    25 March 2024




8   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Boan Biotech is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company that specializes in developing, manufacturing, and
commercializing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases, ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases.
Our drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms, including: Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and
Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform, Antibody Drug Conjugate (“ADC”)
Technology Platform and Cell Therapy Platform.

We operate across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line development, upstream
and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development, technology transfer, non-
clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial production. In the cell therapy
field, we focus on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T technology, developing safer, more effective,
and affordable treatments for patients.

Our portfolio includes two commercial products, and our pipeline includes multiple novel biologics as drug candidates
protected for their international intellectual property rights and a number of biosimilar candidates. In addition to the
PRC, we are also developing biopharmaceutical products in the overseas markets, including the United States
(“U.S.”), the European Union (“EU”) and Japan. Boasting a strong and differentiated portfolio as well as exceptional
commercial capabilities across the value chain, we are well positioned to achieve long-term and sustainable growth
going forward.

2023 REVIEW: MEMORABLE YEAR WITH SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENTS

With the achievement of a series of major milestones, 2023 was a memorable year for us. We have made significant
achievements in all aspects of pipeline development, sales and marketing, manufacturing, and business collaboration.

As of the date of this report, two of our products (Boyounuo® (BA1101) and Boyoubei® (BA6101)) have been
successfully marketed in Chinese Mainland (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan regions of the People’s
Republic of China). During the Reporting Period, we recorded an increase in revenue of 19.8% to RMB618.1
million as compared to that of 2022, which demonstrated our continued capability to bring our biologics portfolio to
market and maintain market share. In December 2023, Boyounuo® has been included in the latest China’s National
Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) for its all 5 indications. As of the date of this report, Boyounuo® has been sold
to 1,688 medical institutions and channels including 322 hospitals. In January 2023, Boyoubei® obtained the code
of NRDL. As of the date of this report, Boyoubei® has been sold to 642 hospitals and over 820 pharmacies. In
addition, we have granted CP Pharmaceutical Qingdao Co., Ltd. (“CP Qingdao”) the exclusive right to commercialize
Boyoubei® in Chinese Mainland. A number of post-marketing clinical observational studies have been carried out
on these two products. We believe that with the coverage of medical insurance, the accumulation of more clinical
data, the coverage of wider markets, and various external collaborations with experienced partners, our business will
continue to grow steadily.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     From the beginning of 2023 to the date of this report, two product candidates entered the biologics license
     application (“BLA”) stage in different market. The BLA of BA1102 was accepted by the Centre for Drug Evaluation
     (“CDE”) of the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) in China in March 2023. The BLA of Boyuno® (name
     of Boyounuo® in Brazil) was accepted by Brazil’s Agência Nacional de Vigilância Sanitária (“ANVISA”) in April 2023.
     Five product candidates of us have remarkable progress in phase 3 clinical trials. First patient in phase 3 clinical trial
     of BA1104 in China enrolled in October 2023. The international multi-center phase 3 clinical study for our Denosumab
     Injection (BA6101 and BA1102) initiated in Europe, the U.S., and Japan completed patient enrollment in January
     2024. BA5101 completed its phase 3 clinical trial in China in March 2024. BA9101 completed its phase 3 clinical trial
     in China in April 2024. In addition, we also have one pipeline product (BA2101) entered into phase 2 clinical trial and
     four pipeline products (BA1105, BA1301, BA1202 and BA1106) progressing well in their phase 1 clinical trials. Two
     (BA1105 and BA1301) of them have also been granted Orphan Drug Designations (“ODD”) by the U.S. Food and
     Drug Administration (“FDA”) for pancreatic cancer and gastric cancer, including cancer of gastroesophageal junction.

     We continued to consolidate our R&D capabilities and industry influence. As of 31 December, 2023, our R&D
     team had 303 experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery research, biotechnology research,
     biopharmaceutical analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical research, pilot process research,
     clinical research, regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property and other R&D functions. From the
     beginning of 2023 to the date of this report, we had been granted ten new patents worldwide and we also published
     four international new research papers. As of the date of this report, we have been granted 35 patents and have 45
     pending patent applications worldwide, and we have published 15 international research papers.

     We have sufficient production capacity to meet the current commercial needs of our products. As of the date of
     this report, we have commercial production capacity of 9,000L and pilot production capacity of 700L. We also have
     multiple production lines under construction: 4*500L and 1*2,000L capacity for pilot production and two production
     lines with 3*2,000L capacity for commercial production. We have received GMP certification from ANVISA for
     our biological product, Boyuno®, covering the drug substance and the drug product in January 2024. ANVISA, a
     member of the Pharmaceutical Inspection Convention and Pharmaceutical Inspection Co-operation Scheme (PIC/S),
     conducted a comprehensive five-day GMP inspection with two Brazilian inspectors and an observer from the NMPA.
     The inspection covered various aspects, including production workshops, quality systems, QC laboratories, utilities,
     and training systems, with no observations from ANVISA. The ANVISA GMP certification represents a pivotal step
     for the subsequent marketing authorization approval of Boyuno and establishes a robust foundation for the global
     commercialization of our future biologics. In addition, we have built an electronic data environment from production,
     document management, training, warehousing and other aspects, promote the integration of production data,
     flexible manufacturing, and intelligent management, improve production efficiency and production operation flexibility,
     optimize production costs, and ensure drug quality and patient safety. We have been granted the “Leading Award for
     Digital and Intelligent Transformation and Intelligent Production of Pharmaceutical Enterprises” in the Pharma Digital
     Intelligence Summit (PHDI) 2023.




10   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




We are actively exploring external business development and licensing-out. In January 2024, we entered into an
agreement with Joincare Pharmaceutical Group Industry Co., Ltd. (“Joincare”), in relation to the exclusive licensing
and commercialization of BA2101 in the treatment of asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (“COPD”)
and other respiratory system diseases in Chinese Mainland. We also entered into an agreement with the Zencore
Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Zencore Biologics”), authorizing Zencore Biologics to use our self-developed stable cell line
development platform, BA-HIEXcell® for the development of antibodies and therapeutic proteins in Chinese Mainland.
In addition, we have discussed with a number of companies the out-licensing of our overseas business and have
signed market cooperation agreements with partners in a number of emerging market countries.

On 13 March 2023, we were included both in the list of stocks under Shanghai – Hong Kong Stock Connect and
Shenzhen – Hong Kong Stock Connect. On 12 April 2023, the “B” Marker has ceased to be affixed to the Company’s
English and Chinese stock short name at The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
indicating that we have qualified for higher standards for market capitalization/revenue under the Listing Rules.

The Company has also won a number of national or municipal honorary awards or accreditation, including the
recognition as “National High-tech Enterprise” by the Chinese Ministry of Science and Technology. In addition, we
have been awarded the “2023 Yantai Green Factory” certification.

Apart from the abovementioned achievements, we also believe the following strengths and progress have contributed
towards our success and differentiated us from other biopharmaceutical companies.

RISK-BALANCED PRODUCT PIPELINE

We, through years of efforts and dedication, have incubated a robust and risk-balanced portfolio, which brings us
clear short-term commercial visibility and allows us to pursue long-term sustainable growth. Specifically, our portfolio,
including two commercialized products, six investigational antibodies, and four biosimilar candidates, as of the
date of this report, focuses on popular key therapeutic areas including oncology, metabolism, autoimmunity, and
ophthalmology, which entail significant unmet needs and potential in China and overseas markets.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             11
12


                                        The following table summarizes our Commercialized Products and drug candidate pipeline under development in China and worldwide across various therapeutic
                                        areas as of the date of this report:

                                                                                        Product                                                                                       Commercial     Clinical
                                                                      Therapeuc area   (reference drug)      Target              Indicaon                                             rights     trial region   Pre-clinical   IND   Phase 1   Phase 2    Phase 3      BLA ﬁled       Launched

                                                                                                                                  Advanced gastric cancer, metastac pancreac
                                                                                                              Claudin 18.2                                                              Global        China
                                                                                        BA1105                                    cancer, and adenocarcinoma of the
                                                                                                              (ADCC)
                                                                                                                                  esophagogastric juncon
                                                                                                                                  Gastric cancer, pancreac cancer, and esophageal      Global        China
                                                                                        BA1301                Claudin 18.2 ADC
                                                                      Oncology                                                    cancer
                                                                                        BA1202                CEA/CD3 (2:1)       CRC, pancreac duct adenocarcinoma, etc.              Global        China

                                                                                        BA1106                CD25                Solid tumor                                           Global        China
                                                                                        BA1302                CD228 ADC           CRC, breast cancer, NSCLC, pancreac cancer, etc.     Global        China
                                         Innovave Anbody Porolio

                                                                                                                                  Atopic dermas, asthma, sinusis, pruritus,                                                                               Mainland Rights for Respiratory Disease
                                                                      Autoimmune        BA2101                IL4R (Long-Acng)                                                         Global        China
                                                                                                                                  urcaria, COPD etc.                                                                                                        Indicaons of BA2101 given to Joincare

                                                                                                                                  mCRC, advanced metastac or recurrent NSCLC,
                                                                                        Boyounuo® (BA1101,                        recurrent glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian,                         China
                                                                                                              VEGF                                                                      Global
                                                                                        an Avasn® biosimilar)                    fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, and
                                                                                                                                  cervical cancer
SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.



                                                                                                                                                                                                      Brazil

                                                                                        Boluojia® (BA1102,                                                                                            China
                                                                                                              RANKL               Bone metastases from solid tumors, and GCTB           Global
                                                                      Oncology          Xgeva® biosimilar)                                                                                          Overseas
                                                                                                                                  Melanoma, NSCLC, malignant pleural                                  China
                                                                                                                                  mesothelioma, RCC, cHL, SCCHN, urothelial
                                                                                        BA1104
                                                                                                                                  carcinoma, colorectal
                                                                                        (Opdivo®              PD-1                                                                      Global
                                                                                                                                  cancer, HCC, esophageal cancer, gastric cancer,                   Overseas
                                                                                        biosimilar)
                                                                                                                                  gastroesophageal juncon cancer, and
                                         Biosimilar Porolio                                                                      esophageal adenocarcinoma

                                                                                        Boyoubei® (BA6101,                                                                                            China                                                Promoon Rights given to CP Qingdao
                                                                                                            RANKL                 Osteoporosis                                          Global
                                                                                        Prolia® biosimilar)                                                                                         Overseas
                                                                      Metabolism
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                        BA5101 (Trulicity®                                                                                            China                                                                Upcoming BLA submission
                                                                                                              GLP-1               Type 2 diabetes                                       Global
                                                                                        biosimilar)                                                                                                 Overseas

                                                                                        BA9101                                                                                                        China                                                Promoon Rights given to OcuMension
                                                                      Ophthalmology                           VEGF                wAMD, RVO, DME, and DR                                Global
                                                                                        (Eylea® biosimilar)                                                                                         Overseas




                                        Commercialized products

                                        Boyounuo® (bevacizumab injection): an anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection and a biosimilar to Avastin® independently developed by us.

                                        It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China in April 2021. As of the date of this report, Boyounuo® has been approved for 5 indications (mCRC,
                                        advanced metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer, recurrent glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer and cervical
                                        cancer).

ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•   In April 2023, Brazil’s ANVISA accepted our BLA for Boyuno®. In January 2024, we received GMP certification
    from the Brazilian ANVISA for Boyuno®, covering the drug substance and the drug product. This progress
    accelerates the commercial launch of this product overseas and we believe that there would be broad market
    prospects for Boyuno® in Brazil based on the country’s huge patient base and the drug’s high clinical value.

•   In December 2023, Boyounuo® has been included in the latest NRDL for its all 5 indications.

Boyoubei® (BA6101, denosumab injection): a human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody of the RANK
ligand and the first biosimilar to Prolia® independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of postmenopausal women with
osteoporosis at high risk for fracture in November 2022.

•   In January 2023, Boyoubei® obtained the code of NRDL and the reimbursement could lay the foundation for
    rapid commercialization of Boyoubei®. In addition, we granted CP Qingdao the exclusive right to commercialize
    Boyoubei® in Chinese Mainland.

•   In December 2023, Boyoubei® has been included in the latest NRDL.

•   In May 2023, the first patient in (“FPI”) of an international multi-center phase 3 clinical study in Europe, the U.S.,
    and Japan for our Denosumab Injection (BA6101 and BA1102) was enrolled.

•   In January 2024, we completed the enrollment of all subjects for this international clinical study. According to the
    Guidelines by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical
    Devices Agency (“PMDA”) and based on our discussions with the FDA, EMA and PMDA, after completion of the
    Phase 3 clinical study, we can submit BLAs for BA6101 and BA1102 for all the approved indications as Prolia®
    and Xgeva® in the United States, Europe, and Japan, respectively.

Products to be commercialized in the near future

BA1102 (denosumab injection): a fully human IgG2 anti-RANKL monoclonal antibody and a biosimilar to Xgeva®
independently developed by us.

BA1102 is a biosimilar of Xgeva®. Its active ingredient is denosumab, a fully human IgG2 anti-RANKL monoclonal
antibody. Denosumab binds to RANKL and it inhibits the activation of OPG/RANKL/RANK signaling pathways, and
thus inhibits tumor growth and reduces bone destruction.

BA1102 is indicated for the treatment of patients with bone metastases from solid tumors and patients with multiple
myeloma. It will delay or reduce the risk of skeletal-related events (e.g. pathologic fractures, spinal cord compression,
bone radiotherapy or bone surgery). The drug is also indicated for the treatment of adults and skeletally mature
adolescents (defined as having at least one mature long bone and with body weight of 45 kg or above) with giant cell
tumor of bone (“GCTB”) that is unresectable or where surgical resection is likely to result in severe morbidity.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     •   In March 2023, the BLA of BA1102 was accepted by CDE in China.

     •   In May 2023, the FPI of an international multi-center phase 3 clinical study in Europe, the U.S., and Japan for our
         Denosumab Injection (BA6101 and BA1102) was enrolled.

     •   In January 2024, we completed the enrollment of subjects for this international clinical study. According to the
         Guidelines by the FDA, EMA and PMDA and based on our discussions with the FDA, EMA and PMDA, after
         completion of the Phase 3 clinical study, we can submit BLAs for BA6101 and BA1102 for all the approved
         indications as Prolia® and Xgeva® in the United States, Europe, and Japan, respectively.

     BA5101 (dulaglutide injection): a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist and a biosimilar to
     Trulicity® independently developed by us.

     Dulaglutide is a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist to be taken once a week. Compared
     with other glucose-reducing drugs, Dulaglutide can improve the functioning of pancreatic islet beta cells, stably and
     effectively reduce blood glucose and HbA1c levels. Due to its unique mechanism of action, Dulaglutide can improve
     multiple risk factors for cardiovascular diseases simultaneously such as weight gain, hyperlipidemia/blood lipids and
     long-term cardiovascular disease risks, and is not prone to causing lower rate of hypoglycemia. It can also protect
     the kidney. Moreover, several clinical studies have shown that taking Dulaglutide once a week can also encourage
     consumption regularity among patients as a result of such convenience of use. BA5101 is indicated for glycemic
     control in adults with type 2 diabetes.

     •   In May 2023, BA5101 completed the patient enrollment for its phase 3 clinical trial (a comparative study of
         efficacy, safety and immunogenicity) in China. In March 2024, we completed this phase 3 clinical trial and is
         planning to submit a BLA for this drug in China. BA5101 is the first dulaglutide biosimilar in the world to have
         completed phase 3 clinical trial as far as we are aware, and leads in development progress.

     BA9101 (aflibercept intravitreous injection): a recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor receptor
     antibody fusion protein ophthalmic injection and a biosimilar to Eylea®.

     Aflibercept is a homodimeric fusion protein consisting of portions of human vascular endothelial growth factor
     receptor (“VEGFR”) extracellular domains (VEGFR 1 Ig2 and VEGFR 2 Ig3) fused to the Fc portion of human IgG1.
     Aflibercept acts as a soluble decoy receptor that binds VEGF-A, VEGF-B and PlGF, and thereby can inhibit the
     binding and activation of VEGF and PlGF. It can therefore be used as the treatment for pathological neovascular
     ophthalmopathy of retina and choroid. EYLEA® was approved by the FDA in 2011 and it is currently approved for the
     treatment of Neovascular (Wet) Age-Related Macular Degeneration (“wAMD”), Macular Edema Following Retinal Vein
     Occlusion (RVO), Diabetic Macular Edema (“DME”), Diabetic Retinopathy (DR) and Retinopathy of Prematurity (ROP)
     worldwide. Aflibercept was approved in 2018 in China for the treatment of wAMD and DME.

     •   In March 2023, BA9101 completed the patient enrollment for its phase 3 clinical trial in China. In April 2024,
         we completed this phase 3 clinical trial and is planning to submit a BLA for this drug in China. Pursuant to
         a collaboration and exclusive promotion agreement entered in October 2020, we jointly developed BA9101
         with Ocumension Therapeutics (Stock code: 1477) in the phase 3 clinical trial of BA9101. We have granted
         Ocumension Therapeutics an exclusive right to promote and commercialize BA9101 in Chinese Mainland. We
         believe that Ocumension Therapeutics, as a well-known ophthalmology company with a professional team,
         will accelerate the clinical trials and commercialization of BA9101 to meet the urgent clinical needs of Chinese
         patients and strengthen our position in the field of biological products.




14   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BA1104 (nivolumab injection): a monoclonal antibody that can enhance the immune response of T cells against
tumors by preventing the programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor from binding to its ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is
a biosimilar to Opdivo® independently developed by us.

Being a broad-spectrum anticancer medication, Nivolumab has been approved for multiple indications both in China
and abroad. These include its use as a neoadjuvant, an adjuvant, or a first-line or later-line therapy for advanced
cancers. It can be used as a standalone treatment, in combination with chemotherapy, or alongside with novel
immune checkpoint inhibitors. Nivolumab has become a product of basic therapy for a variety of solid tumors.

•   In October 2023, the first patient in the phase 3 clinical trial of our Nivolumab Injection (“BA1104”) in China was
    enrolled.

Other pipeline products

BA2101: a long-acting human monoclonal antibody of the IgG4 subtype that targets interleukin-4 receptor subunit 
(IL-4R) independently developed by us.

The investigational drug can inhibit IL-4 and IL-13 signaling simultaneously, regulate the Th2 inflammatory pathway,
and reduce eosinophils and circulating IgE levels. It is intended to be used for treating allergic diseases caused by
Th2 inflammation. We have obtained regulatory approval to conduct clinical trials of BA2101 for indications including
atopic dermatitis, asthma, COPD, chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, prurigo nodularis, and chronic spontaneous
urticaria (CSU). Compared to drugs with the same target which usually require dosing every two weeks, BA2101 can
remain active for a longer period of time. Preclinical studies show that BA2101 has a longer half-life in cynomolgus
monkeys than a marketed product with the same target, a feature that is expected to enable dosing once every four
weeks in humans. Results of the completed phase 1 clinical trial show that BA2101 has a longer half-life and lower
clearance rate than the marketed product. The Company has initiated a phase 2 clinical trial for the Product.

•   We have completed the phase 1 clinical trial of BA2101 in 2023 and initiated a phase 2 clinical trial of BA2101 in
    January 2024.

•   In January 2024, we have entered into a partnership with Joincare Pharmaceutical Group Industry Co., Ltd.
    (“Joincare”) in relation to our BA2101. In this partnership, Joincare is granted the exclusive right to develop
    and commercialize BA2101 in Chinese Mainland for treating respiratory diseases such as asthma and chronic
    obstructive pulmonary disease (“COPD”). The partner, Joincare, is a leading Chinese company in the therapeutic
    area of respiratory diseases. It boasts a wide range of respiratory products and has a dedicated marketing
    team covering the whole country, making it a top player in the field. Through this partnership, we will leverage
    our respective strengths in R&D and commercialization to accelerate the clinical development of BA2101 for
    indications such as asthma and COPD.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     BA1202: a novel bi-specific antibody (bispecific antibody) drug that targets CEA/CD3 independently developed by us.

     BA1202 is a CEA/CD3 bispecific antibody that binds to both CD3 on T cells and CEA on tumor cells, enabling the
     linking of T cells with tumor cells to facilitate tumor killing. CD3 bispecific antibodies are an important direction for the
     development of innovative cancer immunotherapies. They function by recruiting CD3+ T cells to target tumors. As
     a bispecific T-cell engager (BiTE), they can bind to both CD3 antigens on the T cell surface and tumor-associated
     antigens. This enables them to bring T cells to tumor cells and stimulate the release of granzymes and perforin from T
     cells, which in turn leads to the killing of tumor cells. In addition, CD3 bispecific antibodies can enhance the sensitivity
     of immunotherapy as they can help turn cold tumors into hot ones by increasing immune cells infiltration into tumor
     tissues. This characteristic indicates their potential for use in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors such as
     PD-L1 antibodies for enhanced efficacy. CEACAM5 (“CEA”) is widely expressed on the cell surface of many epithelial
     tumors, such as colorectal cancer, NSCLC, pancreatic cancer, and gastric cancer, but is expressed less in normal
     tissues, making it a potential target for tumor-targeted therapy.

     BA1202 adopts a new butterfly-shaped antibody structure, with one end binding bivalently with high affinity to CEA
     on tumor cells, and the other end binding monovalently with relatively low affinity to CD3 on T cells, while retaining
     the Fc region. Such design enables it to reduce the risk of cytokine release syndrome (“CRS”) while retaining good
     efficacy through activating endogenous T cells to eliminate CEA-positive tumor cells.

     •   In May 2023, BA1202 received the IND approval in China. In August 2023, BA1202 was administered to the first
         subject in a phase 1 clinical trial.

     BA1106: a non-IL-2 blocking anti-CD25 antibody independently developed by us.

     BA1106 is the first investigational anti-CD25 antibody to start clinical trials in China for treating solid tumors. Anti-
     CD25 antibodies are broad-spectrum immuno-oncology drugs with the potential to treat multiple cancers where
     CD25 is highly expressed, including cervical cancer, renal cancer, ovarian cancer, melanoma, pancreatic cancers,
     hepatocellular carcinoma, gastric cancer, and breast cancer. BA1106 therefore has great potential for treating
     those cancers. However, developing anti-CD25 antibodies faces two major challenges: first, the function of Fc as a
     mediator is limited, and as a result, they only work in early-stage tumor models but not in late-stage tumor models;
     second, the IL-2 signaling pathway is blocked, leading to poor antitumor outcomes. BA1106 is a drug candidate that
     can successfully overcome these two challenges.

     The main mechanism of action of BA1106 is to deplete Treg cells in the tumor microenvironment through the ADCC
     and increase the number of effector T cells. Preclinical studies have shown that BA1106 demonstrated a good
     therapeutic effect on both early-stage and late-stage tumor models, and it has a synergy when used in combination
     with an anti – PD-1 antibody. Moreover, BA1106 does not block the IL-2 signaling pathway, and depletes Treg cells
     moderately and specifically, with the potential for monotherapy and combination therapy. The results of the study on
     BA1106 have been published in Scientific Reports, a journal of Nature.

     •   In February 2023, BA1106 was administered on the first patient in a phase 1 clinical trial in China.




16   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BA1301: an ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2 independently developed by us.

BA1301 for injection is our first novel ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2. It employs a site-specific conjugation
technology to connect the cytotoxic payload with a monoclonal antibody that targets Claudin 18.2. This enables the
cytotoxic payload to be directed to the tumor site through the targeting characteristics of the antibody. Such design
reduces the toxic side effects of the cytotoxic payload, thus improving the therapeutic window, while retaining its
tumor-killing effect.

•   In January 2023, BA1301 received the IND approval in China. It was administered on the first patient in a phase
    1 clinical trial in China in June.

•   In December 2023, BA1301 was granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. In January
    2024, BA1301 was additionally granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of gastric cancer, including cancer
    of gastroesophageal junction.

BA1105: a recombinant anti-Claudin 18.2 fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody independently developed by us.

Claudin 18.2 protein is a transmembrane protein involved in the regulation of tight junctions between cells, and can
be consistently, stably, and highly expressed in gastrointestinal tumors. BA1105 is a recombinant anti-Claudin 18.2
fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody, which enhances tumor-killing efficacy by enhancing antibody-dependent
cellular cytotoxicity (“ADCC”) effect. BA1105 introduces amino acid mutations in the Fc region to enhance the ADCC
effect.

•   In December 2023, BA1105 was granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. In January
    2024, BA1105 was additionally granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of gastric cancer, including cancer
    of gastroesophageal junction.

BA1302: a novel CD228-directed ADC independently developed by us.

First found in melanoma, CD228 is a GPI anchored glycoprotein that plays a role in tumor cell proliferation and
migration. It is highly expressed in a variety of solid tumors such as melanoma, mesothelioma, colon cancer, breast
cancer, and pancreatic cancer, and has low expression in normal tissues. Therefore, CD228 has high specificity in
terms of expressing in tumors. It has higher binding specificity, and binds with the membrane form of CD228 only,
not with sMFI2, which is its soluble form. The chemical part of BA1302 is BNLD11, a linker-payload screened by the
company stable both in vitro and in vivo.

The preclinical study shows that BA1302 exhibits a good antitumor effect in various tumor models such as lung
cancer, gastric cancer, and melanoma. It demonstrates good safety and tolerance in the toxicological pretests
on cynomolgus monkeys with the Maximum Tolerated Dose (MTD) being over 10mg/kg. This indicates strong
therapeutic potential for the drug if used in clinical settings. BA1302 is in the preclinical study phase, and is expected
to be the first-in-class product in China. No other ADC candidates with the same target have been reported for
clinical trials in China.

•   In May 2023, we presented the results of our research on BA1302 as a poster at the 19th Essential Protein
    Engineering & Cell Therapy Summit, known as PEGS Boston Summit 2023 or in short PEGS Boston 2023.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     STRONG R&D CAPABILITIES

     We have a fully-fledged proprietary R&D technology platform focusing on antibody discovery and drug development.
     We have R&D teams and facilities located in Yantai and Nanjing in China and Boston in the U.S., with rich experience
     and strong track records in drug discovery and development. In terms of technology, we boast proprietary Human
     Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform,
     ADC Technology Platform, and Cell Therapy Technology Platform which we believe these will provide us with great
     technological support.

     We take pride in our strong chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”) capability which is the backbone of the
     quality and cost efficiency that we have maintained throughout the process of our drug development and commercial
     production, especially in cell line development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-
     analytical method development as well as technology transfer. Our CMC function establishes practical qualitative
     and quantitative standards for us to maintain product quality and effectively progresses drug discovery to actual
     manufacturing.

     Our strong CMC capability accumulated through the years of effort has shortened drug development time and
     enabled speed to market. We believe such capability is a formidable barrier to competitors and has paved the way for
     our first-mover advantage.

     Our high caliber R&D team has outstanding execution capability in drug development with a proven track record. As
     of 31 December 2023, our R&D team consisted of 303 experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery
     research, biotechnology research, biopharmaceutical analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical
     research, pilot process research, clinical research, regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property
     and other R&D functions, most of whom had R&D and clinical experience of more than seven years.

     As a biopharmaceutical company, we are keenly aware of the importance of establishing and protecting our
     intellectual property rights. We have filed a number of patent applications for our drug candidates in various
     jurisdictions, and expect to rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property
     rights, as well as employee and third-party confidentiality agreements, for safeguarding our intellectual properties. As
     of the date of this report, we have been granted 35 patents and have 45 pending patent applications worldwide.

     Underpinned by our strong R&D capability, we have published 15 research papers in world-renowned academic
     journals including Cell Discovery of Nature, Antibody Therapeutics, and Cancer Communications, introducing our
     research breakthroughs on some of our drug candidates.




18   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




STRONG MANUFACTURING CAPABILITY WITH HIGH QUALITY AND COST
EFFICIENCY

We have a sizable pilot and commercial production site located in Yantai, China. We employ a robust quality
management system for the Yantai Site that meets various quality standards such as good manufacturing practice
set by the relevant regulatory authorities of China and the EU QP. We have passed a number of audits in China
and the EU QP. Our Yantai Site, having a total gross floor area of approximately 84,474 sq.m., houses a number of
production lines with a total capacity of 700L for pilot production and 9,000L for commercial production, as well as
two formulation filling lines for both pilot and commercial production as of the date of this report. Our manufacturing
system including production, quality, engineering and etc. managed by a strong and integrated team, which as of 31
December 2023 had a total of 432 employees.

Apart from production capacity, our proprietary manufacturing capability, such as perfusion culture and fed-batch
culture, provides flexibility and improves the throughput and production efficiency. Our Yantai Site is also highly
versatile, adaptable to manufacturing drugs targeting different antibodies, and is capable of producing various
formulations. To further improve production cost efficiency, we utilize digital management in our production. In
September 2023, we have been awarded the “Leading Award for Digital and Intelligent Transformation and Intelligent
Production of Pharmaceutical Enterprises” in the Pharma Digital Intelligence Summit (PHDI) 2023.

While improving production efficiency and scale, we are also practicing the concept of green and sustainable
development. By formulating a sound environmental management system, we improve resource utilization, promote
energy conservation and emission reduction, accelerate the application of artificial intelligence, promote digital
transformation, and promote the high-quality development of enterprises. In April 2023, we have been awarded the
“2023 Yantai Green Factory” certification.

WELL-ESTABLISHED COMMERCIALIZATION CAPABILITY

We have successfully expanded our commercial portfolio into two products (Boyounuo® and Boyoubei®) spanning
over multiple therapeutic areas.

During the Reporting Period, we have increased product revenue by 19.8% to RMB618.1 million, compared to
RMB516.0 million in the previous year, mainly driven by the continued solid growth of our first marketed product
Boyounuo® (bevacizumab injection) coupled with the commercialization of Boyoubei® (denosumab injection).

Leveraging our well-established and demonstrated commercialization capability backed by marketing strategies
implemented by our dedicated sales and marketing team, we believe that we are well positioned to achieve speed
to market and rapid ramp-up of product sales. Internally, we have a dedicated in-house sales and marketing team
with extensive industry experience, and they develop and implement marketing and sales initiatives and plans for our
product and drug candidates in their scheduled rollouts. Externally, we collaborate with various resourceful business
partners which lay the foundation for our strong commercialization capability. As of 31 December 2023, we engaged
70 third party promoters providing us with promotional services. Our collaboration with experienced third-party
promoters effectively publicizes and maximize market potential of our products.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     We had an extensive distribution network of more than 200 distributors as of 31 December 2023, penetrating
     selected regions and reaching more than 2,700 target hospitals and institutions in China.

     In January 2023, we have granted the CP Qingdao the exclusive right to commercialize Boyoubei® in Chinese
     Mainland. CP Qingdao has been focusing on osteoporosis therapeutic field for many years with multiple products.
     Their core product in this field has a leading position in the market of Chinese Mainland. Boyoubei® may form a
     competitive product portfolio with their current products in this field to achieve greater synergies. We believe that we
     can leverage on CP Qingdao’s professional marketing and sales team and extensive distribution network in this field
     to accelerate the commercialization of Boyoubei® to meet the urgent clinical needs of Chinese patients.

     EXTENSIVE COLLABORATION WITH VARIOUS RESOURCEFUL BUSINESS PARTNERS

     We have explored a number of cooperations with well-known domestic and foreign companies in various fields as of
     the date of this report.

     For our launched products, we have granted CP Qingdao the exclusive right to commercialize Boyoubei® in Chinese
     Mainland as discussed above.

     For our drug candidates under development, we have entered into an agreement with OcuMension regarding the
     product development cooperation, and promotion and commercialization of BA9101 in China. OcuMension is a well-
     known ophthalmology pharmaceutical company with a professional team. This cooperation will accelerate the clinical
     trials and commercialization of BA9101 to meet the urgent clinical needs of Chinese patients. In April 2024, BA9101
     completed its phase 3 clinical trial in China.

     In addition, we have granted Joincare the exclusive right to the development, registration, manufacturing, and
     commercialization of BA2101 for the treatment of asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and other
     respiratory system diseases in Chinese Mainland. Joincare is a leading Chinese company in the therapeutic area of
     respiratory diseases. It boasts a wide range of respiratory products and has a dedicated marketing team covering
     the whole country, making it a top player in the field. Through this partnership, we and Joincare will leverage our
     respective strengths in R&D and commercialization to accelerate the clinical development of BA2101 for indications
     such as asthma and COPD. We will also use our strong clinical capabilities to accelerate the development of
     additional indications, so that patients can benefit from BA2101 as soon as possible.

     For technology platform, we have signed a strategic cooperation agreement with GenScript Biotech Corporation
     (“GenScript”) regarding the development and production of GenCircle™ dsDNA, a novel small circular double-
     stranded DNA vector without antibiotic resistant marker that is a critical raw material in the field of gene and cell
     therapy. We will purchase GenCircle™ dsDNA at a scientific research level of GMP from GenScript to further
     enhance the R&D efficiency of independently developed cell drug preparation platforms “STEALTH CAR-T™” and
     “ReceptorTAC™”, and accelerate the development process of non-viral vector cell therapy products, thus setting out
     for the field of cell therapy from a high starting point.

     We have also entered into an agreement with the Zencore Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Zencore Biologics”), authorizing
     Zencore Biologics to use our self-developed stable cell line development platform, BA-HIEXcell® for the development
     of antibodies and therapeutic proteins in Chinese Mainland. BA-HIEXcell® is a cutting-edge platform in the industry in
     terms of both the efficiency and the expression levels in cell line development.




20   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




2024 OUTLOOK

On 30 December 2022, we were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. As our first year in the capital
market, 2023 was a harvest year with revenue growth of commercialized products and a transformative year to
speed up our pipeline progress in innovative antibodies. Looking ahead to 2024, we expect Boluojia (BA1102,
denosumab injection for the treatment of oncology indications) to be approved by NMPA in China. In addition, we
have the plan to submit BLAs for dulaglutide injection (BA5101) and aflibercept intravitreous injection (BA9101) in
China within this year. The overseas clinical trials and registration of denosumab injection (BA6101 and BA1102) as
well as dulaglutide injection (BA5101) will continue to advance, and we will strive to bring these three products to the
global market as soon as possible. The six innovative pipelines will also produce important phased data results in
their phase 1 or phase 2 clinical trials and their related results will be presented in international research journals or
academic conferences. With such a wealth of R&D progress, we hope that there will be more opportunities for global
cooperation in relation to our pipeline products in 2024 as well.

Finally, our vision is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company. In order to achieve our vision and goals, we
will continue to implement the following strategies.

Further strengthen our marketing capability and accelerate the commercialization of our drug
candidates by leveraging our experience in commercializing Boyounuo® and Boluojia® to be
commercialized

We plan to continue to strengthen our commercialization capability, which is critical to our future success and
profitability. Particularly, we plan to enhance the market share of Boyounuo® by expanding our sales and marketing
team and strengthening our distribution channels to cover more target hospitals. Our distributors and promoters
support us in the sales and marketing of our products. Therefore, we plan to broaden our nationwide sales and
distribution network through collaboration with sizable distributors having comprehensive distribution channels so
as to reach more target hospitals with potential strong demand of our products. We also plan to continue to expand
our experienced and professional sales and marketing team in China, which mainly focuses on market access,
medical affairs, and any other promotional initiatives in the therapeutic areas of oncology, metabolism, autoimmunity
and ophthalmology. To promote our products nationwide, we intend to selectively enter into promotion agreements
with reputable pharmaceutical companies and continue to collaborate with leading key opinion leaders in market
education and product promotion. For hospital coverage, we endeavour to enhance the penetration rate of hospitals
in China with tailored strategies for our specific products.

Establishing our marketing network and expanding our overseas footprint is instrumental to our vision of becoming
a leading global biopharmaceutical company. We plan to expand our presence into international markets through a
number of ways in selected markets or regions including accelerating clinical trial plans, identifying and working with
suitable distributors and collaborating with international reputable industry players on business development.

Accelerate products portfolio towards commercialization in selected overseas markets

We plan to continue to accelerate clinical trials of drug candidates and regulatory approval towards commercialization.
Specifically, in order to launch potential first-to-market biosimilar drugs with leading market share, we will continue
to strengthen our competitive edge on biosimilar drug development to enhance commercialization visibility. In the
next three years, we expect that 4 of our product candidates (BA1102, BA5101, BA9101 and BA1104) will have the
potential to be launched in the China market and 3 of our product candidates (Boyounuo®, BA6101 and BA1102) will
have the potential to be launched in the overseas market.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     We will also implement our first-to-market clinical development strategy, especially for our innovative antibody drug
     candidates focusing on oncology with unmet medical needs, to accelerate the clinical trial and regulatory approval.

     To strengthen our innovative antibody drug pipeline and accelerate clinical development, with our excellent drug
     development skills, we seek to maintain a risk-balanced portfolio with a strategic combination of mature targets and
     new targets, aiming to become first-in-class drugs.

     Enrich our innovative antibody portfolio to maximize our long-term commercial potential

     Leveraging on our strong R&D capability and proprietary technology platforms, we plan to continue to develop
     innovative antibody drug candidates with strategically selected antibody targets and huge market potential. For
     example, we will continue to optimize our proprietary technology platforms in supporting the development of
     our innovative antibody drug pipeline and advance clinical studies for new programs. We will also selectively
     pursue strategic collaborations with respect to product license-in to enrich our portfolio and support our long-
     term sustainable growth. In particular, we will prioritize license-in of products and product candidates focusing on
     oncology, with innovative targets or targets developed through advanced technology platforms so as to enrich our
     portfolio and strengthen R&D competitiveness. We plan to enhance our R&D resources by hiring talent with extensive
     international drug discovery and development experience, and also by improving our R&D facilities and infrastructure.

     Continue to expand in-house manufacturing capability

     To support the growing sales of Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and other upcoming product launches as anticipated,
     we plan to increase our investment in manufacturing equipment to expand manufacturing capacity, including
     two production lines each with three 2,000L single-use bioreactors for commercial production. This is to fulfill the
     anticipated large demand for commercialized products. We will seek to develop and optimize in-house process
     technologies, strengthen the digitalization of production, upgrade our production facilities, enhance production know-
     how, as well as introduce a new technology platform, with a view to maintaining high-cost efficiency and production
     quality. We also plan to expand our in-house manufacturing and quality control team by attracting and retaining
     experienced talent who has in-depth know-how. We will continue to improve our production processes and optimize
     our production technology to reduce production costs.

     Explore collaboration with reputable partners from China and overseas to expand market
     presence

     Our integrated biopharmaceutical platform is built upon our in-house capabilities throughout the entire biologics value
     chain which enables us to expand our market presence. We will maximize the value of our platform by exploring
     collaboration with reputable partners from China and overseas in a number of ways. For example, we plan to
     selectively enter into strategic cooperation, including license-out or co-development with partners, so as to facilitate
     the clinical development and commercialization of our early-stage drug candidates. We may cooperate with business
     partners, including promoters and distributors, to broaden our geographical coverage hence commercializing our late-
     stage drug candidates including BA1102, BA6101 and BA5101. We may also explore co-development opportunities
     with leading global pharmaceutical companies and academic institutions to enhance our technology platforms. We
     will selectively collaborate with strategic partners with the aim to commercialize our drug candidates outside of China
     hence maximizing their market potential.




22   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s dedicated commercialization team made use of proactive marketing
strategies and efficient executive and sales capabilities, through which the Group continued to establish its foothold
in the domestic market thereby laying a solid foundation for the subsequent transformation of the Company. With
the commercialization of two products, the Group witnessed a significant increase in revenue during the Reporting
Period.

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB618.1 million, as
compared to RMB516.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately
RMB102.1 million, or 19.8%. The increase was mainly attributable to the sustained growth of sales of Boyounuo®
(BA1101) in China.

Cost of Sales

Cost of sales of the Group primarily represents materials and consumables, labour costs associated with production,
utilities and maintenance fee as well as depreciation and amortisation expenses of production equipment, facilities
and intangible assets.

Our cost of sales increased from RMB161.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately
RMB209.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, which accounted for approximately 33.9% of our total
revenue for the same year (2022: 31.3%).

Gross Profit

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB408.9 million,
representing an increase of approximately RMB54.7 million, or 15.4%, as compared with that for the year ended 31
December 2022.

Other Income and Gains

Other income and gains consist of government grants, bank interest income and others. Government grants mainly
represent subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s research and development
activities and operation.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     During the Reporting Period, the Group recognised other income and gains of approximately RMB27.7 million (2022:
     RMB24.3 million).

                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


     Other income and gains
     Government grants                                                                        25,768             16,301
     Bank interest income                                                                      1,159              5,568
     Foreign exchange gain, net                                                                    –              2,381
     Others                                                                                      727                 98


     Total other income and gains                                                             27,654             24,348


     Administrative Expenses

     Our administrative expenses decreased significantly from RMB82.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022
     to RMB51.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. Such decrease was because a significant portion of the
     administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2022 was contributed by the listing expenses of RMB43.1
     million incurred for the Global Offering.

     Selling and Distribution Expenses

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB256.5
     million, as compared to RMB214.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of
     RMB42.4 million, or 19.8%. The increase in selling expenses during the year ended 31 December 2023 was in line
     with the revenue growth during the same period.

     Research and Development Expenses

     The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s R&D expenses for the years indicated:

                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


     R&D service fees                                                                         96,675            176,079
     Raw materials and consumables expenses                                                   33,388            100,377
     Staff costs and share-based payments                                                     67,867             73,558
     Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                   17,776             23,958
     Others                                                                                   14,976             26,366


                                                                                            230,682             400,338


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s recognised R&D expenses were approximately RMB230.7
     million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB169.6 million as compared to the year ended 31 December
     2022. The decreased R&D expenses was mainly due to the increase in R&D investment capitalised into deferred
     development costs as four of the Group’s R&D projects had progressed to phase 3 clinical trial in 2023.



24   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Finance Costs

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB14.1 million, as compared to
RMB13.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of approximately RMB0.7 million,
or 5.2%. The increase was mainly due to the increase in interest expenses incurred on discounted notes receivable
for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Income Tax Expense

As we were loss-making for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023, we did not incur income tax expenses.

Loss for the Year

As a result of the above, our loss for the year amounted to RMB119.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, as
compared to RMB331.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

The Group’s primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, which the Group has historically
generated through the sales of products and the proceeds from the Listing. The Company expects that the Group’s
cash needs in the near future will primarily relate to progressing the development of its drug candidates towards
receiving regulatory approval and commencing commercialization, as well as expanding its drug candidate portfolio.
In 2023, we actively explored financing channel and managed to maintain our cash position for the Group’s
sustainable development.

As of 31 December 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of RMB201.9 million, representing a decrease of 13.5%
compared to RMB233.5 million as at 31 December 2022. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had net current assets
of approximately RMB59.7 million, as compared to approximately RMB375.0 million as at 31 December 2022. The
current ratio of the Group decreased slightly to approximately 1.09 as at 31 December 2023 from approximately 1.80
as at 31 December 2022. The decrease in net current assets was mainly attributable to increased short-term bank
loans and higher other payables and accruals under the Group’s current liabilities.

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately
RMB396.2 million, representing an increase of RMB102.9 million as compared to approximately RMB293.3 million as
at 31 December 2022. The increase was mainly attributable to an interest-bearing borrowing resulting from a finance
lease agreement in 2023, as further disclosed by the Company in its announcement dated 22 December 2023.
The balances of the bank loans to the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2023 were mainly due to a RMB250.0
million loan facility granted to the Group in 2021 (the “Loan”), which shall be used to settle the Group’s shareholder
loans in relation to machinery and equipment under installation for new production lines of the Group. The Loan is
due in 2026 and bears a floating interest rate to be updated per annum (being the latest five-year loan prime rate
plus 5 basis points). The other portion of the Group’s current interest-bearing bank loans as at 31 December 2023
was attributable to the discounted notes receivable of RMB23.8 million because the Group discounted certain notes
receivable to the bank prior to the notes’ maturity date with effective interest rates within a range between 1.14% to
2.20% to fund its daily operations.

Amongst the loans and borrowings, approximately RMB167.8 million are repayable within one year, and
approximately RMB228.4 million are repayable after one year. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s borrowings
were primarily denominated in RMB, and the cash and cash equivalents were primarily denominated in RMB and U.S.
dollars.


ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Gearing Ratio

     As at 31 December 2023, the gearing ratio of the Group, which is calculated by dividing total borrowings by total
     equity, increased to 30.0% from 20.7% as at 31 December 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase in
     the Group’s short-term bank and other borrowings during the Reporting Period.

     Capital Commitments

     The Group has leased certain offices, equipment and buildings under operating lease arrangements ranging from one
     to five years in duration. The Group had capital commitments for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment
     with amounts of RMB225.0 million as of 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB236.4 million). They are primarily related to
     expenditures expected to be incurred for the purchase of machinery and renovation of our existing laboratories and
     buildings.

     Capital Expenditure

     The Group’s capital expenditure during the Reporting Period represented purchases of property, plant and equipment
     to enhance its research and development capabilities and expand its business operation. For the year ended 31
     December 2023, the Group’s additions to property, plant and equipment were RMB104.3 million (2022: RMB121.8
     million).

     Contingent Liabilities

     The Group did not have any contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2023.

     Charges on Group Assets

     As at 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, and right-of-use assets with an
     aggregate amount of RMB270.3 million were pledged to secure its bank and other borrowings.

     Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk

     The Group primarily operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from fluctuations in exchange
     rate between RMB and other currencies in which the Group conducts its business. The Group is subject to foreign
     currency risk attributable to the bank balances that are denominated in currencies other than RMB. The Group seeks
     to limit the exposure to foreign currency risk by minimising its net foreign currency position. The Group did not enter
     into any hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk as at 31 December 2023. The Directors expect that
     the fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate will not have a material adverse effect on the operation of the Group.

     Share-based Payment

     In December 2020, the Board passed a resolution to grant equity interests of the Company to the eligible employees
     (including Directors) in order to provide incentives and rewards to participants for the business development of the
     Group. Subsequently, three limited partnerships were established as employee incentive platforms in the PRC.

     The Group recognised a share-based payment expense of RMB20.6 million during the Reporting Period (2022:
     RMB18.5 million).




26   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Hedging Activities

As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes and did not enter
into any hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk or interest rate risk.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 December 2023, the Group employed a total of 813 employees, as compared to a total of 745 employees as
at 31 December 2022. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the staff costs, (including Directors’ emoluments but
excluding any contributions to pension scheme), were approximately RMB127.5 million as compared to RMB121.4
million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to motivate and
retain talented employees to achieve the Group’s long term corporate goals and objectives. The Group’s employee
remuneration policy is determined by taking into account factors such as remuneration in respect of the overall
remuneration standard in the industry and employee’s performance. The management reviews the Group’s employee
remuneration policy and arrangements on a regular basis. Moreover, the social insurance contributions are made by
the Group for its PRC employees in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not hold any significant investment with a value greater than 5% of its total assets as at 31 December
2023. The Group does not have plans for material investments or capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 12 April 2024, the Company obtained a loan facility of RMB300,000,000 (the “Facility”) from China Jingu
International Trust Co., Ltd. (the “Lender”). In connection with the Facility, Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
(“Shandong Luye”), a controlling shareholder of the Company, has agreed to pledge 74,142,360 H shares of the
Company (the “Pledged Shares”) in favour of the Lender as security for the Company’s repayment obligations under
the Facility. The Pledged Shares are expected to be discharged and released upon repayment of the Facility in full.
For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 April 2024.

After 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report, save as disclosed above, to the best of the Directors’
knowledge, there was no event occurred that had affected the Group significantly.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of
Association”), or the laws of the PRC, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares of the Company on a
pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

DIVIDEND

No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: Nil).


ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            27
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT


     Set forth below is the composition of the board of directors, the supervisors of the Company (the “Supervisors”) and
     senior management of the Company as at 31 December 2023.

     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (“Ms. JIANG”), aged 46, was appointed as our Director on 22 June 2020 and re-designated
     as our executive Director on 25 March 2022. She is the Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer of our Company
     and the sole director of Nanjing Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (南京博安生物技術有限公司) (“Boan Nanjing”). She
     is responsible for overseeing the corporate management, strategic and business development of our Group and
     overseeing our Board. Ms. JIANG has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in the PRC. Prior
     to joining our Group, from September 1998 to September 2020, she worked at Luye Pharma Group Ltd. (綠葉製藥
     集團有限公司) (“Luye Group”) with her last position as vice president, where she was primarily responsible for Luye
     Group’s investment, strategy and business development and investor relations management. Ms. JIANG obtained
     a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University in the PRC in July 1998. She also obtained a master’s
     degree in business administration from KEDGE Business School (formerly known as Euromed Marseille Ecole de
     Management) in France in May 2007 and a doctor’s degree in business administration from United Business Institutes
     in Belgium in June 2012. She also obtained a qualification of economist (經濟師) issued by the Ministry of Human
     Resources and Social Security of the PRC (formerly known as the Ministry of Personnel of the PRC) in November
     2003.

     Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林) (“Dr. DOU”), aged 61, was appointed as our Director on 16 November 2019 and
     re-designated as our executive Director on 25 March 2022. Dr. DOU joined our Company in December 2013 and
     was responsible for the preliminary set up of our Company and its technological platforms. He is currently our
     president of R&D, chief operating officer and the sole director of Boan Boston LLC (“Boan Boston”). He is responsible
     for formulating the R&D and product line development strategies, implementing the R&D activities and overseeing
     the management of drug development processes of our Group. Dr. DOU has over 25 years of experience in the
     pharmaceutical industry, including biopharmaceutical R&D, manufacturing and quality management in various
     multinational companies. Prior to joining our Group, from September 1995 to November 1999, he worked at Memorial
     Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, a leading cancer research and treatment centre in the U.S., where he was primarily
     responsible for research in neuroscience and developmental biology. From November 1999 to December 2005,
     he worked at Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company principally engaged in life-transforming
     medicines in the U.S., where he was primarily responsible for R&D in antibody and recombinant protein drugs
     including key products such as Eylea®, leading high expression technology development and was the inventor for two
     patents granted in the U.S. From February 2006 to November 2007, he served as a group leader at Genentech, a
     biotechnology company that is now a subsidiary of the Roche Group in the U.S., where he was primarily engaged in
     the R&D of antibody drugs and innovative antibody production technologies. From December 2007 to March 2009,
     he served as a group leader at Invitrogen Corporation, a biotechnology company in the U.S., where he was primarily
     responsible for the R&D of stable cell line technology and early stage development of therapeutic protein products.
     He also served as a group leader at Cellular Dynamics International, a leading developer and manufacturer of human
     cells used in drug discovery, toxicity testing, stem cell banking and cell therapy development in the U.S., where he
     was primarily responsible for leading the R&D of cell technologies. From July 2011 to June 2012, he last served as
     a chief technical officer at A-Bio Pharma Pte. Ltd, a biologic contract manufacturing organization (CMO) principally
     engaged in research, process development and manufacturing service contracting in Singapore, where he was
     primarily responsible for formulating and implementing the R&D activities and strategic development of the company.
     From July 2012 to December 2013, he served as a director of biotechnology at Luye Group, where he was primarily
     responsible for the strategic development and product planning of Luye Group’s R&D in biopharmaceutical drugs.
     Dr. DOU obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology from Peking University in the PRC in July 1984. He also obtained a
     master’s degree from the Institute of Neuroscience of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院神經科學研究所)
     (formerly known as Shanghai Brain Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院上海腦研究所))
     in the PRC in March 1988 and a doctor’s degree from the State University of New York at Stony Brook in the U.S. in
     December 1995.


28   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Dr. DOU is the inventor of 29 invention patents for innovative antibody drug candidates and ADC candidates
and production methods as well as CAR-T therapy, of which 17 of them have been successfully granted and the
remainder are under review. He has also co-authored a number of scientific publications in journals and the following
table is a summary of Dr. DOU’s selected publications as the corresponding author from 2021 to April 2024:

Article                                                                  Journal                                           Date

Identification of a highly conserved neutralizing epitope within         Nature Communications journal published           29 January 2024
   the RBD region of diverse SARS-CoV-2 variants 1                         by Nature Portfolio

Biparatopic antibody BA7208/7125 effectively neutralizes                 Cell Discovery journal published                  7 January 2023
   SARS-CoV-2 variants including Omicron BA.1-BA.52                        by Nature Portfolio

Two novel human antiCD25 antibodies with antitumor activity              Scientific Reports journal published              25 November 2021
  inversely related to their affinity and in vitro activity3                by Nature Portfolio

Structure and function analysis of a potent human neutralizing           Communications Biology journal published          23 April 2021
   antibody CA521FALA against SARS-CoV-24                                  by Nature Portfolio

Notes:

1.   Wang Y, Yan A, Song D, et al. Identification of a highly conserved neutralizing epitope within the RBD region of diverse SARS-CoV-2
     variants. Nat Commun. 15(1):842 (2024).

2.   Wang Y, Yan A, Song D,et al. Biparatopic antibody BA7208/7125 effectively neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 variants including Omicron BA.1-
     BA.5. Cell Discov. 9(1):3 (2023).

3.   Song, D., Liu, X., ong, C. et al. Two novel human anti-CD25 antibodies with antitumor activity inversely related to their affinity and invitro
     activity. Sci Rep 11.22986 (2021).

4.   Song, D., Wang, w., Dong, C. et al. Structure and function analysis of a potent human neutraizing antibody CA521F against SARS.
     CoV-2. Commun Biol 4,500 (2021).


Non-executive Directors

Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖) (“Mr. LIU”), aged 60, was appointed as our Director on 22 June 2020 and
re-designated as our non-executive Director on 25 March 2022. He joined our Group in December 2013 and is
responsible for providing strategic advice and recommendations on the operations and management of our Group.
Mr. LIU has over 35 years of experience in accounting and audit. Prior to joining our Group, from 1980 to 1983, he
worked at Shandong Laiyang Biochemical Pharmaceutical Factory (山東萊陽生物製藥廠). From September 1983
to September 1986, he served as a teacher at Yantai Business Vocational Secondary School (煙台商業中專), a
secondary school in the PRC. He also served as the head of accounting at Yantai Alternator Plant (煙台家電交電
總 公司). Since March 1997, he has served in various positions in Luye Group, with his latest position as the chief
financial officer of Luye Group, where he is primarily responsible for the overall financial management of Luye Group.
Since November 2010, he has served as a director of Beijing Peking University WBL Biotech Co., Ltd (北京 北大維信
生物科技有限公司), a joint-venture company set up by Luye Group and Peking University principally engaged in R&D,
production and sale of modern Chinese medicine, where he is primarily responsible for advising on the company’s
business and investment plans. Since February 2020, he has served as a director of Shandong Asj Biotechnology
Co., Ltd. (山東愛士津生物技術有限公司), a company principally engaged in manufacturing biological products in
the PRC, where he is primarily responsible for advising on the company’s business and investment plans. Mr. LIU
obtained an associate degree in commercial economics from Shandong Institute of Commerce and Technology (山東
商業職業技術學院) (formerly known as Shandong Vocational University of Commerce (山東省商 業職工大學)) in the
PRC in September 1989. He also obtained a postgraduate certificate in financial management from Peking University
in the PRC in October 2006. He obtained an accountant qualification issued by the Ministry of Human Resources and
Social Security of the PRC (formerly known as the Ministry of Personnel of the PRC) and the Ministry of Finance of the
PRC in November 1993.

ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                       29
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     Ms. LI Li (李莉) (“Ms. LI”), aged 49, was appointed as our Director on 22 June 2020 and re-designated as our
     non-executive Director on 25 March 2022. She is responsible for providing strategic advice and recommendations
     on the operations and management of our Group. Ms. LI has over 26 years of experience in the pharmaceutical
     industry. Prior to joining our Group, since July 1997, she has served in various positions in Luye Group, with her latest
     position as a vice president of Luye Group, where she takes full responsibility for sales and marketing management
     in China. Since February 2020, she has been serving as a director at Shandong Asj Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (山東愛
     士津生物技術有限公司), a company principally engaged in the production of biological products in the PRC, where
     she is primarily responsible for providing strategic development advice, selecting and overseeing the performance
     of directors and senior management. Since November 2020, she has been serving as a director at Guangzhou
     Patronus Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (廣州派諾生物技術有限公司), a scientific research company in the PRC, where
     she is primarily responsible for providing strategic development advice, selecting and overseeing the performance
     of directors and senior management. Ms. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Yantai University
     in the PRC in July 1997. She also completed a postgraduate course in applied psychology and human resources
     management and development at Institute of Psychology of Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院心理研究
     所) in the PRC in February 2009 and obtained a master’s degree in business administration from China Europe
     International Business School (中歐國際工商學院) in the PRC in August 2021.

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文) (“Professor SHI”), aged 60, was appointed as our independent Director on 23
     March 2021 and re-designated as our independent non-executive Director on 25 March 2022. He is responsible for
     supervising and providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group. Professor SHI has
     over 36 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining our Group, since July 1987, he has been
     working at the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Peking University (北京大學藥學院) with his latest position as
     a professor in pharmaceutical administration and clinical pharmacy. Since 2002, he has been serving as a director
     of the International Research Centre for Medical Administration of Peking University (北京大學醫藥管理國際研究中
     心). In November 2010, he was awarded the Xue Muqiao Price Research Award (薛暮橋價格研究獎) by the Price
     Association of China (中國價格協會). In June 2012, he was awarded the Scientific Chinese Person (2011) (科學中
     國人(2011)年度人物) by Scientific Chinese Magazine. In December 2018, he was awarded the Most Concerned
     Medical Reform Experts (2018年度最受關注醫改專家) by Health News (健康報). Professor SHI obtained a bachelor’s
     degree in chemistry from Peking University Health Science Centre (北京大學醫學部) (formerly known as Peking
     Medical University (北京醫科大學)) in the PRC in July 1987. He also obtained a master’s degree in health professions
     education from the University of Illinois in the U.S. in July 1992. He obtained an independent director qualification
     certificate from the Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”) in January 2016.




30   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




As at the date of this report, Professor SHI holds or held directorships in the following listed companies in the past
three years:

Name of listed company                                                   Term                  Position


Hospital Corporation of China Limited (弘和仁愛醫療集團有限公司),                    December 2016 to      Independent non-
  a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange                 present               executive director
  (stock code: 3869)

China Meheco Group Co., Ltd (中國醫藥健康產業股份有限公司),                            December 2015 to      Independent director
  a company listed on the SSE                                              December 2021
  (stock code: 600056)

Beijing Centergate Technologies (Holding) Co., Ltd. February 2022 to                           Independent director
  (北京中關村科技發展（控股）股份有限公司), a company listed on the      present
  Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock code: 000931)

Since June 2020, he has been serving as an independent non-executive director of Dragon Laboratory Instruments
Limited (大龍興創實驗儀器（北京）股份公司), a company principally engaged in manufacturing laboratory instruments
in the PRC, where he is primarily responsible for providing independent advice to the company.

Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄) (“Mr. DAI”), aged 65, was appointed as our independent Director on 23 March 2021
and re-designated as our independent non-executive Director on 25 March 2022. He is responsible for supervising
and providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group. Mr. DAI has over 32 years of
experience in accounting and audit. Prior to joining our Group, from January 1986 to October 2004, he served in
various positions such as deputy supervisor of the research office, associate professor and postgraduate tutor at
Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. From May 2006 to December 2013, he last served as the deputy
financial controller and general manager of the finance department at Donghao Lansheng (Group) Co., Ltd. (東浩
蘭生（集團）有限公司) (formerly known as Shanghai Lansheng (Group) Corporation (上海蘭生（集團）有限公司)),
a state-owned company mainly engaged in international trade in the PRC, where he was primarily responsible for
financial and accounting management. From December 2013 to June 2019, he served in various positions such as
deputy general manager and chief financial officer at Shanghai Minmetals Development Ltd (上海五金礦產發展有
限公司), a company principally engaged in import and export trade in the PRC, where he was primarily responsible
for formulating the Company’s accounting, audit, financial management and risk management and controls. Mr.
DAI obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (previously
known as Shanghai Institute of Finance and Economics) in the PRC in July 1983. He also obtained a master’s
degree in economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in the PRC in March 1986. He has been
a member of Shanghai Institute of Certified Public Accountants since December 2009. He obtained an independent
director qualification certificate from the SSE in October 2014. He has obtained a senior accountant (正高級會計師)
qualification issued by Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau (上海市人力資源和社會保
障局) since September 2017. He has been awarded as a Shanghai Outstanding Accountant (上海市先進會計工作者)
by Shanghai Municipal Finance Bureau (上海市財政局) in August 2009.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            31
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     As at the date of this report, Mr. DAI holds or held directorships in the following listed companies in the past three
     years:

     Name of listed Company                                                   Term                  Position


     Jinzhou Yongshan Lithium Co., Ltd (錦州永杉鋰業股份有限公司),                        February 2022 to      Independent director
        a company listed on the SSE                                             present
        (stock code: 603399)

     Shanghai Anlogic Infotech Co., Ltd (上海安路信息科技股份有限公司),                     December 2020 to      Independent director
       a company listed on the SSE                                              present
       (stock code: 688107)

     Bestechnic (shanghai) Co., Ltd (恒玄科技（上海）股份有限公司),                         October 2019 to       Independent director
       a company listed on the SSE                                              present
       (stock code: 688608)


     Dr. YU Jialin (余家林) (“Dr. YU”), aged 47, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 2
     December 2022. He is responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on operations and management
     of our Group. Dr. YU has over 19 years of experience in the finance industry. Prior to joining our Group, from July
     2004 to 2012, he held teaching positions at the Graduate School of Business at Columbia University in the U.S., with
     his last position being an associate professor in finance. From February 2015 to June 2015, he served as a visiting
     associate professor at Princeton University in the U.S. Since October 2012, he has served/been serving in various
     roles at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (“HKUST”). Since October 2012 and January 2019, he
     has been serving as an associate professor of Department of Finance and the academic director of the HKUST-NYU
     Stern Master of Science in Global Finance Program, respectively, at HKUST. From January 2017 to June 2018, he
     also served as the academic director of Master of Science in Investment Management/Financial Analysis Program.

     Dr. YU obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 1998. He also
     obtained a master’s degree in economics from University of Iowa in the U.S. in July 2000 and a doctor’s degree in
     economics from Princeton University in the U.S. in April 2005.




32   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




In October 2013, Dr. YU’s research article “The Chinese Warrants Bubble”1 was cited by the Scientific Background
of the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences compiled by the Economic Sciences Prize Committee of the Royal Swedish
Academy of Sciences. In November 2014, he was awarded the Best Paper Award for The 2014 International
Conference on Corporate Finance and Capital Market by the Academy of Financial Research of Zhejiang University.
In August 2014, he was awarded the honour in MBA teaching by HKUST. In May 2015, he was awarded the 1st
Sun Yefang Financial Innovation Paper Award by the Sun Yefang Fiscal Science Foundation. In 2016 and May 2022,
he was recognized as a finalist of HKUST Franklin Prize for Teaching Excellence and the Recognition of Excellent
Teaching Performance, respectively, by HKUST.

Note:

1.   Xiong, W., and J. Yu (2011), “The Chinese Warrants Bubble,” American Economic Review 101, 2723-2753.


SUPERVISORS

Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei (張曉玫) (“Ms. ZHANG”), aged 53, was appointed as our Supervisor and chairlady of our
supervisory committee on 23 March 2021. She is responsible for supervising the overall operation of the supervisory
committee, our Board, senior management and the financial management of our Group. Ms. ZHANG has over 29
years of experience in the accounting and audit industry. Prior to joining our Group, from April 1994 to June 2009,
she last served as the chief accountant of a subsidiary of Yantai Yuancheng Enterprise Co., Ltd (煙台園城企業股
份 有 限 公 司 ) (formerly known as Yantai Hualian Development Group ( 煙 台 華 聯 發 展 集 團 )), a company principally
engaged in the retail industry in the PRC and whose shares are listed on the SSE (stock code: 600766), where she
was primarily responsible for overseeing the Company’s auditing and financial management. Since July 2009, Ms.
ZHANG has served as a financial controller of Luye Investment Group Co., Ltd. (綠葉投資集團有限公司), where she
is primarily responsible for formulating and implementing the Company’s auditing and financial management. Ms.
ZHANG graduated with a bachelor’s qualification in accounting from Shandong University of Finance and Economics
(山東財經大學) (formerly known as Shandong Institute of Economics (山東經濟學院)) in July 2004. She obtained an
accountant (會計師) qualification issued by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC (中華人民共和國財政部) in May 1997,
chief financial officer certificate (財務總監證書) issued by China Enterprise Confederation (中國企業聯合會) in March
2006 and chief financial officer certificate (財務總監（CFO）崗位證書) from China Certification Centre of University of
Cambridge Vocational/Professional Qualification (劍橋大學職業╱專業資格中國認證中心) in September 2010. She
has also obtained the Certified Tax Planner (註冊高級納稅籌劃師) qualification issued by The Educational Specialist
Committee of China Science and Technology Institute Centre (中國科學技術協會教育專家委員會) in October 2012,
senior financial management technician of CIE professional leadership (CIE職業領導之財務管理高級技師) from the
Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部) in November
2013 and senior management accountant (管理會計師) qualification certified by Beijing National Accounting Institute
(北京國家會計學院) in August 2018.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                              SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   33
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     Ms. NING Xia (寧夏) (“Ms. NING”), aged 35, was appointed as our Supervisor on 23 March 2021 and
     re-appointed on 26 March 2024. Ms. NING joined our Group in October 2020 and is our human resources
     supervisor. She is responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board. Ms. NING has over
     13 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining our Group, from January 2011 to July 2011,
     she served as a manufacturing technologist of Shanghai Xinyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海信誼藥廠有限公司), a
     pharmaceutical company in the PRC, where she was primarily responsible for drug production and manufacturing.
     From October 2011 to February 2012, she served as a quality auditor at Nanjing Luye Sike Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
     (南京綠葉思科藥業有限公司), a company principally engaged in the R&D, production and sales of cancer drugs
     in the PRC, where she was primarily responsible for supervising and managing workshop production and quality
     control. From March 2012 to July 2018, she last served as a human resources business partner (HBRP) manager of
     Nanjing Sanhome Pharmaceutical Limited Company (南京聖和藥業股份有限公司), a pharmaceutical company in the
     PRC. From August 2018 to June 2019, she served in the human resources department of Realcan Pharmaceutical
     Co., Ltd. (瑞康醫藥股份有限公司), a company principally engaged in wholesale and distribution of pharmaceutical
     products in the PRC. From July 2019 to September 2020, she served as a human resources business partner at
     Yantai Rongchang Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. (煙台榮昌製藥股份有限公司), a company principally engaged in the R&D,
     manufacturing and sales of small molecule and biological drugs in the PRC, where she was primarily responsible for
     management of human resources in the sales department. Ms. NING obtained a bachelor’s degree in pharmacy from
     Shenyang Pharmaceutical University (瀋陽藥科大學) in the PRC in July 2010. She obtained an assistant engineer (助
     理工程師) certification issued by Nanjing Leader Group Office for Professional Qualifications (南京市職稱（職業資格）
     工作領導小組辦公室) in July 2012 and Level 3 Enterprise Human Resource Manager (企業人力資源管理師（三級）)
     by the Occupational Skills Testing Authority of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of PRC (人社部
     職業技能鑒定中心) in June 2014.

     Ms. LIU Xiangjie (劉祥杰) (“Ms. LIU”), aged 51, was appointed as our Supervisor on 23 March 2021. She is
     responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board. Ms. LIU has over 29 years of experience
     in the finance and accounting industry. Prior to joining our Group, since August 1994, she served in various positions
     in Luye Group with her latest position as the financial director of Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (山東綠
     葉製藥有限公司) (“Shandong Luye”), where she is primarily responsible for overseeing and supervising the financial
     management of the Company. Ms. LIU obtained a vocational secondary school degree in industrial enterprise
     management from Yantai Industrial School (山東省煙台工業學校) in the PRC in July 1994. She also graduated
     from Shandong Cadres Correspondence University (山東幹部函授大學) in the PRC with a junior college diploma
     in finance and accounting in June 1997. She has obtained an Intermediate Accountant (中級會計師) certification
     issued by the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Shandong Province (山東省人力資源和社會保
     障廳) since December 2015 and a certified management accountant (註冊管理會計師) certification by the Institute
     of Management Accountants since July 2018. She has also obtained an International Certified Public Accountants
     qualification certified by American Association of Chartered Accountants since September 2020 and a Senior
     Management Accountant (高級管理會計師) qualification certified by Beijing National Accounting Institute (北京國家會
     計學院) since October 2020.




34   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Our senior management comprises executive Directors and the following persons:

Mr. WANG Shenghan (王盛翰) (formerly known as Wang Dongdong (王冬冬)) (“Mr. WANG”), aged 44, joined
our Group in September 2020 as the chief financial officer of our Company. He is responsible for overseeing, advising
and implementing comprehensive financial and strategies of our Group. He joined Luye Group in December 2009.
From December 2009 to August 2020, he served as the assistant to the president and later the director of investment
and business development of Luye Pharma, where he was responsible for securities affairs, investment and capital
operations. Mr. WANG has over 22 years of experience in accounting and corporate finance. Prior to joining our
Group, from July 2001 to May 2004, he served as an audit manager at Tianyuanquan Accounting Firm (Special
General Partnership) (天圓全會計事務所（特殊普通合伙）) (formerly known as Beijing Tianyuanquan Accounting Firm
(Special General Partnership) (北京天園全會計事務所（特殊普通合伙）), whose predecessor is Shandong Qianju
Accounting Firm (山東乾聚會計師事務所), an accounting firm in the PRC. From June 2004 to July 2008, he last
served as a deputy general accountant at Yantai Yuancheng Enterprise Co., Ltd (煙台園城企業股份有限公司), a
company principally engaged in the retail industry in the PRC and whose shares are listed on the SSE (stock code:
600766), where he was primarily responsible for managing the annual accounting and auditing of the Company.
From October 2008 to November 2009, he served as the financial controller and secretary of the board at Qingdao
Tianren Huanjing Co., Ltd (青島天人環境股份有限公司), a company mainly engaged in biomass energy development,
environmental protection and new energy projects in the PRC, where he was primarily responsible for the listing
application, investment and capital operations. Since November 2016, he has been serving as a director of Shandong
Luye Natural Medicine R&D Co., Ltd. (山東綠葉天然藥物研究開發有限公司), a company principally engaged in the
R&D in natural medicine in the PRC. Since January 2021, he has been serving as a director of Yantai Luye Hospital
Management Co., Ltd. (煙台綠葉醫院管理有限公司), a company principally engaged in biomedicine healthcare,
marine biology and bio-agriculture investments in the PRC, where he is primarily responsible for providing strategic
development, finance and investment advice. Mr. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree of economics in finance from
Shandong University of Finance and Economics (山東財經大學) (formerly known as Shandong Institute of Economics
(山東經濟學院)) in the PRC in July 2001. He also obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Ocean
University of China (中國海洋大學) in the PRC in January 2010. He obtained a certified public accountant qualification
issued by Shandong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (山東省註冊會計師協會) in the PRC in January 2008.

Mr. CHI Guangming (池廣明) (“Mr. CHI”), aged 59, joined our Group as the vice president of the business
operations centre of our Company in April 2021. He is responsible for formulating sales strategies and the operational
management for marketing of our Group. He has over 33 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior
to joining our Group, from September 1990 to March 1997, Mr. CHI served as an attending physician in internal
medicine at Taipusi Hospital (太僕寺旗醫院), a hospital in Inner Mongolia in the PRC. From April 1997 to December
2007, he last served as a regional manager at Shandong Luye, where he was primarily responsible for managing the
sales and marketing in northern China. From January 2008 to March 2021, he served as a sales director of Nanjing
Luye, where he was primarily responsible for supervising and managing the sales of Nanjing Luye. Mr. CHI obtained
a bachelor’s degree in medicine from College of Traditional Mongolian Medicine of Inner Mongolia Minzu University
(內蒙古民族大學蒙醫藥學院) (formerly known as Inner Mongolia College of Traditional Mongolian Medicine (內蒙古
蒙醫學院)) in the PRC in July 1990. He also graduated from an executive master’s degree in business administration
program from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) in the PRC in January 2003. He was qualified as an
associate chief physician (副主任醫師) specializing in internal medicine by the Human Resources and Social Security
Department of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region (內蒙古自治區人力資源和社會保障廳) (formerly known as
Personnel Department of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region (內蒙古自治區人事廳)) in July 2007.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            35
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     Mr. LU Jun (盧軍) (“Mr. LU”), aged 58, joined our Group in March 2015 and was appointed as our senior vice
     president and head of biotechnology engineering centre and quality department in January 2021. He is responsible for
     overseeing and managing the operations of our Company’s biotechnology engineering centre and quality department.
     He has over 22 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. LU served as a
     supervisor of the process science department at Eli Lilly and Company for over five years, a company principally
     engaged in drug manufacturing in the U.S., where he was primarily responsible for the R&D and industrial purification
     processes for several marketed drugs. From March 2004 to June 2006, he served as a senior process engineer
     at Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc., a company principally engaged in R&D and commercializing biopharmaceutical
     products, where he was primarily responsible for managing the R&D for industrial design and commercialization
     production processes for new drugs. From July 2006 to March 2013, he served as a senior manager of process
     development at Ipsen Bioscience, Inc. (formerly known as Biomeasure Inc.), a company principally engaged in R&D of
     engineered peptides and proteins for human therapeutic in the U.S., where he was primarily responsible for managing
     the process characterization and validation, GMP commercial production support and BLA for a new autonomous
     bioengineered drug. From April 2013 to March 2015, he served as an associate director at Momenta Pharmaceutical
     Inc. in the U.S., a company principally engaged in discovering and developing novel therapies for immune-mediated
     diseases. Mr. LU obtained a bachelor’s degree in cell biology and genetics from Peking University in the PRC in
     July 1988. He further obtained a master’s degree in biochemistry and molecular biology from University of Southern
     California in the U.S. in December 1997 and a master’s degree in business administration from University of Chicago
     in the U.S. in June 2003.

     Mr. SONG Deyong (宋德勇) (“Mr. SONG”), aged 41, joined our Group in December 2015 and was appointed as
     our senior head of biologics discovery department in January 2022. He is responsible for managing our Company’s
     biopharmaceutical target research, projects selection, biopharmaceutical molecules discovery and lead molecules
     confirmation. He has over 14 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining our Group, from
     April 2009 to December 2009, Mr. SONG served as a research staff at Beijing ABT Gene Engineering Technology
     Co., Ltd (北京安波特基因工程技術有限公司), a company principally engaged in the R&D of genetic engineering
     antibody drugs and technical services in the PRC, where he was primarily responsible for R&D of genetic engineering
     antibody drugs and providing genetic engineering technical services. From December 2009 to November 2015, he
     last served as a supervisor at Sinocelltech Group Limited (北京神州細胞生物技術集團股份公司) (formerly known as
     Beijing Sino Biotechnology Co., Ltd (北京義翹神州生物技術有限公司)), a company principally engaged in developing
     and manufacturing recombinant proteins, monoclonal antibodies, and vaccines in the PRC, where he was primarily
     responsible for optimizing antibody discovery technologies, screening mouse and rabbit monoclonal antibodies and
     conducting biological evaluation of monoclonal antibodies. Mr. SONG obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology and
     a master’s degree in microbiology from Shandong University (山東大學) in the PRC in July 2005 and June 2008,
     respectively.




36   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.

CORPORATE INFORMATION

The Company was established in the PRC on 30 December 2013 and was converted into a joint stock company with
limited liability under the PRC Company Law with effect from 29 March 2021. The Company’s H shares have been
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since 30 December 2022.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activities of the Company is to develop, manufacture and commercialise high quality biologics across
various therapeutic areas in the PRC and overseas. Details of the principal activities of the Company’s subsidiaries
are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements of this report.

BUSINESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE

A fair review of the Group’s business during the year ended 31 December 2023, including an analysis where key
financial performance indicators are used, and the outlook of the Group’s business, are provided in the section
headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report, where discussion therein forms part of this “Report of
Directors”.

RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 75 of this report.

DIVIDEND POLICY AND FINAL DIVIDEND

No dividends were declared for the year ended 31 December 2023.

It is the policy of the Board, in considering payment of dividends, to allow Shareholders to share the Company’s
profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for the Group’s future growth.

The Board shall consider the following factors before declaring or recommending dividends:

•   the Company’s earnings and financial position;

•   the Group’s working capital, operating and capital expenditure requirements, and future expansion plans;

•   the Group’s liquidity;

•   general economic condition, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or external factors that
    may affect the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

•   other factors that the Board considers relevant.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         37
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     The payment of dividends is also subject to applicable laws and regulations including the laws and regulations of
     the PRC and the Articles of Association. The Board will review the dividend policy on a regular basis and there is no
     assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the Group’s results, assets, liabilities for the last four financial years are set out on page 6 of this report.
     This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

     RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO THE GROUP’S BUSINESS

     The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected by a number of
     risks and uncertainties directly or indirectly pertaining to the Group’s businesses. The following are the key risks and
     uncertainties identified by the Group. There may be other risks and uncertainties in addition to the below which are
     not known to the Group or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.

     Market Risk

     Market risk is the risk that deteriorates the Group’s profitability or affects its ability to meet business objectives arising
     from the movement in market prices. The management of the Group manages and monitors these exposures to
     ensure appropriate measures are implemented in a timely and effective manner.

     Operational Risk

     Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from
     external events. Responsibility for managing operational risks rests with every function at divisional and departmental
     levels. Key functions in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of authority and reporting
     framework. Our management will identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so that appropriate
     response to risk can be taken.

     Investment Risk

     Investment risk is the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any particular investment.
     Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different investments, thus risk
     assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation system has been set up
     and detailed analysis will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on the progress of the Group’s
     investments would be submitted to the Board.




38   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Manpower and Retention Risk

The Group may face the risk of not being able to attract and retain key personnel and talents with appropriate and
required skills, experience and competence which could meet the business objectives of the Group. The Group will
provide attractive remuneration package to suitable candidates and personnel.

Financial Risk

The Group also faces financial risks relating to interest rate, foreign currency, credit, and liquidity. Details of these
financial risks are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

In light of the above risks which are relevant to and may potentially affect the Group’s business, the Group has certain
risk management procedures with a view to minimise the risks and to manage, but not eliminate, the risk of failure to
fulfil the Group’s business objectives. Please refer to the section headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” in
the Corporate Governance Report for policies concerning the Group’s risk management system.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

Our Group is committed to achieving environmental sustainability. Our commitment to protect the environment is well
reflected by our continuous efforts in promoting green measures and awareness in our daily business operations. Our
Group’s business is subject to national, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations of the PRC. During
the year ended 31 December 2023, so far as our Directors are aware, there were no material breaches of applicable
environmental laws and regulations of the PRC that have a significant adverse impact on the business and operations
of our Group.

Our Group also encourages environmental protection and promotes awareness of the same to the employees.
Our Group adheres to the principle of recycling and reducing. It implements green office practices such as double-
sided printing and copying, setting up recycling bins, promoting the use of recycled paper, and reducing energy
consumption by switching off idle lightings and electrical appliances.

Our Group endeavours to comply with the relevant laws and regulations regarding environmental protection and
adopts effective measures to achieve efficient use of resources, waste reduction and energy saving. Our Group will
review its environmental practices from time to time and will consider implementing further eco-friendly measures
and practices in the operation of our Group’s businesses to move towards adhering to the 3Rs – reduce, recycle and
reuse, and enhance environmental sustainability.

In accordance with paragraph 4(1) of Appendix C2 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s Environmental, Social and
Governance Report (“ESG Report”) will be available on its website at the same time as the publication of this report.

The 2023 ESG Report, in electronic form only, is published on the website of the Company at www.boan-bio.com
under the section “Investors” and the website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             39
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     Being people-oriented, our Group ensures all staffs are reasonably remunerated and our Group also continue to
     improve and regularly review and update its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health and
     safety.

     Our Group maintains a good relationship with its customers. A customer complaint handling mechanism is in place
     to receive, analyse and study complaints and make recommendations on remedies with the aim of improving service
     quality.

     Our Group is in good relationship with its suppliers and conducts a fair and strict appraisal of its suppliers on an
     annual basis.

     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     Sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately 74.7% of the total sales for the year ended
     31 December 2023 and sales to the largest customer included therein amounted to 30.5% of the total sales for the
     year ended 31 December 2023.

     None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the
     Directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interest in the Group’s five largest
     customers and suppliers.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the percentage of purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest
     suppliers did not exceed 30%.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023
     are set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in
     note 26 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVE

     As at 31 December 2023, the Company did not have any distributable reserve. Details of movements in the reserves
     of the Group during the year are set out on pages 78 to 79 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of this
     report and in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

     Particulars of bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out in note 22 to the consolidated financial
     statements in this report.




40   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




DONATION

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company did not make any charitable donations (For the year ended 31
December 2022: RMB2.3 million).

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING

The Company completed the global offering of its H Shares on 30 December 2022. The net proceeds from the
Global Offering amounted to approximately RMB152.8 million after deducting listing expenses paid or payable as of
31 December 2022. As of 31 December 2023, the usage of the proceeds from the Global Offering was as follows:

                                         Approximate
                                     allocation of net
                                         proceeds as
                                           previously
                                     disclosed in the       Approximate      Approximate              Approximate
                                        prospectus of          amount of      utilisation of         amount of net
                                        the Company         net proceeds proceeds during                  proceeds
                                                dated     unutilized as at the year ended           unutilised as at
                                        19 December        31 December       31 December              31 December
 Use of proceeds                                 2022                2022              2023                    2023
                                         (HKD million)       (HKD million)    (HKD million)            (HKD million)


 Research and development of
   the Group’s Core Products                     91.0                 91.0                   91.0                 0
 Research and development of
   other products in the Group’s
   pipeline                                      48.0                 48.0                   48.0                 0
 Commercialization purposes                       9.3                  9.3                    9.3                 0
 Working capital and other general
   corporate purposes                              4.5                 4.5                    4.5                 0


 Total                                          152.8                152.8                  152.8                 0


The Company has fully utilised all of the net proceeds from the Global Offering as at 31 December 2023.

FUND RAISING ACTIVITIES

The Group did not conduct any equity fund-raising activities during the Reporting Period.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          41
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     DIRECTORS

     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report were:

     Executive Directors:

     Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady of our Board)
     Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林) (President of R&D and Chief Operating Officer)

     Non-executive Directors:

     Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)
     Ms. LI Li (李莉)
     Dr. LI Youxin (李又欣) (Passed away on 12 February 2023)
     Mr. CHEN Jie (陳杰) (Resigned on 12 December 2023)

     Independent Non-executive Directors:

     Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)
     Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)
     Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Biographies of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Group are set out on page 28 to 36 of this
     report.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
     DIRECTORS

     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all of the independent non-executive Directors
     to be independent in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     Each of the executive Directors, namely Ms. JIANG Hua and Dr. DOU Changlin, has entered into a service contract
     with the Company commencing from 25 March 2022 until the end of the first session of the Board, and may be
     terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the service contracts.

     Each of the non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LIU Yuanchong and Ms. LI Li, has entered into an appointment
     letter with the Company commencing from 25 March 2022 until the end of the first session of the Board, and may be
     terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment letters.

     Each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely Professor SHI Luwen and Mr. DAI Jixiong, has entered
     into an appointment letter with the Company commencing from 25 March 2022 until the end of the first session of
     the Board, and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment letters. Dr. YU Jialin,
     an independent non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment letter with the Company commencing
     from 2 December 2022 until the end of the first session of the Board, and may be terminated in accordance with the
     respective terms of the appointment letter.



42   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




The term of the first session of the Board has expired in March 2024, and each Director shall continue to perform
his/her duties as Director in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the Articles of Association until
the conclusion of the annual general meeting to be held on 31 May 2024 (the “AGM”). The Board proposed each of
Ms. JIANG Hua, Dr. DOU Changlin, Mr. LIU Yuanchong, Ms. LI Li, Professor SHI Luwen, Mr. DAI Jixiong and Dr. YU
Jialian to be re-elected at the AGM. The term of office of candidates for executive Directors, non-executive Directors
and independent non-executive Directors will take effect from the date of approval at the AGM and will end upon the
expiry of the term of service of the second session of the Board (or the term of office shall expire at the conclusion of
the forthcoming general meeting at which a new session of the Board will be elected).

Each of the shareholder representative Supervisors, namely Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei and Ms. LIU Xiangjie, has entered
into a service contract with the Company commencing from 25 March 2022 until the end of the first session of the
Board of Supervisors, and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the service contracts.

The employee representative Supervisor, namely Ms. NING Xia, has entered into a service contract with the Company
commencing from 26 March 2024 until the end of the second session of the Board of Supervisors, and may be
terminated in accordance with the terms of the service contract.

The term of the first session of the Board of Supervisors has expired in March 2024, and the Board of Supervisors
proposes that the second session of the Board of Supervisors be comprised of three Supervisors, including two
shareholder representative Supervisors elected by Shareholders and one employee representative Supervisor elected
at the employee representative meeting of the Company. The Board of Supervisors proposed the re-election at the
AGM of Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei and Ms. LIU Xiangjie, being the current shareholder representative Supervisors, as
the shareholder representative Supervisors of the second session of the Board of Supervisors. The term of office of
Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei and Ms. LIU Xiangjie will take effect from the date of approval at the AGM and will end in three
years. In addition, Ms. NING Xia, the employee representative Supervisor of the current term, has been re-elected
as the employee representative Supervisor of the second session of the Board of Supervisors at the employee
representative meeting of the Company held separately by the employees of the Company on 26 March 2024. Ms.
NING Xia, together with the shareholder representative Supervisors to be elected at the AGM, will constitute the
second session of the Board of Supervisors.

None of the Directors and Supervisors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS

As at 31 December 2023 or at any time during the year, other than those transactions disclosed in note 31 to the
consolidated financial statements in this report, (a) no transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in
relation to the Group’s business to which the Company, Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent
companies was a party and in which a Director and/or Supervisor or his or her connected entity had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted; and (b) there is no contract of significance (i) between the Company
or its subsidiaries and the Company’s controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries; and (ii) for the provision of services to
the Company or any of its subsidiaries by the Company’s controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2023.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              43
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     Save as disclosed in this report, no equity-linked agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares nor
     require the Company to enter into an agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares was entered
     into by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 or subsisted at the end of the year.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY

     The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to motivate and retain talented employees so as to achieve the
     Group’s long term corporate goals and objectives. The Group’s employee remuneration policy is determined by
     considering factors such as remuneration in respect of the overall remuneration standard in the industry and the
     employee’s performance. The management reviews the Group’s employee remuneration policy and arrangements
     on a regular basis. In addition, social insurance contributions are made by the Group for its PRC employees in
     accordance with the relevant PRC regulations. For employee retirement benefits, please refer to note 2.4 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this report. A remuneration committee of the Board was set up for reviewing the
     Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group,
     having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance of the Directors and senior management, and
     comparable market practices. Our Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the
     countries in which it operates. The Company’s subsidiaries established and operating in mainland China are required
     to participate in central pension schemes operated by the local municipal government and the central government,
     respectively.

     REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH
     HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

     Details of the emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out
     in notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements in this report.

     SHARE SCHEME

     During the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report, the Group has not adopted any share
     scheme as defined under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

     CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

     Dr. LI Youxin, a non-executive Director, passed away on 12 February 2023.

     Mr. CHEN Jie has resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 12 December 2023 due to his pursuit of
     other personal affairs.

     Save as disclosed above and in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report,
     there was no change to any of the information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director and Supervisors
     pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2023.




44   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the
Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) required to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which
they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO), or which would be required, pursuant
to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which would be required to be notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”), are as follows:

(i) Interest in the Company

                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage
                                                                                                                             holding in
                                                                            Class of                 Number of         the total issued
 Name                   Nature of Interest                                  Shares                     Shares            share capital

 JIANG Hua              Interest in a controlled corporation1, 2, 3         H Shares              9,000,000 (L)                    1.77%
 DOU Changlin           Interest in a controlled corporation1, 2, 3         H Shares              6,800,000 (L)                    1.34%
 LIU Yuanchong          Interest in a controlled corporation1, 2, 3         H Shares              4,000,000 (L)                    0.79%
 LI Li                  Interest in a controlled corporation1, 2, 3         H Shares             47,638,668 (L)                    9.35%

Remark:   The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

Notes:

1.   Yantai Bolian Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博聯投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bolian”) held 21,415,548 Shares. Ms.
     LI is the general partner of Yantai Bolian and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bolian. Pursuant to the
     partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bolian held 4,720,000 and 6,800,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG, Dr. DOU and
     Dr. LI Youxin, respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bolian.

2.   Yantai Bofa Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博發投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bofa”) held 11,268,488 Shares. Ms.
     LI is the general partner of Yantai Bofa and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bofa. Pursuant to the
     partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bofa held 1,800,000 and 1,000,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG and Mr. LIU,
     respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bofa.

3.   Yantai Bosheng Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博晟投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bosheng”) holds 14,954,632 Shares.
     Ms. LI is the general partner of Yantai Bosheng and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bosheng.
     Pursuant to the partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bosheng held 2,480,000 and 3,000,000 Shares on behalf of Ms.
     JIANG and Mr. LIU, respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bosheng.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of our Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the
Company has any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) recorded in the register required to
be kept under section 352 of the SFO, or (ii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, no rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in
or debentures of the Company were granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years
of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company and any of its subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such
rights in any other body corporate for the year ended 31 December 2023.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                    45
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
     AND UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at 31 December 2023, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) had, or deemed to have or taken to have an interest and/or short
     position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Division 2 and 3 of
     Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                                               percentage of
                                                                                                                             shareholding in
      Name of                                                                    Class of                 Number of          the total issued
      Shareholder                           Nature of Interest                   Shares                     Shares              share capital


      Shandong Luye                 Beneficial owner1                            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
      Yantai Luye Pharmaceutical    Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        Holdings Co., Ltd. (煙台綠葉       corporation1
        醫藥控股（集團）有限公司)
        (“Yantai Luye”)
      Luye Pharma Hong Kong         Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        Limited (“Luye HK”)            corporation1
      AsiaPharm Investments Ltd.    Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        (“AsiaPharm”)                  corporation1
      Luye Pharma                   Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
                                       corporation1
      LuYe Pharmaceutical           Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        Investment Co., Ltd.           corporation2
        (“LuYe Investment”)
      LuYe Pharmaceutical           Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        International Co., Ltd.        corporation2
        (“LuYe International”)
      Luye Pharma Holdings          Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        Limited (“Luye Holdings”)      corporation2
      Luye Life Sciences Group      Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        Ltd. (“Luye Life Sciences”)    corporation2
      Nelumbo Investments           Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        Limited (“Nelumbo”)            corporation2
      Ginkgo (PTC) Limited          Trustee2                                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
        (“Ginkgo”)
      Shorea LBG (“Shorea”)         Interest in a controlled                     H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
                                       corporation2
      Mr. LIU Dian Bo               Founder of a discretionary                   H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                 70.81%
                                       trust2

     Remark:   The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.




46   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Notes:

1.   Shandong Luye is wholly owned by Yantai Luye, which in turn is wholly owned by Luye HK. Luye HK is in turn wholly owned by AsiaPharm
     and AsiaPharm is wholly owned by Luye Pharma. Accordingly, each of Luye Pharma, AsiaPharm, Luye HK and Yantai Luye is deemed
     under the SFO to be interested in the Shares held by Shandong Luye.

2.   Luye Pharma is beneficially owned as to approximately 33.42% by LuYe Investment. LuYe Investment is indirectly wholly-owned by
     Luye Life Sciences, through LuYe International and Luye Holdings. Luye Life Sciences is owned as to 70% by Nelumbo. The entire issued
     share capital of Nelumbo is held by Ginkgo as trustee of the family trust of Mr. LIU. Ginkgo is wholly-owned by Shorea whose sole
     shareholder is Mr. LIU. Mr. LIU is a director of Luye Pharma. For the avoidance of doubt, LuYe Investment, LuYe International, Luye
     Holdings, Luye Life Sciences, Nelumbo, Ginkgo, Shorea and Mr. LIU are not substantial shareholders of the Company.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Directors are not aware of any person who had interests or
short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be
kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

There was no purchase, sale and redemption of any listed securities of the Company by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2023.

TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any taxation relief available to shareholders of the Company by reason of their holding
of the Shares.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association, which would oblige the Company to
offer new shares of the Company on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

For the year ended 31 December 2023, no permitted indemnity provision (whether made by the Company or
otherwise) was made which was or is in force for the benefit of the Directors of the Company or any directors of the
associated companies of the Company (if made by the Company).

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors.

DIRECTOR’S AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER’S INTEREST IN COMPETING
BUSINESS

None of the Directors held any interests in any business that compete directly against the Company or any of its
jointly controlled entities and subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2023.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                                  SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                    47
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     CONNECTED TRANSACTION

     A summary of the related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023 is
     contained in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. None of the transactions summarised in
     such note constitute a non-exempt “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” under Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules.

     MATERIAL EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD

     After 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report, save as disclosed in the section headed “Management
     Discussion and Analysis — Subsequent Events after the Reporting Period” and to the best of the Directors’
     knowledge, there was no event that had affected the Group significantly.

     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) has reviewed together with the management the accounting principles
     and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
     December 2023.

     CODE OF CONDUCT REGARDING DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SECURITIES
     TRANSACTIONS

     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by directors and supervisors which
     are no less stringent than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Issuers, Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and Supervisors
     and they have all confirmed compliance with the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate governance practices. Information on
     the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report at page
     53 to 69 of this annual report.

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF SHAREHOLDERS

     The AGM will be held on Friday, 31 May 2024. For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the
     register of shareholders of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 28 May 2024 to Friday, 31 May 2024, both
     days inclusive, during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend
     and vote at the AGM, all transfer of shares of the Company, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be
     lodged with the Company’s H Shares share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
     1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later
     than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 27 May 2024.




48   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver from strict compliance with the public float requirements
under Rule 8.08(1)(a) of the Listing Rules. Under the conditions of such waiver as described in the Prospectus, the
minimum public float of the Company should be at the highest of (a) 18.14% of the Company’s total issued share
capital; (b) such percentage of Shares held by the public immediately after the completion of the Global Offering
(assuming that the over-allotment option is not exercised); and (c) such percentage of Shares held by the public after
the exercise of the over-allotment option, provided that the highest of (a), (b) and (c) above is below the minimum
public float requirement of 25% under Rule 8.08(1)(a) of the Listing Rules. Based on the information that is publicly
available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, there was a sufficient public float of the issued
shares of the Company as described above as at the date of this report.

AUDITOR

Ernst & Young has been appointed as the auditor of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Ernst & Young shall retire at the AGM and, if eligible, will offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-
appointment of Ernst & Young as independent auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM. There was no
change in the auditor of the Company in the preceding three years.




On behalf of the Board
JIANG Hua
Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady

Yantai, Shandong, The People’s Republic of China, 25 March 2024




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              49
     WORK REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR 2023



     In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law, the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for the
     Board of Supervisors and other relevant laws and regulations, all members of the Board of Supervisors of Shandong
     Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) prudently and carefully performed its
     duties and functions for the benefit of all Shareholders, protected the interests of the Shareholders of the Company,
     independently exercised its powers according to the laws and regulations, and proactively conducted its work in
     2023 to regulate the operation of the Company and protect the interests of the Company and investors. In 2023,
     the Board of Supervisors conducted supervision and inspections on the production and operation, related party
     transactions, decision-making procedures, financial conditions and internal management system of the Company
     to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and Shareholders. The report on the main work of the
     Board of Supervisors in 2023 are as follows:

     I. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS

         In 2023, the Board of Supervisors of the Company held two meetings in compliance with laws and regulations
         and the Articles of Association in relation to the procedures for convening and holding meetings, the qualifications
         of attendees, voting procedures, voting results and resolutions, where the financial conditions of the Company
         and other matters were considered and reviewed.

         1.   On 18 April 2023, the Company held the fourth meeting of the first session of the Board of Supervisors. 3
              supervisors were eligible for attending the meeting and 3 supervisors attended the meeting in person.

              The Proposal on the Work Report of the Board of Supervisors for 2022, the Proposal on the Related
              Party Transactions of the Company, the Proposal on the Annual Auditor’s Report, the Proposal on the
              Amendments to the Articles of Association, the Proposal on the Final Dividends, the Proposal on the Internal
              Control Report for 2022 and other proposals were considered and approved at the meeting.

         2.   On 27 August 2023, the Company held the fifth meeting of the fourth session of the Board of Supervisors. 3
              supervisors were eligible for attending the meeting and 3 supervisors attended the meeting in person.

              The Proposal on the Announcement and Report of the 2023 Interim Results, the Proposal on the Interim
              Dividends and other proposals were considered and approved at the meeting.




50   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
WORK REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR 2023




II. SUPERVISION OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OVER RELEVANT MATTERS OF
    THE COMPANY IN 2023

   In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Laws and regulations, the Articles of
   Association and other relevant regulations, the Board of Supervisors of the Company carefully performed its
   duties and functions for the benefit of Shareholders in 2023, and conducted supervision and inspections on
   financial conditions, internal control construction, related party transactions and other important matters of the
   Company.

   (I) Legal Operation of the Company

       The members of the Board of Supervisors of the Company carefully performed their responsibilities and
       fulfill their duties, and conducted supervision over the decision-making procedures and internal control
       systems according to the law as well as the performance of duties and powers by the Board of Directors
       and the implementation of decision-making procedures by way of attending the meetings of the Board of
       Directors. The Board of Supervisors believes that the Company carried out the standardized operation in
       strict accordance with the requirements of the Company Law, the Articles of Association and other relevant
       PRC laws and regulations, the decision-making procedures of the Company were legal and valid, the Board
       of Directors operated in a standardized manner and made decisions in a rational manner, and the Board of
       Directors and management can exercise their duties and powers according to the rules and regulations of
       the Company. The Company attached great importance to the construction of systems, and established
       and improved the internal control and management system to promote the standardized operation and
       management of the Company.

   (II) Financial Conditions of the Company

       The Board of Supervisors of the Company carefully reviewed the annual financial report issued by the
       accounting firm engaged by the Company. The Board of Supervisors believes that the Company has
       established a relatively sound financial system, constantly improved its systems and ensured the basically
       standardized financial operation, and that the regular financial reports of the Company can faithfully,
       accurately and fairly reflect the financial conditions of the Company and were in line with the requirements of
       the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the Accounting System for Business Enterprises.

   (III) Related Party Transactions of the Company

       The Board of Supervisors of the Company reviewed the ordinary related party transactions of the Company
       in 2023 according to the requirements of the Articles of Association, the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong
       Stock Exchange (hereinafter referred to as the “Listing Rules”) and other relevant laws and regulations. The
       Board of Supervisors believes that the matters relating to related party transactions of the Company in 2023
       met the business development needs of the Company, the terms of such transactions were at arm’s length
       and reasonable and in line with the interests of the Shareholders of the Company as a whole. The connected
       transactions of the Company in 2023 were in compliance with or fully exempted from the requirements of the
       Listing Rules, and relevant matters were not subject to the requirements relating to reports, announcements,
       circulars and approvals at general meetings.

   (IV) Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on Internal Control Self-Assessment Report

       In strict accordance with the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of Corporate Governance for
       Listed Companies and other laws and regulations as well as the relevant requirements of the Shanghai Stock
       Exchange, the Company regulated its operations and constantly improved its corporate governance rules
       to effectively enhance its business management and risk resistance capabilities. The Board of Supervisors
       reviewed the internal control assessment report and the establishment and implementation of internal
       management system of the Company.

ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             51
     WORK REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR 2023




     III. HIGHLIGHTS OF THE WORK OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS IN 2024
        In 2024, all members of the Board of Supervisors will continue to strictly implement the relevant requirements of
        the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Listing Rules and the Articles of Association, faithfully and diligently
        perform their duties and responsibilities, and strengthen the supervision over major decisions, financial conditions
        and related party transactions of the Company according to the laws and regulations. Meanwhile, in order to
        promote the performance of supervisory functions, the Board of Supervisors will attend the general meetings and
        be present at meetings of the Board of Directors according to the laws and regulations, so as to keep informed
        of major decisions of the Company and the legality of decision-making procedures in a timely manner, procure
        the Company to further improve the quality of information disclosure, enhance the effective supervision of the
        Board of Supervisors over the standardized operation of the Company, effectively protect the legitimate rights
        and interests of all investors, and promote the sustainable and steady development of the Company.




     The Board of Supervisors of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
     ZHANG Xiaomei
     Chairlady
     Yantai, Shandong, The People’s Republic of China
     18 April 2024




52   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND VALUES

A healthy corporate culture across the Group is integral to attaining its vision and strategy. It is the Board’s role to
foster a corporate culture with the following core principles and to ensure that the Company’s vision, values and
business strategies are aligned to it.

1. Core values

    Integrity, cooperation, innovation and excellence are core values of the Group. Integrity lays the foundation of
    the Company, cooperation guarantees the victory of the team, innovation drives the Group’s development, and
    excellence is the Group’s ultimate pursuit. The Group strives to maintain high standards of business ethics and
    corporate governance across all of our activities and operations. The Directors, management and staff are all
    required to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly, and the required standards and norms are explicitly set out
    in the training materials for all new staff and embedded in various policies of the Group such as the Group’s
    employee handbook, the anti-corruption policy and the whistleblowing policy of the Group. Trainings are
    conducted from time to time to reinforce the required standards in respect of core values.

2. Business Philosophy

    The Group believes that customer orientation helps the Group to grasp market opportunities, efficient operation
    enables the Group to stay ahead of the competition, and achievement of employees promotes a long-lasting
    business. These are fundamentals for a strong and productive workforce that attracts, develops, and retains
    the best talent and produce the highest quality of work. Moreover, the business development and management
    strategies of the Company seek to achieve long-term, steady and sustainable growth, while having due
    considerations of the environment, social and governance aspects.

The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with good corporate governance
practices. This ensures that the overall business risk of the Group is assessed and managed appropriately and
sustainable returns can be delivered to its shareholders. The Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) published
by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) sets out the principles of good corporate
governance, and the Group manages its corporate affairs (such as its board composition, audit, internal control and
risk management) in accordance with such principles. This corporate governance report provides a channel through
which shareholders could evaluate the Group’s implementation of such principles to its business.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of
     Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

     Save for the deviation disclosed in this annual report, during the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has
     complied with all the code provisions as set out in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.

     THE BOARD

     Responsibilities

     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group which oversees the Group’s strategic decisions
     and monitors business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
     management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects
     of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established five Board committees, namely the Audit Committee, the
     remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”), the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”),
     the strategy committee (the “Strategy Committee”) and the environmental, social and governance committee (the “ESG
     Committee”) (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as
     set out in their respective terms of reference.

     All Directors shall ensure that they carry out their duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and
     regulations, and in the interests of the Company and its shareholders at all times.

     Board Composition

     As at 31 December 2023, the Board comprises seven members, consisting of two executive Directors, two non-
     executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors as set out below:

     Executive Directors
     Ms. JIANG Hua (Chairlady of the Board and Chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. DOU Changlin (Chief Operating Officer and President of R&D)

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. LIU Yuanchong
     Ms. LI Li

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Professor SHI Luwen
     Mr. DAI Jixiong
     Dr. YU Jialin

     The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Management” of this annual report.




54   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board has, at all times, met the requirements under Rules 3.10(1)
and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors and
among which at least one of them possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise. The Company also complied at all times with Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, which relates to
the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules and the Company considers each of them to be independent.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board which contribute to its efficient and effective functioning.
Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

None of the Directors has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationship) with any other Directors.

The CG Code requires directors to disclose to the Company the number and nature of offices that they hold in public
companies or organisations and other significant commitments as well as the identity of those public companies or
organisations and an indication of the time involved. The Directors have agreed to disclose their commitments to the
Company in a timely manner.

Continuous Professional Development

The Company arranges regular seminars to Directors regarding updates on the latest development and changes in
the Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements. The Directors are also provided with regular
updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects so as to enable the Board and each Director to
discharge their duties. The Company has also devised a training record in order to assist the Directors to record the
training they have undertaken and they are requested to provide training records to the Company.

According to C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in continuous professional development so as to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, and thereby ensuring that their contribution to the Board remains to
be informed and relevant. According to the records kept by the Company, each of the Directors, namely, Ms. JIANG
Hua, Dr. DOU Changlin, Mr. LIU Yuanchong, Ms. LI Li, Mr. CHEN Jie, Professor SHI Luwen and Mr. DAI Jixiong
and Dr. YU Jialin have, during the Reporting Period, (a) attended seminars and/or trainings that are relevant to the
Directors’ professional knowledge and skills, and in performing their duties and responsibilities as Directors; and (b)
read materials that are relevant to the Directors’ professional knowledge and skills and in performing their duties and
responsibilities as Directors.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Under C.2.1 of the CG Code, the chairman and the chief executive should be separate and should not be performed
by the same individual.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            55
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Under the current organisation structure of the Company, Ms. JIANG Hua is the Chairlady of the Board and the
     Chief Executive Officer. With extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that Ms.
     JIANG Hua should continue to assume the roles of chairman and chief executive officer during the year ended 31
     December 2023 as this arrangement will improve the efficiency of our decision-making and execution process given
     her knowledge of the Group’s affairs. The Company has put in place an appropriate check-and-balance mechanism
     through the Board and its independent non-executive Directors.

     Appointment and Re-Election of Directors

     Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Director (excluding Dr. YU
     Jialin) has entered into an appointment letter with the Company commencing from 25 March 2022 until the end of the
     first session of the Board, and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment letters.

     Dr. YU Jialin, an independent non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment letter with the Company
     commencing from 2 December 2022 until the end of the first session of the Board, which may be terminated in
     accordance with the terms of the appointment letter.

     None of the Directors has a service agreement which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
     payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

     In accordance with the Articles of Association, Directors (including non-executive Directors) shall be elected at the
     general meeting with a term of three years. A Director may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon the expiry
     of his/her term. A Director shall continue to perform his/her duties in accordance with the laws, administrative
     regulations and Articles of Association until a duly re-elected director takes office, if re-election is not conducted in
     a timely manner upon the expiry of his/her term of office, or if the resignation of directors results in the number of
     directors being less than the quorum. The Articles of Association also provides that each Director appointed to fill a
     casual vacancy or as addition to the Board shall hold office until the first general meeting after his/her appointment.
     The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.

     The term of the first session of the Board has expired in March 2024, and each Director shall continue to perform
     his/her duties as Director in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the Articles of Association until
     the conclusion of the annual general meeting to be held on 31 May 2024. The Board proposed each of Ms. JIANG
     Hua, Dr. DOU Changlin, Mr. LIU Yuanchong, Ms. LI Li, Professor SHI Luwen, Mr. DAI Jixiong and Dr. YU Jialian
     to be re-elected at the AGM. The term of office of candidates for executive Directors, non-executive Directors and
     independent non-executive Directors will take effect from the date of approval at the AGM and will end upon the
     expiry of the term of service of the second session of the Board (or the term of office shall expire at the conclusion of
     the forthcoming general meeting at which a new session of the Board will be elected).

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of directors are set out in the Articles of
     Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, monitoring the
     appointment, re-election and succession planning of Directors.




56   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD INDEPENDENCE

The Board reviewed and considered that the following key features or mechanisms under the Company’s governance
structure are effective in ensuring that independent views and inputs are provided to the Board.

Board and committees’             •   The Company is steered by a Board comprising a majority of non-executive
 structure                            Directors. The Board comprises two executive Directors, two non-executive
                                      Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.

                                  •   Members of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
                                      Nomination Committee are independent non-executive Directors, save for
                                      Mr. LIU Yuanchong who sits on the Audit Committee as a non-executive
                                      Director.

Independent non-executive         •   The directors’ nomination policy of the Company sets a maximum tenure
  Directors’ tenure                   of nine consecutive years for independent non-executive Directors to be
                                      eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election by Shareholders.

Independent non-executive         •   Independent non-executive Directors receive fixed fee(s) for their role as
  Directors’ remuneration             members of the Board and Board committee(s) as appropriate, and none of
                                      them has participated in share schemes of the Company.

Appointment of independent        •   Independent search firm(s) will be engaged to help identify potential
  non-executive Directors             candidates for appointment of independent non-executives Directors.

                                  •   In assessing suitability of candidates of independent non-executive
                                      Directors, the Nomination Committee will review their profiles, including
                                      their qualification and time commitment, having regard to the Board’s
                                      composition, the candidates’ skill matrix, the list of selection criteria
                                      approved by the Board, its nomination policy and the board diversity policy.

Annual review of independent      •   The Board assessed the annual independence confirmation received from
  non-executive Directors’            each independent non-executive Director, having regard to the criteria under
  independence                        Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

Conflict management               •   The Articles of Association and internal guidelines of the Company provide
                                      guidance to the Directors on avoiding conflicts of interest and on the
                                      circumstances under which appropriate action(s) that shall be taken by the
                                      director in case of a conflict.

Professional advice               •   To facilitate proper discharge of their duties, all Directors are entitled to seek
                                      advice from the Company secretary or the in-house legal team as well as
                                      from independent professional advisers at the Company’s expense.

Board evaluation                  •   The quality and efficiency of discussions at Board meetings are assessed
                                      during the annual evaluation of the Board’s performance.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               57
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Board Meetings

     The Company has adopted the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at
     approximately quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than 14 days will be given for all regular board meetings to
     provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and propose matters to be included in the agenda for the board
     meeting.

     For other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice will generally be given. The agenda and accompanying
     board papers are dispatched to the Directors or committee members at least three days before the meetings to
     ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately prepared for the meetings. When
     directors or committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be informed on the matters to be discussed
     and given an opportunity to make their views known to the Chairlady of the Board prior to the meeting.

     Minutes of the Board meetings and committee meetings will be recorded in sufficient detail the matters considered
     by the Board and the committees, and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors.
     Draft minutes of each Board meeting and committee meeting will be sent to the Directors for comments within a
     reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, four Board meetings, and one AGM were held and the attendance of
     each individual Director at these meetings is set out in the table below:

                                                                                Attended/Eligible to                Attended/Eligible to
      Name of Director                                                        attend Board meeting                         attend AGM


      Ms. JIANG Hua                                                                                   4/4                                1/1
      Dr. DOU Changlin                                                                                4/4                                1/1
      Mr. LIU Yuanchong                                                                               4/4                                1/1
      Ms. LI Li Note 1                                                                                1/4                                1/1
      Dr. LI Youxin (Passed away on 12 February 2023)                                                 N/A                                N/A
      Mr. CHEN Jie (Resigned on 12 December 2023)                                                     3/3                                1/1
      Professor SHI Luwen                                                                             4/4                                1/1
      Mr. DAI Jixiong                                                                                 4/4                                1/1
      Dr. YU Jialin                                                                                   4/4                                1/1

     Note:

     1.   Ms. LI Li who was unable to attend the meetings of the Board had appointed other Directors to attend and exercise her voting rights on
          her behalf.


     Model Code for Securities Transactions

     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms meeting the
     required standards as set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and Supervisors
     and the Directors and Supervisors have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code throughout the year
     ended 31 December 2023.

     The Company has also adopted its own code of conduct regarding employees’ securities transactions on terms
     meeting the required standard as set out in the Model Code. This ensures compliance by relevant employees who
     are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company in respect of their dealings in the
     Company’s securities.

58   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Delegation by the Board

The Board reserves the power to decide on all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of
all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions
(in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other
significant financial and operational matters. Directors can seek independent professional advice in performing
their duties at the Company’s expense and are encouraged to consult with the Company’s senior management
independently.

The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management. The
delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from the
Board before the management arranges for any significant transactions to be entered into.

Corporate Governance Function

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors which include:

(a) to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

(b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management
    of the Company;

(c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
    requirements;

(d) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
    directors; and

(e) to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

The Company has established a formal and transparent procedure for formulating policies on remuneration of
Directors and senior management of the Group. Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the year
ended 31 December 2023 are set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

The biographies of the senior management are disclosed in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” in this annual report. Remuneration paid to the top senior management (excluding the Directors) for the
year ended 31 December 2023 fell within the following bands:

 Remuneration Band                                                                               No. of employees


 RMB 500,001 to RMB1,000,000                                                                                         1
 RMB1,000,001 to RMB1,500,000                                                                                        1
 RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                        1
 RMB4,500,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                                        1




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            59
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Directors’ Liability Insurance

     The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance coverage in respect of legal actions against its Directors.

     BOARD COMMITTEES

     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee currently comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Professor SHI
     Luwen (chairperson), and Dr. YU Jialin, and one non-executive Director, Ms. LI Li.

     The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, making recommendation
     to the Board on the appointment and succession planning of Directors, and assessing the independence of the
     independent non-executive Directors. The Nomination Committee has adopted certain criteria and procedure in the
     nomination of new Directors. The Nomination Committee will assess the candidate or incumbent on criteria such
     as integrity, experience, skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The
     recommendations of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

     In assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate before recommending to the Board for it to consider and make
     recommendations to the Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings or appoint as Directors to fill
     casual vacancies, the Nomination Committee will consider factors including, without limitation, character and integrity
     of the proposed candidates, qualifications of the proposed candidates including professional qualifications, skills,
     knowledge and experience, accomplishments and experience of the proposed candidates in the business from
     time to time, commitment of the proposed candidates in respect of available time and relevant interest, diversity and
     balance of the Board and such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.

     The written terms of reference of Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
     Company.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held and the attendance
     record of the Nomination Committee members is set out in the table below:

                                                                                                               Attended/
      Directors                                                                                        Eligible to attend


      Professor SHI Luwen                                                                                              1/1
      Dr. YU Jialin                                                                                                    1/1
      Ms. LI Li                                                                                                        1/1


     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Nomination Committee has reviewed the Board composition and
     made recommendation to the Board on the re-election of retiring Directors, the Board Diversity Policy, Nomination
     Policy and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors.

     Nomination Policy

     The director nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) adopted by the Board aims to enhance transparency and
     accountability of the nomination process of Directors and enable the Company to ensure the Board has a balance of
     skills, experience, and diversity of perspectives necessary to the Company’s business.



60   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The selection criteria for assessing the suitability of proposed candidates which shall be taken as reference by the
Nomination Committee includes: character and integrity, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience
that are relevant to the Company’s business and strategy, the potential contribution to the Board from the diversity
aspects (including but not limited to age, gender, international background, and professional experience), the
candidate’s time commitment to the Company, the candidate’s service on other boards of directors of the Group or
of other companies (whether listed or non-listed) and any other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem fit to
consider in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. These above selection criteria are not exhaustive
or conclusive. The Nomination Committee would consider any other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem
fit to consider in the best interests of the Company and shareholders of the Company.

For potential candidates who appear to meet the Board’s selection criteria, the Nomination Committee shall convene
a meeting to discuss and consider recommending the candidate to the Board for appointment as a Director upon
obtaining the required information from the candidate. The Nomination Committee shall review whether the candidate is
qualified to be appointed, elected or re-elected into the Board under the relevant Listing Rules and the policies of the
Company.

The Board and the Nomination Committee intend to review the Nomination Policy at least annually and anticipate that
modifications may be necessary from time to time given the Company’s evolving needs, changing circumstances
which may include legal and regulatory changes in the Listing Rules or laws of Hong Kong, the People’s Republic of
China, and other relevant jurisdictions.

Board Diversity Policy

The Company views diversity at the Board level as essential in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives
and its sustainable development. To that end, the Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy to set out the
approach to achieve diversity on the Board. In designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been
considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. Ultimately, all Board appointments are
merit-based, and candidates are assessed based on objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity
on the Board.

To duly implement the Board Diversity Policy, the measurable objective of at least 2 female Board members has
been adopted. As at the date of this report, the Board comprises five male Directors and two female Directors; in
the opinion of the Directors, this composition has achieved the above objective on gender diversity of the Board.
To ensure gender diversity of the Board in the long run, the Group will seek to identify and select several female
individuals with a diverse range of skills, experience and knowledge in the field of the Group’s business from time to
time, and maintain a list of such female individuals who possess qualities to become the Board members in order to
develop a pipeline of potential female successors to the Board to promote gender diversity of the Board.

The workforce of the Group (including its senior management) comprised approximately 38% male employees and
62% female employees as at 31 December 2023. The Company aims to achieve a men-to-women ratio of 45:55 by
the end of 2025. Due to the nature of work in the pharmaceutical industry, the Group mainly considers factors such as
the candidates’ ability and experience, rather than their gender, in recruiting employees.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             61
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Remuneration Committee

     The Remuneration Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. YU Jialin (chairperson),
     and Mr. DAI Jixiong, and one non-executive Director, Ms. LI Li.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

     –     to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for all directors,
           supervisors and senior management and on the establishment of formal and transparent procedures for
           formulating the remuneration policy;

     –     to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the corporate goals and
           objectives set by the Board (including benefits in kind, pensions and payment of compensation (including the
           compensation for losing or terminating the office or appointment));

     –     to determine the specific terms of the remuneration package for each executive director and senior management;

     –     to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors and supervisors; and

     –     to ensure that no director or any of his or her associates is involved in determining his or her own remuneration.

     The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange
     and the Company.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held and the
     attendance record of the Remuneration Committee members is set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                  Attended/
         Directors                                                                                        Eligible to attend


         Dr. YU Jialin                                                                                                   1/1
         Mr. DAI Jixiong                                                                                                 1/1
         Ms. LI Li                                                                                                       1/1


     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Remuneration Committee assessed the performance of the Directors
     and reviewed the Company’s policy and structure for all directors’ and senior management remuneration.

     Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. DAI Jixiong (chairperson), and
     Dr. YU Jialin, and one non-executive Director, Mr. LIU Yuanchong. The main duties of the Audit Committee include
     the following:

     –     to review the financial statements and reports before submission to the Board;

     –     to review and monitor the independence of the external auditor, the objectivity and effectiveness of the audit
           process in accordance with applicable standard, and discuss with external auditor the nature and scope of the
           audit and reporting obligations before the audit commences;



62   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




–     to review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal control system
      and risk management system and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff
      qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial
      reporting function; and

–     to oversee the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, report to the Board on any material
      issue, and make recommendations to the Board.

The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, two meeting of the Audit Committee was held and the attendance record
of the Audit Committee members is set out in the table below:

                                                                                                            Attended/
    Directors                                                                                       Eligible to attend


    Mr. DAI Jixiong                                                                                                 2/2
    Dr. YU Jialin                                                                                                   2/2
    Mr. LIU Yuanchong                                                                                               2/2


During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Audit Committee had reviewed the annual results of the Group
for the year ended 31 December 2022, interim results of the Group for the period ended 30 June 2023, the risk
management systems and processes for the re-appointment of the external auditor.

There are proper arrangements for employees to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting,
internal control and other matters, in confidence.

Strategy Committee

The Strategy Committee comprises two executive Directors, namely Ms. JIANG Hua (chairlady), and Dr. DOU
Changlin, and one independent non-executive Director, Professor SHI Luwen. The main responsibility of the Strategy
Committee is to conduct research on the Company’s long-term development strategies and significant investment
decisions, and make recommendations to the Board of the Company, including the following:

•     to study and make recommendations on the Company’s long-term strategic development plan;

•     to tackle other matters related to strategic investment as required by the laws, regulations, regulatory documents,
      the Listing Rules, Articles of Association and other internal management systems of the Company or authorized
      by the Board;

•     to study and make recommendations on other significant events that affect the Company’s development;

•     to inspect the implementation of the above matters approved by the Board or the general meeting; and

•     to study and make recommendations on significant investments, financing, significant capital operations, and
      asset operating projects subject to the approval by the Board or the general meeting as required by the Articles
      of Association or other internal management systems of the Company.



ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             63
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The written terms of reference of the Strategy Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and
     the Company.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no meeting of the Strategy Committee was held.

     ESG Committee

     The ESG Committee comprises two executive Directors, namely Ms. JIANG Hua (chairlady), and Dr. DOU Changlin,
     and one non-executive Director, Ms. LI Li. The main responsibility of the ESG Committee is to identify and manage
     environmental, social and governance-related risks and opportunities, and to address and implement relevant
     governance strategies and initiatives. The ESG Committee has the following primary duties:

     •   to co-ordinate, identify, assess and manage the ESG matters of the Group and report to the Board on any
         significant issues;

     •   to develop and review the approach and strategy of the Group’s ESG policies, and closely monitor the
         implementation and effectiveness of ESG policies and initiatives;

     •   to set ESG-related objectives according to the actual situation of the Group and to regularly review the progress
         and performance of the Group against these objectives;

     •   to assist the Board in reviewing the annual ESG Report, and coordinate the preparation of the ESG Report;

     •   to keep abreast of regulatory requirements and to oversee the Group’s compliance with relevant laws and
         regulations; and

     •   to co-ordinate any other ESG-related work as may be assigned by the Board.

     The written terms of reference of the ESG Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
     Company.

     The ESG Committee was established on 27 March 2023. The ESG Committee has yet to hold any meetings during
     the Reporting Period.

     Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Reporting in respect of Financial Statements

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
     2023 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group’s results and cash
     flows.

     The management has provided the Board with necessary explanation and information in enabling the Board to
     conduct an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval.

     The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on the Company’s performance, positions
     and prospects.

     The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
     doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.



64   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The statement by the auditor of the Company regarding their responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements
of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on page 73 to 74 of this annual report.

Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal control system
to safeguard Shareholders’ investments and the Company’s assets. The effectiveness of such system is examined
on an annual basis. The Board also clarifies that the system is purported to manage, but not eliminate, the risk of
failure to fulfil business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.

The Group has established an internal audit department to review the financial condition, operational condition,
risk management, compliance control and internal control of the Group. Management is responsible for performing
risk assessment, and owning the implementation and maintenance of internal control. Well defined policies and
procedures that are properly documented and communicated to employees are essential to the risk management
and internal control systems.

At least annually, the Board, through the Audit Committee, review the effectiveness of the risk management and
the internal control systems of the Company including the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of
staff on the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget, and
considered the internal control system to be effective and adequate. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the
Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control system of the Company including the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the
Company’s accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget and considered
the risk management and the internal control systems to be effective and adequate.

The Group’s risk management and internal control system is embedded within our business processes so that
it functions as an integral part of the overall operation of the Group. The system comprises a comprehensive
organisation structure with assignment of definite accountabilities and delegation of corresponding authorities to each
post. Based on our organization structure, a reporting system has been developed including reporting channels from
division heads of business units to the Board.

The risk management and internal control systems and accounting system of the Group are aimed at identifying
and evaluating the Group’s risk and formulate risk mitigation strategies, and to provide reasonable assurance that
assets are safeguarded against unauthorised use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance with
management’s authorisation, and the accounting records are reliable for preparing financial information used within
the business for publication, maintaining accountability for assets and liabilities, and ensuring that the business
operations are in accordance with relevant legislation, regulations and internal guidelines.

The Group has a defined organisational structure with clear defined lines of responsibility and authority. Each
department is accountable for its daily operations and is required to report to executive Directors on a regular basis.
Policies and procedures are set for each department, which includes establishing and maintaining effective policies
to enhance risks identification to which the Group are exposed and taking appropriate action to manage such risks,
establishing a structure with defined authorities and proper segregation of duties; monitoring the strategic plan and
performance; designing an effective accounting and information system; controlling price sensitive information, and
ensuring swift actions and timely communication with our stakeholders.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            65
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Whistle-blowing Policy

     The Company has in place the Whistle-blowing Policy for employees of the Company and those who deal with the
     Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, about possible improprieties in any matters related to the
     Company.

     Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery Policy

     The Company also has in place the Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery Policy to safeguard against fraud and bribery within
     the Company. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of the
     Company to report any suspected fraud and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports set out in the
     Whistle-blowing Policy.

     DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

     With respect to the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the
     Group has internal policy and procedures which strictly prohibit unauthorised use of inside information and has
     communicated to all staff; the Board is aware of its obligations to announce any inside information in accordance with
     the Listing Rules and conducts the affairs with reference to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued
     by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012. In addition, only Directors and delegated officers can act as
     the Group’s spokesperson and respond to external enquiries about the Group’s affairs.

     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the remuneration paid or payable to the external auditor of the Company,
     Ernst & Young, for audit services and non-audit services were RMB2.7 million and nil, respectively.

     The Audit Committee and the Board have agreed on the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the independent auditor
     of the Group for 2024 and the proposal will be submitted for approval at the AGM to be held on 31 May 2024.

     COMPANY SECRETARY

     Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (“Ms. LAI”) has been appointed as the company secretary of the Company since 10 March 2022. Ms.
     LAI is a director of the Corporate Services Division of Tricor Services Limited, and she is communicating closely with
     Ms. JIANG Hua, our Chairlady of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, Ms. LAI undertook not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
     in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




66   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
and their understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company also recognises the
importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable Shareholders and investors to
make the informed investment decisions.

The AGM of the Company provides opportunity for Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The
Chairlady of the Board, the chairperson of each Board committee of the Company will attend the AGMs to answer
shareholders’ questions. The external auditor of the Company will also attend the AGMs to answer questions
about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and the
independence of auditor.

To promote effective communication, the Company adopts a shareholders’ communication policy which aims to
establish a two-way relationship and communication between the Company and its shareholders. The Company
maintains a website at www.boan-bio.com, where up-to-date information on the Company’s business operations
and developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and other information are available for
public access. The Board has reviewed the implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy and considers
its implementation as effective. Investors may write directly to the Company or via email to BAIR@boan-bio.com for
any inquiries. Having considered the multiple channels of communication in place, the Board is satisfied that the
shareholders’ communication policy conducted during the year has been properly implemented and is effective.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at shareholder
meetings, including the election of individual directors. All resolutions put forward at shareholder meetings will be
voted on by poll in accordance with the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company
and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each shareholder meeting.

CONVENING AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

Pursuant to Article 55 of the Articles of Association, if Shareholders request the convening of an extraordinary general
meeting, the following procedures shall be carried out:

(i)    any shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company is/are entitled to
       request in writing the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting. The Board shall, in accordance with
       the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association, furnish a written reply to such shareholder(s)
       stating its agreement or disagreement to the convening of the extraordinary general meeting within 10 days after
       receipt of such requisition.

(ii)   in the event that the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, a notice for convening such
       meeting shall be given within 5 days after the relevant Board resolution is passed and consent of the relevant
       shareholder(s) shall be obtained in case of any changes to the original proposal in the notice.

(iii) in the event that the Board disagrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or does not furnish any reply
      within 10 days after having received such requisition, any shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding 10% or
      more of the shares of the Company is/are entitled to propose in writing to the Board of Supervisors to convene
      an extraordinary general meeting.



ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             67
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     (iv) in the event that the Board of Supervisors agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, a notice for
          convening such meeting shall be given within 5 days after receipt of such requisition and consent of the relevant
          shareholder(s) shall be obtained in case of any changes to the original proposal in the notice.

     (v) in the event that the Board of Supervisors fails to serve any notice of a general meeting within the prescribed
         period, the Board of Supervisors is deemed not to convene and preside over the meeting, in which case
         the shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company for more than 90
         consecutive days may convene and preside over the meeting on its/their own.

     Where the Shareholders convene and preside over a meeting by themselves as the Board fails to convene the
     meeting pursuant to the aforesaid request, the reasonable expenses incurred therefrom shall be borne by the
     Company and deducted from the amounts due from the Company to the defaulting Directors.

     PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

     Pursuant to Article 60 of the Articles of Association, where the Company convenes a general meeting, the Board, the
     Board of Supervisors and shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than 3% of the shares of the Company
     shall have the right to put forward proposals to the Company.

     Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than 3% of the shares of the Company may submit written
     provisional proposals to the convener 10 days before a general meeting. The convener shall serve a supplemental
     notice of the general meeting within 2 days after receipt of the provisional proposals and notify the contents of the
     said provisional proposals.

     Save as specified above, the convener shall not change the proposals set out in the notice of the general meeting or
     add any new proposal after the said notice is served.

     Proposals not set out in the notice of the general meeting or not complying with the Articles of Association shall not
     be voted on or resolved at the general meeting.

     DIVIDEND POLICY

     It is the policy of the Board, in considering payment of dividends, to allow Shareholders to share the Company’s
     profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for the Group’s future growth.

     The Board shall consider the following factors before declaring or recommending dividends:

     •   the Company’s earnings and financial position;

     •   the Group’s working capital, operating and capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

     •   the Group’s liquidity position;

     •   general economic condition, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or external factors that
         may affect the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

     •   other factors that the Board considers relevant.




68   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The payment of dividends is also subject to applicable laws and regulations including the laws and regulations of the
PRC and the Articles of Association. The Board will continually review the dividend policy from time to time and there is
no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

Enquiries to the Board

Written enquiries to the Board may be made at the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at 5/F,
Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong for the attention to the Chairlady of the Board. Other
enquiries may be made by telephone at (86) 0535-4379111.

CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

On 17 February 2023, the State Council of the People’s Republic of China and China Securities Regulatory
Commission issued the Decision of the State Council to Repeal Certain Administrative Regulations and Documents
(《國務院關於廢止部分行政法規和文件的決定》) and the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (《境內企業境外發行證券和上市管理試行辦法》), respectively, which
took effect on 31 March 2023. On the same date as the aforementioned new regulations took effect, the Special
Regulations on the Overseas Offering and Listing of Shares by Joint Stock Limited Companies (《國務院關於股份有
限公司境外募集股份及上市的特別規定》) and the Mandatory Provisions for Companies Listing Overseas (《到境外
上市公司章程必備條款》) had been repealed. At the Company’s annual general meeting held on 29 May 2023, the
shareholders of the Company approved certain amendments to the Articles of Association in light of the mentioned
new regulations (the “Amendments”). Details of such Amendments are set out in the circular of the Company dated
26 April 2023. The Amendments to Articles 2, 18 and 19 of the Articles of Association took effect immediately upon
the aforesaid shareholders’ approval and the updated Articles of Association reflecting the Amendments took effect
on 1 August 2023.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             69
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                                        Ernst & Young                   ‫ࡋ؍‬㫵嬴㍳з⥽۱                    Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                                        27/F, One Taikoo Place          ௚࢔每欧ࢅਸ਼छଳ垹             Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                                        979 King’s Road
                                        Quarry Bay, Hong Kong           ‫ן‬Վⵐ▲‫ڇ‬㶣                  ey.com



     To the shareholders of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
     (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

     OPINION

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 75 to 152, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
     position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
     the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
     ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
     of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
     flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
     the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
     disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
     the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
     the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
     provided in that context.

     We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
     financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
     the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
     the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
     to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
     statements.




70   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Capitalisation of development costs

 During the year ended 31 December 2023, expenditure          We evaluated management judgement on the
 of RMB245,904,000 incurred on projects to develop            distinction between research and development phase
 new pharmaceutical products was capitalised                  and the satisfaction of capitalisation criteria through
 in intangible assets in the consolidated financial           comparison to industry practice and the Group’s
 statements. The expenditure on development activities        policy. We obtained an understanding of the Group’s
 is capitalised when all the criteria mentioned in note 2.4   internal approval process regarding the capitalisation
 Material accounting policies were satisfied. Significant     of development costs by conducting interviews with
 management estimation and judgement were required            key management members in charge of research,
 in determining whether the capitalised costs met the         development and commercialisation of various projects.
 capitalisation criteria.                                     We also examined technical feasibility reports and
                                                              certifications related to different stages of development
 The Group’s disclosures about the capitalisation of          activities and reviewed the expenditure documents
 development costs are included in note 2.4 Material          relevant to separately accounted development costs.
 accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting
 judgements and estimates and note 15 Intangible
 assets, which specifically explain the accounting policies
 and management’s assumptions and accounting
 estimates.


 Impairment testing of intangible assets not yet available for use

 As at 31 December 2023, intangible assets not yet            We checked the key assumptions including the
 available for use amounted to RMB534,976,000.                product’s projected market share, expected selling
 The Group performs its impairment test for intangible        price and associated costs to be incurred against
 assets not yet available for use on an annual basis. The     industrial analyst commentaries, consensus forecasts
 impairment reviews performed by the Group contained          of certain therapeutic area and benchmark data for
 significant judgement and estimates on assumptions           comparable companies where available. We involved
 including growth rate, profit margin and discount rate.      our internal valuation specialists to assist us in
                                                              evaluating the methodologies used in the impairment
 The Group’s disclosures on intangible assets not yet         analysis, in particular discount rate and growth rate.
 available for use are included in note 2.4 Material
 accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting
 judgements and estimates and note 15 Intangible
 assets, which specifically explain the accounting policies
 and management’s assumptions and accounting
 estimates.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           71
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     Management Discussion and Analysis of the Annual Report (but does not include the consolidated financial
     statements and our auditor’s report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the
     Chairlady’s Statement, the Report of Directors and the Corporate Governance Report, which are expected to be
     made available to us after that date.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
     inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears
     to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior
     to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     When we read the Chairlady’s Statement, the Report of Directors and the Corporate Governance Report, if we
     conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Audit
     Committee.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
     a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
     of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
     the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
     cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
     the Group’s financial reporting process.




72   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
    omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
    Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
    related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
    the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
    significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
    exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
    financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
    on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
    cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
    disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
    in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
    within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
    direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              73
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Hooi Wan Yee.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     25 March 2024




74   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                              2023           2022
                                                              Notes        RMB’000        RMB’000


REVENUE                                                        5             618,129        515,960
Cost of sales                                                               (209,161)      (161,730)


Gross profit                                                                408,968        354,230

Other income and gains                                         5              27,654          24,348
Research and development costs                                              (230,682)      (400,338)
Administrative expenses                                                      (51,687)        (82,334)
Selling and distribution expenses                                           (256,533)      (214,086)
Other expenses                                                                (3,010)           (162)
Finance costs                                                  7             (14,087)        (13,407)


LOSS BEFORE TAX                                                6            (119,377)      (331,749)

Income tax expense                                             10                  –               –


LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                                           (119,377)      (331,749)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                      (119,377)      (331,749)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                     228           1,703


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                                       228           1,703


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                       (119,149)      (330,046)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                      (119,149)      (330,046)


LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
  EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

Basic and diluted (RMB)                                        12              (0.23)          (0.67)




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                             SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    75
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     31 December 2023




                                                                     2023            2022
                                                          Notes   RMB’000         RMB’000


     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                         13      615,417         572,092
     Advance payments for property, plant and equipment             32,765          41,685
     Right-of-use assets                                  14(a)     11,693          10,602
     Intangible assets                                     15      950,504         731,505


     Total non-current assets                                     1,610,379      1,355,884


     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                           16      165,291         143,634
     Trade and notes receivables                           17      276,195         212,124
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets       18       57,381          50,259
     Pledged deposits                                      19       12,290         207,160
     Cash and cash equivalents                             19      201,850         233,498


     Total current assets                                          713,007         846,675


     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Lease liabilities                                    14(b)      3,567           8,384
     Trade and notes payables                              20      217,572         160,203
     Other payables and accruals                           21      239,464         204,427
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings            22      167,839          83,339
     Due to related parties                               31(c)     24,907          15,318


     Total current liabilities                                     653,349         471,671


     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                             59,658         375,004



     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                        1,670,037      1,730,888




76   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
31 December 2023




                                                                        2023           2022
                                                       Notes         RMB’000        RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                       14(b)           6,175              –
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings               22           228,324        210,000
Government grants                                        23             3,000              –
Other non-current liabilities                            24           112,670        102,511


Total non-current liabilities                                         350,169        312,511


Net assets                                                           1,319,868      1,418,377


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                            26           509,278        509,278
Reserves                                                 27           810,590        909,099


Total equity                                                         1,319,868      1,418,377




Ms. Jiang Hua                                 Mr. Dou Changlin
Director                                      Director




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   77
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                            Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                             Safety        Exchange
                                                     Share        Share        Other     production       fluctuation Accumulated       Total
                                                    capital   premium*     reserves*       reserve*          reserve*     losses*      equity
                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                  (note 26)    (note 27)    (note 27)      (note 27)         (note 27)


     At 1 January 2023                             509,278    1,329,450       83,909           5,227           1,575     (511,062)   1,418,377
     Loss for the year                                   –            –            –               –               –     (119,377)    (119,377)
     Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                             –            –            –               –               228          –         228


     Total comprehensive loss for the year               –            –            –               –               228   (119,377)    (119,149)
     Appropriation to safety production reserve          –            –            –           1,783                 –     (1,783)           –
     Safety production reserve used                      –            –            –          (1,117)                –      1,117            –
     Share-based payment arrangements
       (note 28)                                         –            –       20,640               –                 –          –      20,640


     At 31 December 2023                           509,278    1,329,450     104,549            5,893           1,803     (631,105)   1,319,868




78   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                             Safety         Exchange
                                                  Share        Share        Other       production         fluctuation    Accumulated        Total
                                                 capital   premium*     reserves*          reserve*           reserve*        losses*       equity
                                               RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000
                                               (note 26)    (note 27)    (note 27)        (note 27)          (note 27)


At 1 January 2022                               498,583    1,161,888      65,430             2,016                (128)      (176,102)    1,551,687
Loss for the year                                     –            –           –                 –                   –       (331,749)     (331,749)
Exchange differences on translation
  of foreign operations                               –            –            –                 –              1,703               –        1,703


Total comprehensive loss for the year                 –            –            –                –               1,703       (331,749)     (330,046)
Issue of shares from initial public offering     10,695     178,461             –                –                   –               –      189,156
Share issue expenses                                  –      (10,899)           –                –                   –               –       (10,899)
Appropriation to safety production reserve            –            –            –            4,429                   –          (4,429)            –
Safety production reserve used                        –            –            –           (1,218)                  –           1,218             –
Share-based payment arrangements
  (note 28)                                           –            –      18,479                  –                  –               –      18,479


At 31 December 2022                             509,278    1,329,450      83,909             5,227               1,575       (511,062)    1,418,377

*     These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB810,590,000 (2022: RMB909,099,000) in the consolidated
      statement of financial position.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                         79
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                       Notes   RMB’000        RMB’000


     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Loss before tax                                                           (119,377)      (331,749)
     Adjustments for:
       Finance costs                                                    7       14,087          13,407
       Bank interest income                                                     (1,159)          (5,568)
       Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                    –               16
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            51,454          47,910
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       5,861            7,389
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                        25,451          17,536
       (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of trade receivables, net    17         (26)              26
       Share-based payment expense                                      28      20,640          18,479
       Foreign exchange differences, net                                         2,831           (2,722)


                                                                                   (238)      (235,276)
     Increase in inventories                                                    (21,657)        (44,794)
     Increase in trade and notes receivables                                    (60,208)      (104,883)
     (Increase)/decrease in prepayments, other receivables and
        other assets                                                            (9,270)         24,535
     (Increase)/decrease in pledged deposits                                    (5,130)         19,552
     Increase in trade and notes payables                                       57,369          21,489
     Increase in other payables and accruals                                     7,014         122,529
     Increase/(decrease) in government grants                                    3,000           (1,800)
     Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to related parties                       8,215           (7,407)
     Increase in other non-current liabilities                                   2,337            4,214


     Cash used in operations                                                    (18,568)      (201,841)


     Net cash flows used in operating activities                                (18,568)      (201,841)




80   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                     2023           2022
                                                      Note        RMB’000        RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                 (67,324)        (81,291)
Increase in intangible assets                                      (227,434)      (125,085)
Decrease in time deposits over three months                               –        100,000
Bank interest received                                                1,187           5,692


Net cash flows used in investing activities                        (293,571)      (100,684)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank and other borrowings                                      132,845           52,979
Repayment of bank loans                                            (30,000)         (10,000)
Decrease/(increase) in pledged deposits                            200,000        (200,000)
Advances from a related party                                        1,374                 –
Proceeds from initial public offering                                    –         189,156
Payment for listing expenses                                             –          (10,610)
Principal portion of lease payments                                 (7,025)           (8,605)
Interest paid                                                      (14,108)         (13,047)


Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                 283,086             (127)


NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                          (29,053)       (302,652)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                     233,498         531,703
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                        (2,595)          4,447


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                           201,850        233,498


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
  CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                19           164,140        240,658
Time deposits                                         19             5,000        200,000


                                                                   214,140        440,658
Less:
Pledged deposits for notes payable                    19            (12,290)         (7,160)
Pledged deposits for bank loans                       19                  –       (200,000)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
  consolidated statement of financial position and
  the consolidated statement of cash flows                         201,850        233,498




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     81
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

         The Company is a joint stock company with limited liability established in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).
         The registered office of the Company is located at No. 39 Keji Avenue, High-Tech Industrial Development Zone,
         Yantai, Shandong Province, China.

         During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries were principally engaged in the development, manufacture
         and commercialisation of high quality biologics in China and worldwide.

         In the opinion of the directors, the immediate holding company and the ultimate holding company of the
         Company are Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Luye”), which is established in the PRC, and
         Luye Pharma Group Ltd., which is incorporated in Bermuda, respectively.

         Information about subsidiaries

         Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                  Place of           Nominal value
                                            incorporation/               of issued
                                               registration              ordinary/                Percentage
                                              and place of              registered           of equity attributable    Principal
             Name                               operations            share capital             to the Company         activities
                                                                                                 Direct     Indirect


             Nanjing Boan                            PRC/             RMB2,000,000                100             –    Early stage research
              Biotechnology               Chinese Mainland                                                              and development
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 in new anti-body
              (“Boan Nanjing”)*                                                                                         drugs

             Boan Singapore                        Singapore         US$10,780,001                100             –    Overseas market
              Innovation Center                                                                                         development
              Pte. Ltd.

             Boan Boston LLC                  United States                      US$1                –          100    Early stage research
                                          of America (“USA”)                                                            and development
                                                                                                                        in new anti-body
                                                                                                                        drugs

             Shenzhen Bonuo                          PRC/             RMB1,000,000                100             –    Research and
              Biotechnology               Chinese Mainland                                                              development and
              Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                manufacture of
                                                                                                                        pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                        products

         *     These entities are limited liability enterprises established under PRC law.




82   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

    These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
    (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of
    the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
    notes receivable. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the
    nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

    Basis of consolidation

    The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
    (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023. A subsidiary is an entity (including
    a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
    exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those
    returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the
    relevant activities of the investee).

    Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has
    less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
    circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

    (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

    (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

    (c) the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

    The financial information of the subsidiaries is prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
    consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
    obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

    Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent
    of the Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having
    a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
    transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

    The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
    changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of
    a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

    If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any
    non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
    retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
    recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
    the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               83
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

         The Group has adopted the following new and revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
         statements.

         IFRS 17                              Insurance Contracts
         Amendments to IAS 1 and              Disclosure of Accounting Policies
           IFRS Practice Statement 2
         Amendments to IAS 8                  Definition of Accounting Estimates
         Amendments to IAS 12                 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                 Single Transaction
         Amendments to IAS 12                 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules

         The nature and the impact of the new and revised IFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

         (a) Amendments to IAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than
             their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together
             with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence
             decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those
             financial statements. Amendments to IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements provide
             non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. The
             Group has disclosed the material accounting policy information in note 2 to the financial statements. The
             amendments did not have any impact on the measurement, recognition or presentation of any items in the
             Group’s financial statements.

         (b) Amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
             accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that
             are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement
             techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since the Group’s approach and policy align with
             the amendments, the amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         (c) Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
             narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in IAS 12 so that it no longer applies to transactions
             that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and decommissioning
             obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable
             profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions.

             Upon the application of the amendments, the Group has determined the temporary differences arising from
             right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately, which have been reflected in the reconciliation disclosed in
             note 25 to the financial statements. However, they did not have any material impact on the overall deferred
             tax balances presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as the related deferred tax
             balances qualified for offsetting under IAS 12.




84   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

    The nature and the impact of the new and revised IFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:
    (continued)

    (d) Amendments to IAS 12 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory temporary
        exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the
        Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The
        amendments also introduce disclosure requirements for the affected entities to help users of the financial
        statements better understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure of
        current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes separately in the periods when Pillar Two legislation is effective
        and the disclosure of known or reasonably estimable information of their exposure to Pillar Two income
        taxes in periods in which the legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect. The Group
        has applied the amendments retrospectively. Since the Group did not fall within the scope of the Pillar Two
        model rules, the amendments did not have any impact to the Group.

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS

    The Group has not applied the following revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these
    financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised IFRSs, if applicable, when they become effective.

    Amendments to IFRS 10 and                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
     IAS 28                                     Joint Venture3
    Amendments to IFRS 16                     Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
    Amendments to IAS 1                       Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                (the “2020 Amendments”)1
    Amendments to IAS 1                       Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)1
    Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7            Supplier Finance Arrangements1
    Amendments to IAS 21                      Lack of Exchangeability2

    1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
    2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
    3
        No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


    Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

    Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and in IAS
    28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The
    amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or
    contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business,
    a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the
    unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively.
    The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 was removed by the IASB.
    However, the amendments are available for adoption now.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                              SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        85
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
         STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

         Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising
         in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss
         that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1
         January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date
         of initial application of IFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
         expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including
         what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting
         period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer
         settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that
         only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the
         terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a
         liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting
         date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for
         non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the
         reporting period. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with early application permitted. An entity that
         applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa.
         The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements may
         require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any significant
         impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require
         additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to
         assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s
         liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. Earlier application of the amendments is permitted. The
         amendments provide certain transition reliefs regarding comparative information, quantitative information as at
         the beginning of the annual reporting period and interim disclosures. The amendments are not expected to have
         any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
         currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
         The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the
         impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments,
         an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments
         shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount
         of translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of
         initial application. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
         statements.




86   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    Fair value measurement

    The Group measures wealth management products investments at fair value at the end of each reporting period.
    Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
    between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption
    that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset
    or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The
    principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a
    liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
    assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

    A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
    economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
    would use the asset in its highest and best use.

    The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
    are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
    unobservable inputs.

    All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
    within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
    value measurement as a whole:

    Level 1   –    based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

    Level 2   –    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                   measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

    Level 3   –    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                   measurement is unobservable

    For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
    determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based
    on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting
    period.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               87
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Impairment of non-financial assets

         Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
         inventories, deferred tax assets and non-current assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s
         recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs
         of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are
         largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is
         determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

         In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a
         headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and
         consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

         An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
         assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
         discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
         asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories
         consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

         An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
         recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
         recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
         reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset,
         but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/
         amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an
         impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.




88   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Related parties

    A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

    (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

         (i)    has control or joint control over the Group;

         (ii)   has significant influence over the Group; or

         (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

    or

    (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

         (i)    the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

         (ii)   one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary
                of the other entity);

         (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

         (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

         (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
             related to the Group;

         (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

         (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
               personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

         (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services
                to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                             SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               89
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

         Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
         depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its
         purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for
         its intended use.

         Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs
         and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the
         recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of
         the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced
         at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
         accordingly.

         Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
         equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of property, plant and
         equipment are as follows:

         Buildings                                                                                           20 to 40 years
         Machinery and equipment                                                                              5 to 10 years
         Office equipment                                                                                      3 to 5 years

         Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
         allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful
         lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

         An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
         disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal
         or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net
         sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

         Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to
         the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




90   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Intangible assets

    Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
    acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets
    are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the
    useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may
    be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life
    are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

    Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-
    generating unit level, irrespective of whether there is any indication that they may be impaired. Such intangible
    assets are not amortised.

    Technology know-how

    Purchased technology know-how is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-
    line basis over its estimated useful life of 10 years, which is determined by the expected usage period after
    considering the technical obsolescence and estimates of useful lives of similar assets.

    Software

    Purchased software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over
    its estimated useful life of 9 to 10 years, which is determined by the expected usage period after considering the
    technical obsolescence and estimates of useful lives of similar assets.

    Research and development costs

    All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

    The expenditures on an internal research and development project are classified into expenditures in the
    research phase and expenditures in the development phase based on their nature and whether there is material
    uncertainty that the research and development activities can form an intangible asset at end of the project.

    Expenditure in the development phase is capitalised and deferred if, and only if, all of the following have been
    demonstrated: (i) the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
    sale; (ii) the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it; (iii) the ability to use or sell the intangible
    asset; (iv) how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits; (v) the availability of adequate
    technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the intangible asset; and (vi)
    its ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development. Product
    development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                            SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 91
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Intangible assets (continued)

         Research and development costs (continued)

         The specific criteria for the capitalisation of development costs are as follows:

         As for biosimilar products, expenditures incurred after the commencement of Phase III clinical trial for the
         medicines are capitalised and recognised as assets when the above six criteria are met.

         As for innovative products, expenditures incurred after obtaining the new drug application approval from the drug
         regulatory organisation are capitalised and recognised as assets when the above six criteria are met.

         Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-
         line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding twenty years, commencing from the
         date when the regulatory and marketing approval is received, which is determined based on the management’s
         expectation of the period over which the deferred development assets are expected to be available for use by
         the Group, by considering product life cycles for the asset, the estimates of useful lives of similar products and
         the market condition.

         Leases

         The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
         a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
         for consideration.

         Group as a lessee

         The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases
         and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use
         assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.




92   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Leases (continued)

    Group as a lessee (continued)

    (a) Right-of-use assets

        Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
        asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and
        any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
        includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at
        or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
        on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as
        follows:

        Leasehold land                                                                                      38 years
        Laboratory and office premises                                                                 1.5 to 5 years
        Machinery and equipment                                                                        1.5 to 5 years

        If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
        exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

    (b) Lease liabilities

        Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
        payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
        substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on
        an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments
        also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and
        payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to
        terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as
        an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

        In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
        lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
        the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and
        reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if
        there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future
        lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to
        purchase the underlying asset.

    (c) Short-term leases

        The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery
        and equipment and buildings (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
        commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are
        recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.



ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             93
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Investments and other financial assets

         Initial recognition and measurement

         Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
         through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

         The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
         characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
         do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of
         not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its
         fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade
         receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
         expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set
         out for “Revenue recognition” below.

         In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
         comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
         (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
         and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

         The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order
         to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual
         cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are
         held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows,
         while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within
         a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets
         which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through
         profit or loss.

         Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
         regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
         commits to purchase or sell the asset.

         Subsequent measurement

         The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

         Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
         subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified
         or impaired.




94   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Investments and other financial assets (continued)

    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

    For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
    revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in profit or loss and computed in the same manner
    as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in other
    comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive
    income is recycled to profit or loss.

    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
    with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

    Derecognition of financial assets

    A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
    primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

    •   the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

    •   the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay
        the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement;
        and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group
        has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred
        control of the asset.

    When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
    arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.
    When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred
    control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s
    continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset
    and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has
    retained.

    Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
    of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be
    required to repay.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              95
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Impairment of financial assets

         The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
         fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
         in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
         approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale
         of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

         General approach

         ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
         credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
         possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
         significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
         over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

         At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
         significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
         occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
         instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is
         available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
         that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 90 days past
         due.

         The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due. The Group
         has rebutted the 90 days past due presumption of default based on reasonable and supportable information,
         including the Group’s credit risk control practices and the historical recovery rate of financial assets over 90
         days past due. However, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
         information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
         taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

         For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the low credit risk
         simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt investments are considered to have
         low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In
         making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the external credit ratings of the debt investments. It is the Group’s
         policy to measure ECLs on such instruments on a 12-month basis. However, when there has been a significant
         increase in credit risk of debt investments since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime ECL.

         A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.




96   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Impairment of financial assets (continued)

    General approach (continued)

    Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost
    are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
    measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

    Stage 1 –      Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and
                   for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
    Stage 2 –      Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that
                   are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
                   equal to lifetime ECLs
    Stage 3 –      Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                   originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                   lifetime ECLs

    Simplified approach

    For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the
    practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the
    simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in
    credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group
    has established a provision matrix that is based on market historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-
    looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

    Financial liabilities

    Initial recognition and measurement

    Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans
    and borrowings, or payables, as appropriate.

    All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables,
    net of directly attributable transaction costs.

    The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and notes payables, other payables and accruals, interest-bearing
    bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and amounts due to related parties.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                               SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   97
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Financial liabilities (continued)

         Subsequent measurement

         The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)

         After initial recognition, trade and notes payables, other payables and interest-bearing borrowings are
         subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of
         discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit
         or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

         Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
         that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance
         costs in profit or loss.

         Derecognition of financial liabilities

         A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

         When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
         or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a
         derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective
         carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

         Offsetting of financial instruments

         Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
         position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
         settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

         Inventories

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average
         basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an
         appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated
         costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.




98   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Cash and cash equivalents

    Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks and short-
    term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known
    amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-
    term cash commitments.

    For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand
    and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand
    and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

    Income tax

    Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
    recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

    Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
    taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
    end of each reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in
    which the Group operates.

    Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on temporary differences at the end of each reporting period
    between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

    Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

    •   where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
        transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
        accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
        differences; and

    •   in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
        when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the
        temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           99
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Income tax (continued)

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused
          tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
          taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
          unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

          •   when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition
              of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction,
              affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and
              deductible temporary differences; and

          •   in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
              deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will
              reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences
              can be utilised.

          The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
          extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
          tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and
          are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all
          or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
          the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
          substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

          Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to
          set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to
          income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities
          which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the
          liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are
          expected to be settled or recovered.

          Government grants

          Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
          be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item,
          it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
          compensate, are expensed.




100   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Revenue recognition

    Revenue from contracts with customers

    Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
    customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
    those goods or services.

    When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
    which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable
    consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant
    revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty
    with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

    When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
    financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the
    present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate
    financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a
    financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue
    recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective
    interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the
    promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant
    financing component, using the practical expedient in IFRS 15.

    (a) Sale of products

        Revenue from the sale of products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred
        to the customer, generally on acceptance of the products.

    (b) Provision of research and development services

        Revenue from the provision of research and development services is recognised over time, using an
        output method to measure progress by using services transferred to the customer to date, because the
        Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
        enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

    Other income

    Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
    exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter
    period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              101
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Contract liabilities

          A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
          customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue
          when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the
          customer).

          Contract costs

          Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
          costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

          (a) The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

          (b) The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
              satisfy) performance obligations in the future.

          (c) The costs are expected to be recovered.

          The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent
          with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other contract costs are
          expensed as incurred.

          Share-based payments

          The Company operates a share-based payment scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive
          remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity
          instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured
          by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external
          valuer using the back-solve method and equity value allocation based on the option pricing model, further details
          of which are given in note 28 to the financial statements.

          The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in expenses, together with a corresponding increase in
          equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense
          recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects
          the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity
          instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in
          the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.




102   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Share-based payments (continued)

    Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
    value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate
    of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected
    within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service
    requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value
    of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance
    conditions.

    For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not
    been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions
    are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all
    other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

    Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the
    terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised
    for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to
    the employee as measured at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated
    as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised
    immediately. This includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the
    employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a
    replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a
    modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

    Other employee benefits

    Pension schemes

    Contributions made to the government retirement benefit fund under defined contribution retirement plans are
    charged to profit or loss as incurred. The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the
    laws of the countries in which it has operations.

    The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese Mainland are required to participate in
    central pension schemes operated by the local municipal government and the central government, respectively.
    These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll costs to the central pension
    schemes. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of
    the central pension schemes.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             103
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Borrowing costs

          All borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest
          and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

          Dividends

          Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.

          Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Interim dividends are
          simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s articles of association grant the directors the
          authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability
          when they are proposed and declared.

          Foreign currencies

          The financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency. Each entity in the
          Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are
          measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group
          are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
          Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates
          of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary
          items are recognised in profit or loss.

          Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
          exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
          currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss
          arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the
          gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is
          recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or
          profit or loss, respectively).

          In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
          derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date
          of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary
          liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group
          determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.




104   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Foreign currencies (continued)

    The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than RMB. As at the end of
    the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates
    prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the
    exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The resulting exchange
    differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve,
    except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of a foreign
    operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit
    or loss.

    For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
    translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows
    of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average
    exchange rates for the year.

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

    The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
    and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
    accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and
    estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets
    or liabilities affected in the future.

    Judgements

    In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
    apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
    financial statements:

    Research and development costs

    All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred. Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new
    products is capitalised and deferred in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development
    costs in note 2.4 to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires management
    to make assumptions and judgements regarding to technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset, future
    economic benefits and so forth.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             105
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

          Estimation uncertainty

          The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
          reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
          and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

          Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

          The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on
          ageing period for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.

          The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
          the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast
          economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of
          defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical
          observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

          The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and
          ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
          economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also
          not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s
          trade receivables is disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

          Impairment of non-financial assets

          The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the
          right-of-use assets) at the end of the reporting period. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or not yet
          available for use are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an indicator exists. Other
          non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be
          recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its
          recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation
          of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s
          length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset.
          When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from
          the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of
          those cash flows.




106   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

    For management purposes, the Group is not organised into business units based on their products and only
    has one reportable operating segment. Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s operating
    segment as a whole for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.

    Geographical information

    (a) Revenue from external customers

        All external revenue of the Group during the year was attributable to customers in Chinese Mainland.

    (b) Non-current assets

                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


        Chinese Mainland                                                                          1,602,155            1,354,914
        Other countries                                                                               8,224                  970


        Total non-current assets                                                                  1,610,379            1,355,884


        The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets.

    Information about major customers

    Revenue from each major customer which accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the year is
    set out below:

                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


    Customer A                                                                                      188,433              191,396
    Customer B                                                                                      146,397                  N/A*
    Customer C                                                                                       73,993               59,005
    Customer D                                                                                         N/A*               66,730

    *   The corresponding revenue of the customer is not disclosed as the revenue individually did not account for 10% or more of the
        Group’s revenue during the year.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                              SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   107
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

          An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


          Revenue from contracts with customers                                            618,129           515,960


          Revenue from contracts with customers

          (a) Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


              Types of goods or services
              Sale of products                                                             615,272           515,960
              Provision of research and development services                                 2,857                 –


              Total                                                                        618,129           515,960


              Timing of revenue recognition
              Goods transferred at a point in time                                         615,272           515,960
              Services transferred over time                                                 2,857                 –


              Total                                                                        618,129           515,960


              Geographical markets

              All of the Group’s revenue was generated from customers located in Chinese Mainland during the year.

              The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were
              included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


              Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
                at the beginning of the reporting period:
              Sale of products                                                                6,081             1,290
              Provision of research and development services                                    943                 –


              Total                                                                           7,024             1,290




108   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

    Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

    (b) Performance obligations

        Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

        Sale of products

        The performance obligation is satisfied upon acceptance of the goods and payment is generally due within
        one month to three months.

        Provision of research and development services

        The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally due
        within 30 days from the date of billing.

                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


        Other income and gains
        Government grants*                                                                        25,768              16,301
        Bank interest income                                                                       1,159               5,568
        Foreign exchange gain, net                                                                     –               2,381
        Others                                                                                       727                  98


        Total other income and gains                                                              27,654              24,348

        *   The government grants mainly represent subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s
            research and development activities and operation. During the year, government grants amounting to RMB200,000 (2022:
            RMB5,800,000) were released from deferred government grants (note 23).




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                           SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 109
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      6. LOSS BEFORE TAX

          The Group’s loss before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                          Notes                RMB’000                RMB’000


          Cost of inventories sold                                                                               195,723               159,891
          Cost of services provided                                                                                  428                     –
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                           51,454                47,910
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                      5,861                 7,389
          Amortisation of intangible assets*                                                                      25,451                17,536
          Research and development costs                                                                         230,682               400,338
          Lease payments not included in the measurement of
             lease liabilities                                                             14(c)                    4,128                  4,491
          Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                    2,736                  2,217
          Listing expenses                                                                                              –                43,138
          Write-down of inventories to net realisable value**                                                      13,010                  1,839
          Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                         3,006                 (2,381)
          Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                                    –                     16
          Government grants                                                                                       (25,768)              (16,301)
          (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of trade receivables, net                     17                        (26)                    26
          Bank interest income                                                                                     (1,159)                (5,568)
          Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’,
             chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration (note 8)):
             Wages and salaries                                                                                    92,274                90,435
             Pension scheme contributions***                                                                       21,076                18,595
             Staff welfare expenses                                                                                 5,939                 4,509
             Share-based payment expense                                                                            9,617                 8,610


          Total                                                                                                  128,906               122,149

          *     The amortisation of technology know-how and software is included in “Research and development costs” in the consolidated
                statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The amortisation of deferred development costs is included in “Cost
                of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

          **    The write-down of inventories to net realisable value is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                and other comprehensive income.

          ***   There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




110   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




7. FINANCE COSTS

    An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


    Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                   12,276             12,079
    Interest on lease liabilities (note 14(b))                                                 361                416
    Interest on discounted notes receivable                                                  1,450                912


    Total                                                                                   14,087             13,407


8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION

    Directors’, chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules,
    section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure
    of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                              Group
                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


    Fees                                                                                       300                300


    Other emoluments:
      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              5,951              5,775
      Performance related bonuses                                                            2,377              1,858
      Pension scheme contributions                                                             496                332
      Share-based payment expense                                                           11,023              9,869


    Subtotal                                                                                19,847             17,834


    Total                                                                                   20,147             18,134


    In prior years, certain directors were granted equity interests in respect of their services to the Group, further
    details of which are set out in note 28 to the financial statements. The fair value of the equity interests granted,
    which has been recognised in profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and
    the amounts included in the financial statements for the current year is included in the above directors’, chief
    executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration disclosures.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             111
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)

          Directors

          (a) Independent non-executive directors

              The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


              Professor Shi Luwen                                                                 100              100
              Mr. Dai Jixiong                                                                     100              100
              Dr. Yu Jialin                                                                       100                8
              Mr. Liu Zhengjun                                                                      –               92


              Total                                                                               300              300


              In November 2022, Mr. Liu Zhengjun resigned and in December 2022, Dr. Yu Jialin was appointed as an
              independent non-executive director.

              There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2022:
              Nil).




112   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)

    Directors (continued)

    (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive

                                          Salaries,
                                         bonuses,     Performance          Pension    Share-based
                                   allowances and           related        scheme        payment           Total
                                   benefits in kind       bonuses     contributions       expense   remuneration
                                         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


        2023

        Executive directors:
        Ms. Jiang Hua*                       2,233           1,172             122          4,166          7,693
        Dr. Dou Changlin                     3,538           1,175             317          2,951          7,981


        Subtotal                             5,771           2,347             439          7,117         15,674

        Non-executive directors:
        Dr. Li Youxin                            –               –               –            651            651
        Ms. Li Li                                –               –               –          1,519          1,519
        Mr. Liu Yuanchong                        –               –               –          1,736          1,736
        Mr. Chen Jie                             –               –               –              –              –


        Subtotal                                 –               –               –          3,906          3,906

        Total                                5,771           2,347             439         11,023         19,580


        Mr. Chen Jie resigned as a non-executive director in December 2023.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        113
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)

          Directors (continued)

          (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive (continued)

                                                          Salaries,
                                                         bonuses,       Performance             Pension    Share-based
                                                   allowances and             related           scheme         payment          Total
                                                   benefits in kind         bonuses        contributions       expense   remuneration
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


              2022

              Executive directors:
              Ms. Jiang Hua*                                2,229                698                118          3,730         6,775
              Dr. Dou Changlin                              3,386              1,128                169          2,642         7,325


              Subtotal                                      5,615              1,826                287          6,372        14,100

              Non-executive directors:
              Dr. Li Youxin                                      –                 –                  –            583           583
              Ms. Li Li                                          –                 –                  –          1,360         1,360
              Mr. Liu Yuanchong                                  –                 –                  –          1,554         1,554
              Mr. Chen Jie                                       –                 –                  –              –             –


              Subtotal                                           –                 –                  –          3,497         3,497

              Total                                         5,615              1,826                287          9,869        17,597

              *       Ms. Jiang Hua was appointed as the chief executive of the Company.




114   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)

    Supervisors

                                       Salaries,
                                      bonuses,     Performance          Pension     Share-based
                                allowances and           related        scheme         payment             Total
                                benefits in kind       bonuses     contributions        expense     remuneration
                                      RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


    2023

    Ms. Zhang Xiaomei                         –               –               –                –               –
    Ms. Ning Xia                            180              30              57                –             267
    Ms. Liu Xiangjie                          –               –               –                –               –


    Total                                   180              30              57                –             267


    2022

    Ms. Zhang Xiaomei                         –               –               –                –               –
    Ms. Ning Xia                            160              32              45                –             237
    Ms. Liu Xiangjie                          –               –               –                –               –


    Total                                   160              32              45                –             237


    There was no arrangement under which a director, a supervisor or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive
    any remuneration during the year.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           115
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

          The five highest paid employees during the year included one director and the chief executive (2022: one director
          and the chief executive), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration
          of the remaining three (2022: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the
          Company are as follows:

                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


          Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                 5,754              4,793
          Performance related bonuses                                                               1,912              1,570
          Pension scheme contributions                                                                223                276
          Share-based payment expense                                                               3,880              3,668


          Total                                                                                    11,769             10,307


          The numbers of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the
          following bands are as follows:

                                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                                  2023            2022


          HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                   –                  1
          HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                   2                  1
          HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                                   1                  1


          Total                                                                                          3                  3



          In prior years, equity interests were granted to certain non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
          employees in respect of their services to the Group, further details of which are set out in note 28 to the financial
          statements. The fair value of the equity interests granted, which has been recognised in profit or loss over the
          vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements
          for the current year are included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
          remuneration disclosures.




116   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




10. INCOME TAX

    The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in
    which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

    The provision for current income tax in Chinese Mainland is based on a statutory tax rate of 25% of the assessable
    profits of the PRC subsidiary of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax
    Law. During the year, the Company was accredited as a High and New Technology Enterprise and was entitled
    to a preferential income tax rate of 15% in 2023 (2022: 15%).

    Pursuant to the relevant tax laws of Singapore, the subsidiary which operates in Singapore was subject to
    corporate income tax at the rate of 17% (2022: 17%) on the taxable income.

    Pursuant to the relevant tax laws of the USA, federal corporation income tax was levied at the rate of 21% (2022:
    21%) on the taxable income arising in the USA.

    A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to loss before tax using the statutory tax rate of the jurisdiction
    in which the majority of the Group’s subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rate is as
    follows:

                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


    Loss before tax                                                                       (119,377)          (331,749)


    Tax charged at the statutory tax rate of 25%                                           (29,844)           (82,937)
    Effect of different tax rates enacted by local authorities                                 780                124
    Effect of preferential income tax rate enacted by local authority                        8,284             29,661
    Additional deductible allowance for research and development costs                     (30,538)           (58,005)
    Expenses not deductible for tax                                                            251                 27
    Deemed income subject to tax                                                                 –              1,132
    Deductible temporary differences and tax losses not recognised                          51,067           109,998


    Tax charge at the Group’s effective tax rate                                                  –                  –


11. DIVIDENDS

    No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during year (2022: Nil).

12. LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
    PARENT

    The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the year attributable to ordinary equity
    holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 509,278,094 (2022: 498,612,595)
    in issue during the year.

    The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2023 and
    2022.


ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             117
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                           Machinery
                                                                 and         Office    Construction
                                              Buildings    equipment     equipment      in progress       Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


          31 December 2023

          At 1 January 2023:
            Cost                               121,379        553,911         9,297          40,799       725,386
            Accumulated depreciation            (8,110)      (142,757)       (2,427)              –      (153,294)


            Net carrying amount                113,269       411,154          6,870          40,799       572,092


          At 1 January 2023,
            net of accumulated depreciation    113,269       411,154          6,870          40,799       572,092
          Additions                              5,001        45,980            905          52,374       104,260
          Depreciation provided
            during the year                      (4,067)      (55,408)       (1,460)              –       (60,935)
          Transfers                                   –        15,712             –         (15,712)            –


          At 31 December 2023,
            net of accumulated depreciation    114,203       417,438          6,315          77,461       615,417


          At 31 December 2023:
            Cost                               126,380        615,608       10,202           77,461       829,651
            Accumulated depreciation           (12,177)      (198,170)      (3,887)               –      (214,234)


            Net carrying amount                114,203       417,438          6,315          77,461       615,417




118   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                     Machinery
                                                           and         Office    Construction
                                        Buildings    equipment     equipment      in progress       Total
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


    31 December 2022

    At 1 January 2022:
      Cost                               121,211      461,986           8,011         12,442      603,650
      Accumulated depreciation             (4,047)     (93,585)        (1,176)             –       (98,808)


      Net carrying amount                117,164      368,401          6,835          12,442      504,842


    At 1 January 2022,
      net of accumulated depreciation    117,164      368,401          6,835          12,442      504,842
    Additions                                168       58,104          1,289          62,240      121,801
    Disposals                                  –           (14)            (2)             –           (16)
    Depreciation provided
      during the year                      (4,063)     (49,220)        (1,252)             –       (54,535)
    Transfers                                   –       33,883              –        (33,883)            –


    At 31 December 2022,
      net of accumulated depreciation    113,269      411,154          6,870          40,799      572,092


    At 31 December 2022:
      Cost                               121,379       553,911          9,297         40,799       725,386
      Accumulated depreciation             (8,110)    (142,757)        (2,427)             –      (153,294)


      Net carrying amount                113,269      411,154          6,870          40,799      572,092


    At 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment with a net carrying amount of
    approximately RMB266,098,000 (2022: RMB183,565,000) were pledged to secure bank and other borrowings
    (note 22).




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       119
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      14. LEASES

          The Group as a lessee

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of laboratory and office premises, and machinery and equipment
          used in its operations. Lump sum payment was made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owner with a
          lease period of 38 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of the land lease. Leases of
          laboratory, machinery and equipment generally have lease terms between 2 and 5 years. Other equipment and
          office premises generally have lease terms of 12 months or less. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning
          and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

          (a) Right-of-use assets

              The carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                         Laboratory         Machinery
                                                       Leasehold          and office              and
                                                            land           premises         equipment             Total
                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


              At 1 January 2022                              4,424              8,247             4,047            16,718
              Additions                                          –                  –             2,272              2,272
              Depreciation charge                             (111)            (4,943)           (3,506)            (8,560)
              Exchange realignment                               –                104                68                172


              At 31 December 2022 and
                1 January 2023                               4,313             3,408              2,881            10,602
              Additions                                          –             8,717                  –             8,717
              Depreciation charge                             (111)           (4,628)            (2,551)           (7,290)
              Reduction as a result of
                lease modifications                              –                  –              (330)             (330)
              Exchange realignment                               –                 (6)                –                (6)


              At 31 December 2023                            4,202             7,491                  –            11,693


              At 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets with a net carrying amount of
              approximately RMB4,202,000 (2022: RMB4,313,000) were pledged to secure bank loans (note 22).




120   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




14. LEASES (CONTINUED)

    The Group as a lessee (continued)

    (b) Lease liabilities

        The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                               2023          2022
                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000


        Carrying amount at 1 January                                                             8,384     14,523
        New leases                                                                               8,717       2,272
        Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                           361         416
        Payments                                                                                (7,386)     (9,021)
        Reduction as a result of lease modifications                                              (330)          –
        Exchange realignment                                                                        (4)        194


        Carrying amount at 31 December                                                          9,742       8,384


        Analysed into:
          Current portion                                                                       3,567       8,384
          Non-current portion                                                                   6,175           –


        The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 34 to the financial statements.

    (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                               2023          2022
                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000


        Interest on lease liabilities                                                             361         416
        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                              5,861       7,389
        Expense relating to short-term leases (included in cost of sales,
           research and development costs and administrative expenses)                          4,128       4,491


        Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                              10,350      12,296


    (d) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 29(c) to the financial statements.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      121
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                     Deferred
                                                  Technology     development
                                                   know-how             costs    Software        Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


          31 December 2023

          Cost at 1 January 2023,
            net of accumulated amortisation             4,500        726,904         101         731,505
          Addition                                          –        245,904           7         245,911
          Amortisation provided during the year        (3,600)       (23,300)        (12)        (26,912)


          At 31 December 2023                            900         949,508          96         950,504


          At 31 December 2023:
            Cost                                      36,000         997,660         116       1,033,776
            Accumulated amortisation                 (35,100)        (48,152)        (20)        (83,272)


            Net carrying amount                          900         949,508          96         950,504


          31 December 2022

          Cost at 1 January 2022,
            net of accumulated amortisation             8,100        557,871          31         566,002
          Addition                                          –        184,510          74         184,584
          Amortisation provided during the year        (3,600)        (15,477)         (4)        (19,081)


          At 31 December 2022                          4,500         726,904         101         731,505


          At 31 December 2022:
            Cost                                       36,000        751,756         109         787,865
            Accumulated amortisation                  (31,500)        (24,852)         (8)        (56,360)


            Net carrying amount                        4,500         726,904         101         731,505




122   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

    Impairment testing of deferred development costs

    The intangible assets of the Group include the deferred development costs which are the expenditure incurred in
    the development phase of each project. The management of the Company tests the deferred development costs
    which are not yet available for use for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that the
    unit may be impaired, by comparing their carrying amounts with their recoverable amounts.

    The recoverable amounts of the deferred development costs were determined based on the value in use. The
    value in use of the deferred development costs was determined by using the risk-adjusted net present value
    method through taking into account the possibility of success, using cash flow projections based on financial
    budgets approved by the management of the Company covering twelve to sixteen years which consist of
    development periods of one to two years, growth and mature periods of five to nine years and fast-declining
    periods of five years, reflecting the periods before reaching a perpetual growth mode. Considering it generally
    takes longer for a biotechnology company to reach a perpetual growth mode compared to companies in other
    industries and taking into account of the expected timing of commercialisation, market size and penetration of
    related products, the management of the Company prepared the financial forecasts up to the year of 2038 in the
    impairment tests. Other key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations are listed as follows:

                                                                                            2023               2022


    Discount rate                                                                            14%               14%
    Budgeted gross margin                                                                    86%               86%
    Terminal growth rate                                                                     –3%               –3%

    Discount rate – The discount rate used is before tax and reflect specific risks relating to deferred development
    costs.

    Budgeted gross margin – The basis used to determine the value assigned to budgeted gross margin is the
    market gross margins where the biopharmaceuticals are located, taking into account the expected efficiency
    improvements and expected market development.

    Terminal growth rate – The terminal growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the forecast period is
    based on the estimate to the life cycle of biosimilars and the characteristics of biopharmaceuticals.

    The values assigned to the key assumptions are consistent with historical experience of the Group and external
    information sources.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            123
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

          Impairment testing of deferred development costs (continued)

          The recoverable amounts of deferred development costs and the carrying amounts of each project are listed as
          follows:

                                                                    Recoverable          Carrying
                                                                       amounts           amounts         Headroom
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


          2023

          BA1102                                                         562,451           177,708          384,743
          BA9101                                                         169,847           140,545           29,302
          BA5101                                                       1,132,032            80,116        1,051,916
          BA6101 overseas                                                788,301            65,496          722,805
          BA1102 overseas                                                433,013            30,412          402,601
          BA1104                                                         804,717            40,699          764,018


          Total                                                        3,890,361           534,976        3,355,385


          2022

          BA1102                                                         181,740           144,955           36,785
          BA9101                                                         145,153           114,757           30,396
          BA5101                                                         816,325            16,460          799,865
          BA6101 overseas                                                155,470             9,063          146,407


          Total                                                        1,298,688           285,235        1,013,453


      16. INVENTORIES

                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


          Raw materials                                                                     67,429           96,128
          Work in progress                                                                  44,443           19,336
          Finished goods                                                                    53,419           28,053
          Contract costs – Costs to fulfil contracts                                             –              117


          Total                                                                            165,291          143,634




124   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




17. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


    Trade receivables                                                                      213,199           162,623
    Notes receivable                                                                        62,996            49,527


                                                                                           276,195           212,150
    Impairment                                                                                   –                (26)


    Net carrying amount                                                                    276,195           212,124


    The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally one to three
    months, depending on the specific payment terms in each contract. The Group seeks to maintain strict control
    over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances
    are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade
    receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk.
    The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade
    receivables are non-interest-bearing.

    Included in the Group’s trade receivables is an amount due from a related party of RMB554,000 (2022:
    RMB661,000), which is repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group.

    At 31 December 2023, notes receivable of RMB62,996,000 (2022: RMB49,527,000) whose fair values
    approximated to their carrying values were classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
    income under IFRS 9. The fair value changes of these notes receivable at fair value through other comprehensive
    income were insignificant.

    An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and
    net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


    Within 3 months                                                                        206,276           161,868
    3 to 6 months                                                                            5,730               709
    6 to 12 months                                                                           1,193                 –
    1 to 2 years                                                                                 –                20


    Total                                                                                  213,199           162,597




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             125
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      17. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

          The movement in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


          At beginning of year                                                                         26                –
          Impairment losses, net                                                                      (26)              26


          At end of year                                                                                –               26

          An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit
          losses. The provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss
          patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and
          supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts
          of future economic conditions. Generally, trade receivables are written off if past due for more than one year and
          are not subject to enforcement activity.

          Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision
          matrix:

          As at 31 December 2023

                                                                               Within          1 year to
                                                                               1 year            2 years             Total


          Expected credit loss rate                                           0.00%             50.00%             0.00%
          Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                                    213,199                 –            213,199
          Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                         –                 –                  –

          As at 31 December 2022

                                                                               Within          1 year to
                                                                               1 year           2 years               Total


          Expected credit loss rate                                           0.00%               56.52%           0.02%
          Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                                    162,577                   46         162,623
          Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                         –                   26              26

          At 31 December 2023, the Group endorsed certain notes receivable accepted by banks in the PRC (the “Endorsed
          Notes”) to its suppliers in order to settle the trade and other payables due to such suppliers with a carrying
          amount in aggregate of RMB25,497,000 (2022: RMB13,666,000) (the “Endorsement”). In addition, the Group
          discounted certain notes receivable accepted by banks in the PRC (the “Discounted Notes”) to banks to finance
          its operating cash flows with a carrying amount in aggregate of RMB200,919,000 (2022: RMB54,008,000) (the
          “Discount”). The Endorsed Notes and the Discounted Notes had a maturity from one to twelve months as at
          the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments and relevant discounting
          arrangements with the certain banks in the PRC, the holders of the Endorsed Notes and the Discounted Notes
          have a right of recourse against the Group if that certain banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”).




126   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




17. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

    In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to
    certain Endorsed Notes and Discounted Notes with amounts of RMB11,191,000 (2022: RMB10,340,000)
    and RMB177,001,000 (2022: RMB31,076,000), respectively, accepted by large and reputable banks (the
    “Derecognised Notes”). Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Notes.
    The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Notes and the
    undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Notes is equal to their carrying amounts. In the
    opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Notes are not
    significant.

    For the remaining Endorsed Notes and the Discounted Notes, the directors believe that the Group has retained
    the substantial risks and rewards, which include default risks relating to such Endorsed Notes and Discounted
    Notes, and accordingly, it continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of the Endorsed Notes and the
    Discounted Notes. Subsequent to the Endorsement or the Discount, the Group did not retain any rights on
    the use of the Endorsed Notes or the Discounted Notes, including the sale, transfer or pledge of the Endorsed
    Notes or the Discounted Notes to any other third parties. At 31 December 2023, the aggregate carrying amount
    of the trade and other payables settled by such Endorsed Notes to which the suppliers have recourse was
    RMB14,306,000 (2022: RMB3,326,000), and the aggregate carrying amount financed by such Discounted Notes
    to which the banks have recourse was RMB23,918,000 (2022: RMB22,932,000).

18. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


    Prepayments                                                                           37,710             31,238
    Value-added tax recoverable                                                           15,750             11,555
    Other receivables                                                                      1,171              3,057
    Other current assets                                                                   2,750              4,409


    Total                                                                                 57,381             50,259


    The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of
    default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the loss allowance of the Group was assessed
    to be minimal and the expected credit loss rate for other receivables was close to zero.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            127
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      19. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS

                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


          Cash and bank balances                                                            164,140           240,658
          Time deposits                                                                      50,000           200,000


          Subtotal                                                                          214,140           440,658

          Less:
            Pledged deposits for notes payable (note 20)                                     (12,290)           (7,160)
            Pledged deposits for bank loans (note 22)                                              –         (200,000)


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                         201,850           233,498


          Denominated in:
            RMB                                                                             199,958            70,424
            United States dollar (“US$”)                                                      1,694               949
            Singapore dollar (“SG$”)                                                            168               231
            Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”)                                                             30           161,894


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                         201,850           233,498


          The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Chinese Mainland’s Foreign Exchange
          Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations,
          the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign
          exchange business.

          Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits are
          made for varying periods of between one day and twelve months depending on the immediate cash requirements
          of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank balances and pledged
          deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.




128   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




20. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES

                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


    Trade payables                                                                       185,691          153,043
    Notes payable                                                                         31,881            7,160


    Total                                                                                217,572          160,203


    An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
    follows:

                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


    Within 3 months                                                                      120,678          108,565
    3 to 6 months                                                                         30,234           32,827
    6 to 12 months                                                                        27,828            9,482
    1 to 2 years                                                                           4,999            1,462
    Over 2 years                                                                           1,952              707


    Total                                                                                185,691          153,043


    Trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

    The maturity of notes payable is within six months.

    At 31 December 2023, notes payable were secured by certain of the deposits amounting to approximately
    RMB12,290,000 (2022: RMB7,160,000) (note 19).




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           129
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      21. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                      Notes       RMB’000          RMB’000


          Payroll payables                                                                          26,303           35,366
          Other payables                                                               (a)          53,636           15,279
          Taxes payable other than income tax                                                        5,678           11,843
          Accrued promotion expenses                                                               141,501          127,629
          Accrued listing expenses                                                                       –            7,286
          Contract liabilities                                                         (b)          12,346            7,024


          Total                                                                                    239,464          204,427

          Notes:

          (a)   Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

          (b)   Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                   31 December   31 December        1 January
                                                                                          2023          2022            2022
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


                Short-term advances received from customers
                Sale of products                                                        12,346         6,081           1,290
                Provision of research and development services                               –           943               –


                Total                                                                   12,346         7,024           1,290


                Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver products and render research and
                development services. The increase in contract liabilities in 2023 and 2022 was mainly due to the increase in
                short-term advances received from customers in relation to the sale of products.




130   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




22. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                 Interest rate (%)     Maturity        RMB’000            RMB’000


    Current
    Bank overdrafts – secured                                  –     On demand                    –            155
    Bank loans – secured                         1-year LPR+0.85          2024               62,066         30,041
    Current portion of long-term
      bank loans – secured                       5-year LPR+0.05          2024               50,273         30,319
    Current portion of long-term other
      borrowings – secured                                   5.10         2024               31,676              –
    Discounted notes receivable                         1.14–2.20         2024               23,824         22,824


    Total – current                                                                         167,839         83,339


    Non-current
    Bank loans – secured                         5-year LPR+0.05     2025–2026              160,000        210,000
    Long-term other
      borrowings – secured                                   5.10    2025–2026               68,324               –


    Total – non-current                                                                     228,324        210,000


    Total                                                                                   396,163        293,339


    Analysed into:
      Bank loans and
        other borrowings repayable:
        Within one year                                                                     167,839         83,339
        In the second year                                                                  103,287         50,000
        In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                              125,037        160,000


    Total                                                                                   396,163        293,339


    The Group’s bank loans and other borrowings are denominated in RMB and are secured by:

    (i)    mortgages over the Group’s property, plant and equipment, which had a net carrying value at the end of the
           reporting period of approximately RMB266,098,000 (2022: RMB183,565,000) (note 13);

    (ii)   mortgages over the Group’s right-of-use assets, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting
           period of RMB4,202,000 (2022: RMB4,313,000) (note 14); and

    (iii) the pledge of the Group’s time deposit of nil (2022: RMB200,000,000) (note 19).

    In addition, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, and Yantai Luye, shareholder of
    Shandong Luye, have guaranteed the bank loans and other borrowings as at 31 December 2023 (note 31(b)).



ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           131
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      23. GOVERNMENT GRANTS

                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


          At beginning of year                                                                         –              1,800
          Grants received during the year                                                          3,200              4,000
          Amounts released to profit or loss                                                        (200)            (5,800)


          At end of year                                                                           3,000                   –


          The grants were related to the subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s
          research and development activities with conditions to fulfil. The grants were recognised in profit or loss when the
          conditions were met.

      24. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

          The Group entered into collaboration agreements with OcuMension Therapeutics (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.
          (“OcuMension”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to conduct certain initial stages of the Phase 3 clinical
          trial and commercial production and to obtain the biologic licence application of BA9101 and OcuMension
          agreed to complete the rest of Phase 3 clinical trial and to promote and commercialise BA9101 in Chinese
          Mainland. Other non-current liabilities represent the considerations received for the collaboration arrangement.

      25. DEFERRED TAX

          The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

          Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                              Right-of-use
                                                                                                                    assets
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


          At 31 December 2022                                                                                             –
          Effect of adoption of amendments to IAS 12 (note 2.2(c))                                                      990


          At 1 January 2023 (restated)                                                                                  990
          Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year                                                        879


          Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2023                                                          1,869




132   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




25. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

    Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                         2023
                                                                                                       Lease
                                                                                                    liabilities
                                                                                                    RMB’000


    At 31 December 2022                                                                                     –
    Effect of adoption of amendments to IAS 12 (note 2.2(c))                                              990


    At 1 January 2023 (restated)                                                                          990
    Deferred tax credited to profit or loss during the year                                               879


    Gross deferred tax assets at 31 December 2023                                                       1,869


    Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                         2022
                                                                                                  Right-of-use
                                                                                                        assets
                                                                                                     RMB’000


    At 31 December 2021                                                                                     –
    Effect of adoption of amendments to IAS 12 (note 2.2(c))                                            2,271


    At 1 January 2022 (restated)                                                                        2,271
    Deferred tax credited to profit or loss during the year (restated)                                 (1,281)


    Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2022 (restated)                                         990




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    133
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      25. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

          The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)

          Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                                        2022
                                                                                                              Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                  RMB’000


          At 31 December 2021                                                                                               –
          Effect of adoption of amendments to IAS 12 (note 2.2(c))                                                      2,271


          At 1 January 2022 (restated)                                                                                  2,271
          Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year (restated)                                            (1,281)


          Gross deferred tax assets at 31 December 2022 (restated)                                                        990


          For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of financial
          position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


          Net deferred tax assets recognised in the
            consolidated statement of financial position                                                 –                   –
          Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the
            consolidated statement of financial position                                                 –                   –


          The Group has accumulated tax losses in Chinese Mainland of RMB2,281,663,000 (2022: RMB2,034,193,000)
          that can be carried forward for five to ten years to offset against future taxable profits of the entities in
          which losses were incurred. The Group has deductible temporary differences of RMB247,697,000 (2022:
          RMB202,048,000).

          The Group has accumulated tax losses in the USA and Singapore of RMB60,963,000 (2022: RMB41,742,000)
          and RMB2,327,000 (2022: RMB2,191,000), respectively, that can be carried forward indefinitely to offset against
          future taxable profits of the entity in which the losses incurred.

          Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses and temporary differences as it is not
          considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.




134   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




26. SHARE CAPITAL

    Shares

                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000

    Issued and fully paid:
       509,278,094 (2022: 509,278,094) ordinary shares                                509,278           509,278

    A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                   Number of      Share capital
                                                                                      shares         RMB’000

    At 1 January 2022                                                             498,583,294           498,583
    Initial public offering                                                        10,694,800            10,695


    At 31 December 2022, 1 January 2023
      and 31 December 2023                                                        509,278,094           509,278

27. RESERVES

    The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in
    the consolidated statements of changes in equity of the financial statements.

    Share premium

    The share premium of the Group represents the share premium contributed by the shareholders of the Company
    after its conversion into a joint stock company.

    Other reserves

    Other reserves of the Group represent the share premium contributed by the shareholders of the Company
    before its conversion into a joint stock company, exempted payables to shareholders and share-based payment
    reserve.

    Safety production reserve

    The Group has appropriated a certain amount of accumulated losses to the safety production reserve fund
    for safety production expense purposes as required by directives issued by the relevant PRC government
    authorities. The Group charged the safety production expense to profit or loss when such expense was incurred,
    and at the same time an equal amount of special reserve fund was utilised and transferred back to accumulated
    losses.

    Exchange fluctuation reserve

    The exchange fluctuation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
    statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from the Group’s presentation
    currency.


ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           135
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      28. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

          In December 2020, the board of directors of the Company passed a resolution to grant equity interests in the
          Company to the eligible employees (including directors) in order to provide incentives and rewards to participants
          for the business development of the Group. Subsequently, Yantai Bolian Investment Center Limited Partnership
          (“Yantai Bolian”), Yantai Bosheng Investment Center Limited Partnership (“Yantai Bosheng”) and Yantai Bofa
          Investment Center Limited Partnership (“Yantai Bofa”), three employee incentive platforms established in the
          PRC, subscribed paid-in capital of RMB21,380,000, RMB14,930,000 and RMB11,250,000 of the Company for
          total considerations of RMB64,140,000, RMB44,790,000 and RMB33,750,000, respectively.

          On 27 January 2021, 4.4247% of the then equity interest in the Company was granted to 36 selected directors
          and employees of the Company for a consideration of RMB64,140,000 through Yantai Bolian. 3.0898% of the
          then equity interest in the Company was granted to 45 selected directors and employees of the Company for a
          consideration of RMB44,790,000 through Yantai Bosheng. 2.3282% of the then equity interest in the Company
          was granted to 47 selected directors and employees of the Company for a consideration of RMB33,750,000
          through Yantai Bofa. The management has the power to select the eligible employees and the Group derive
          benefits from the services of the employees who have been granted the then equity interest through their
          continued employment with the Group.

          Pursuant to the partnership agreements of Yantai Bolian, Yantai Bosheng and Yantai Bofa (collectively referred
          to as the “ESOP Entities”), (i) the ESOP Entities shall not dispose of any of the shares they held within 36 months
          immediately following the date of the Company’s listing (the “ESOP Lock-up Period”); and (ii) a partner is entitled
          to direct the ESOP Entities to dispose of his/her share of the shares held by the ESOP Entities (based on his/
          her shareholding percentage in the ESOP Entities) (the “ESOP Shares”) in the following manner: (a) 25% of his/
          her ESOP Shares upon the expiry of 12 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; (b) 50% of
          his/her ESOP Shares upon the expiry of 24 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; (c) 75%
          of his/her ESOP Shares upon the expiry of 36 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; and (d)
          100% of his/her ESOP Shares upon the expiry of 48 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period. If
          a person cease to be qualified as a partner during the vesting period, the general partner shall have the right to
          purchase or appoint other eligible employees to purchase the share of that person at cost or cost plus market
          interest. In August 2021, the ESOP Lock-up Period was revised as 12 months immediately following the date of
          the Company’s listing pursuant to the updated partnership agreements.

          The fair value of services received in return for equity interests granted is measured by reference to the fair value
          of the equity interests granted less the consideration received by the Group.

          The fair value of the equity interests granted is determined by the back-solve method and equity value allocation
          based on the option pricing model at the grant date.

          The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                                                        2021


          Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                  2.9%
          Volatility (%)                                                                                              42.0%


          The Group recognised a share-based payment expense of RMB20,640,000 during the year ended 31 December
          2023 (2022: RMB18,479,000).



136   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




29. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

    (a) Major non-cash transactions

        During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets of RMB8,717,000 (2022:
        RMB2,272,000) and non-cash additions to lease liabilities of RMB8,717,000 (2022: RMB2,272,000),
        respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for laboratory and office premises.

        During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to other non-current liabilities of RMB9,942,000 (2022:
        RMB50,158,000) in respect of a collaboration arrangement.

    (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                    Bank                              Amounts
                                                                and other              Lease            due to
                                                               borrowings           liabilities related parties
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


        At 1 January 2022                                          250,000            14,523            22,725
        Changes from financing cash flows                           30,348             (9,021)                –
        New leases                                                       –              2,272                 –
        Interest expense                                            12,991                416                 –
        Changes from non-financing activities                            –                  –            (7,407)
        Exchange realignment                                             –                194                 –


        At 31 December 2022 and
        1 January 2023                                             293,339              8,384           15,318
        Changes from financing cash flows                           89,098             (7,386)           1,374
        New leases                                                       –              8,717                –
        Reduction as a result of lease modifications                     –               (330)               –
        Interest expense                                            13,726                361                –
        Changes from non-financing activities                            –                  –            8,215
        Exchange realignment                                             –                 (4)               –


        At 31 December 2023                                        396,163              9,742           24,907




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          137
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      29. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

          (c) Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


              Within operating activities                                                       4,128             4,491
              Within financing activities                                                       7,386             9,021


              Total                                                                            11,514            13,512


      30. COMMITMENTS

          At the end of the reporting period, the Group had contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant
          and equipment with an amount of RMB225,008,000 (2022: RMB236,353,000).

      31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          The Group’s principal related parties are as follows:

           Name                                                                          Relationship with the Company


           Shandong Luye                                                                The immediate holding company
           Mr. Liu Dian Bo                                                                    Director of Shandong Luye
           Yantai Luye Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Luye”)                 Shareholder of Shandong Luye
           Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited (“Luye Hong Kong”)                                  Shareholder of Yantai Luye
           Nanjing Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Luye”)                         Controlled by Shandong Luye
           Yantai Luye Drugs Trading Co., Ltd. (“Luye Trading”)                           Controlled by Shandong Luye
           Nanjing Junshi Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Junshi”)              Controlled by Shandong Luye
           Shandong International Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd.
             (“Biotech Park Development”)                                                  Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           Luye Investment Group Co., Ltd. (“LIG”)                                         Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           GeneLeap Biotech LLC (“GeneLeap Biotech”)                                       Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           GeneLeap Biotechnology LLC (“GeneLeap Biotechnology”)                           Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           Yantai Yunyue Winery Management Co., Ltd. (“Yunyue Winery”)                     Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           Yantai Cellzone Medical Diagnostics Center Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Cellzone”)        Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo




138   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    (a) The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:

                                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                  Notes                RMB’000               RMB’000


        Sales of goods to:
          Luye Trading                                                               (i)                   1,607                   840
        Lease and property management services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (ii)                     413                  393
          Biotech Park Development                                                   (ii)                     494                  494
          Nanjing Luye                                                               (ii)                     256                    –
          Luye Trading                                                               (ii)                      23                    –
        Testing services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (ii)                      30                    70
        Research and development services from:
          Yantai Cellzone                                                            (ii)                        –               2,328
        EHS management services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (ii)                     854                1,173
        Operation services from:
          Nanjing Luye                                                               (ii)                  1,218                 1,122
        Accommodation services from:
          Yunyue Winery                                                              (ii)                      74                  107
        Purchase of welfare goods from:
          LIG                                                                        (ii)                        –                 196
        Advances from:
          Luye Hong Kong                                                             (iii)                 1,374                      –
        Payments on behalf by:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (iii)                18,422               17,933
          Biotech Park Development                                                   (iii)                 2,080                1,991
          GeneLeap Biotech                                                           (iii)                     –                  111
          GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                     (iii)                 2,368                    –
          Yantai Luye                                                                (iii)                   132                  180
        Repayments to:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (iii)                14,863               11,523
          Biotech Park Development                                                   (iii)                 1,512                1,012
          GeneLeap Biotech                                                           (iii)                     –                  104
          GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                     (iii)                 2,347                    –
          Yantai Luye                                                                (iii)                   294                    –

        Notes:

        (i)     The transaction price was determined on normal commercial terms, negotiated on arm’s length basis, and on similar basis as
                the Group conducted businesses with major customers.

        (ii)    The transaction prices were determined on terms mutually agreed between the parties with reference to the actual cost and
                fees for similar transactions in the market.

        (iii)   The payments on behalf and advances were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   139
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          (b) Other transactions with related parties:

              As at 31 December 2023, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, and Yantai Luye,
              shareholder of Shandong Luye, have guaranteed the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB210,273,000
              (2022: Nil).

              As at 31 December 2023, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, has guaranteed the
              Group’s other borrowings amounting to RMB100,000,000 (2022: Nil).

          (c) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


              Trade receivables:
              Luye Trading                                                                          554               661


              Due to related parties:
              Shandong Luye*                                                                    17,499             11,507
              Biotech Park Development**                                                         2,031              1,334
              Nanjing Luye                                                                       1,237              1,122
              GeneLeap Biotechnology**                                                              21                  –
              Yantai Luye**                                                                         38                191
              Yantai Cellzone                                                                    1,164              1,164
              Luye Hong Kong**                                                                   1,374                  –
              Nanjing Junshi                                                                     1,532                  –
              Yunyue Winery                                                                         11                  –


              Total                                                                             24,907             15,318


              Lease liabilities:
              Shandong Luye                                                                           –             2,448
              Biotech Park Development                                                            1,190             5,197
              Nanjing Luye                                                                          739               739
              GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                              7,813                 –


              Total                                                                               9,742             8,384

              *    At 31 December 2023, a balance of RMB1,647,000 was trade in nature (2022: RMB1,020,000), and a balance of
                   RMB15,852,000 was non-trade in nature (2022: RMB10,487,000).

              **   The balances were non-trade in nature.


              Other outstanding balances with related parties were all trade in nature.

              The balances with related parties except for lease liabilities are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed
              terms of repayment.



140   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                           10,469             10,327
        Performance related bonuses                                                          3,767              3,500
        Pension scheme contributions                                                           870                685
        Share-based payment expense                                                         15,294             13,692


        Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                 30,400             28,204


        Further details of directors’, supervisors’ and chief executive’s remuneration are included in note 8 to the
        financial statements.

32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
    follows:

    Financial assets

    2023

                                                                     Financial
                                                                    assets at
                                                                    fair value           Financial
                                                                through other            assets at
                                                               comprehensive            amortised
                                                                       income                cost             Total
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


    Trade receivables                                                         –            213,199           213,199
    Notes receivable                                                     62,996                  –            62,996
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets                                       –               349               349
    Pledged deposits                                                           –            12,290            12,290
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  –           201,850           201,850


    Total                                                                62,996            427,688           490,684




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             141
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

          The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
          follows: (continued)

          Financial assets (continued)

          2022

                                                                                Financial
                                                                               assets at
                                                                                fair value      Financial
                                                                           through other        assets at
                                                                          comprehensive        amortised
                                                                                  income            cost             Total
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000


          Trade receivables                                                            –         162,623           162,623
          Notes receivable                                                        49,527               –            49,527
          Financial assets included in prepayments,
            other receivables and other assets                                          –          2,358             2,358
          Pledged deposits                                                              –        207,160           207,160
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                     –        233,498           233,498


          Total                                                                   49,527         605,639           655,166


          Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                                  2023               2022
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


          Lease liabilities                                                                        9,742             8,384
          Trade and notes payables                                                               217,572           160,203
          Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                          195,137           150,194
          Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                             396,163           293,339
          Due to related parties                                                                  24,907            15,318


          Total                                                                                  843,521           627,438




142   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




33. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade
    receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade and notes
    payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, amounts due to related parties and current
    portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts
    largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

    The Group’s finance department headed by the financial manager is responsible for determining the policies
    and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to
    the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the
    movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The
    valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.

    The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
    exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
    methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

    The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities have
    been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with
    similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-
    performance risk were assessed to be insignificant.

    The fair values of the notes receivable classified as debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
    income have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows, which are the par values of the
    notes receivable. In addition, the notes receivable will mature within twelve months, and thus, their fair values
    approximate to their carrying values.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             143
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      33. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          (CONTINUED)

          The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

          Assets measured at fair value:

          As at 31 December 2023

                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                    Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                         in active        observable      unobservable
                                                         markets              inputs            inputs
                                                         (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)             Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


          Notes receivable                                         –           62,996                   –              62,996


          As at 31 December 2022

                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices          Significant        Significant
                                                          in active        observable       unobservable
                                                          markets               inputs             inputs
                                                          (Level 1)           (Level 2)          (Level 3)            Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


          Notes receivable                                         –           49,527                   –              49,527


          The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

          During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers
          into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2022: Nil).




144   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




33. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)

    Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

    As at 31 December 2023

                                                Fair value measurement using
                                       Quoted prices       Significant       Significant
                                            in active      observable      unobservable
                                            markets            inputs            inputs
                                            (Level 1)        (Level 2)         (Level 3)       Total
                                           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


    Interest-bearing bank and
       other borrowings                                –      310,273                   –     310,273


    As at 31 December 2022

                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                        Quoted prices        Significant       Significant
                                             in active      observable      unobservable
                                             markets             inputs            inputs
                                             (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)      Total
                                           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


    Interest-bearing bank and
       other borrowings                                –      240,319                   –     240,319




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                              SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   145
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

          The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise bank loans and cash and short term deposits. The main
          purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various
          other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its
          operations.

          The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit
          risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
          they are summarised below.

          Interest rate risk

          The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s interest-
          bearing bank loans with a floating interest rate. The Group mitigates the risk by monitoring closely the movements
          in interest rates and reviewing its banking facilities regularly. The Group has not used any interest rate swap to
          hedge its exposure to interest rate risk.

          At 31 December 2023, if the interest rates on bank loans had been 50 basis points higher/lower, which was
          considered reasonably possible by management, with all other variables held constant, the loss before tax for
          the year would have increased/decreased by RMB1,156,000 (2022: RMB203,000), as a result of higher/lower
          interest expenses on bank loans.

          Foreign currency risk

          Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Group
          has currency exposures mainly arising from cash at banks denominated in US$. At present, the Group does
          not intend to seek to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. The Group constantly monitors the
          economic situation and the Group’s foreign exchange risk profile and will consider appropriate hedging measures
          in the future should the need arise.




146   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
    change in foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s loss before tax
    (arising from US$ denominated financial instruments) and the Group’s equity (due to exchange differences on
    translation of foreign operations).

                                                                     Increase/         Decrease/
                                                                 (decrease) in         (increase)         Increase/
                                                                rate of foreign            in loss       (decrease)
                                                                      currency         before tax          in equity
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


    2023

    If the RMB weakens against the US$                                         5                85             1,727
    If the RMB strengthens against the US$                                    (5)              (85)           (1,727)

    2022

    If the RMB weakens against the US$                                         5                40              1,471
    If the RMB strengthens against the US$                                    (5)              (40)            (1,471)

    Credit risk

    The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers
    who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances
    are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.

    Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for collateral.
    Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty, by geographical region. There are no
    significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade receivables
    are widely dispersed with different customers.

    Maximum exposure and year-end staging

    The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
    policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or
    effort, and year-end staging classification as at the end of the reporting period. The amounts presented are gross
    carrying amounts for financial assets.




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             147
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Credit risk (continued)

          As at 31 December 2023

                                                             12-month
                                                                 ECLs                         Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                   Simplified
                                                               Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3         approach
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          Trade receivables*                                           –                  –                 –         213,199           213,199
          Notes receivables                                       62,996                  –                 –               –            62,996
          Financial assets included in prepayments,
             other receivables and other assets
             – Normal**                                              349                  –                 –                 –              349
          Pledged deposits
             – Not yet past due                                   12,290                  –                 –                 –          12,290
          Cash and cash equivalents
             – Not yet past due                                 201,850                   –                 –                 –         201,850


          Total                                                 277,485                   –                 –         213,199           490,684


          As at 31 December 2022

                                                              12-month
                                                                  ECLs                         Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                     Simplified
                                                                Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3          approach
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          Trade receivables*                                           –                  –                 –         162,623           162,623
          Notes receivables                                       49,527                  –                 –               –            49,527
          Financial assets included in prepayments,
             other receivables and other assets
             – Normal**                                            2,358                  –                 –                 –            2,358
          Pledged deposits
             – Not yet past due                                 207,160                   –                 –                 –         207,160
          Cash and cash equivalents
             – Not yet past due                                 233,498                   –                 –                 –         233,498


          Total                                                 492,543                   –                 –         162,623           655,166

          *    For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix
               is disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

          **   The credit quality of financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets are considered to be “normal”
               when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk
               since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




148   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Liquidity risk

    The Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management
    of the Group to finance the operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations of cash flows.

    The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of
    interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities.

    The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
    contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                                    2023
                                                            On    Less than 3 to less than
                                                        demand    3 months     12 months         1 to 5 years     Total
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000


    Lease liabilities                                     2,078         453            1,817           6,241      10,589
    Trade and notes payables                             65,013     128,054           24,505               –     217,572
    Financial liabilities included in other payables
       and accruals                                     195,137           –                –               –     195,137
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                –      20,989          161,190         237,157     419,336
    Due to related parties                               24,907           –                –               –      24,907


    Total                                               287,135     149,496          187,512         243,398     867,541


                                                                                    2022
                                                            On    Less than     3 to less than
                                                        demand    3 months         12 months     1 to 5 years      Total
                                                       RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


    Lease liabilities                                     2,750       2,048            3,714               –       8,512
    Trade and notes payables                             44,478     108,565            7,160               –     160,203
    Financial liabilities included in other payables
       and accruals                                     150,194           –                –               –     150,194
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings              155      18,414           75,553         222,749     316,871
    Due to related parties                               15,318           –                –               –      15,318


    Total                                               212,895     129,027           86,427         222,749     651,098




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                            SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        149
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Capital management

          The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
          going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’
          value.

          The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions
          and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may
          return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital
          requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the
          years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.

          The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is total borrowings divided by total equity. The gearing
          ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


          Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 22)                                396,163            293,339


          Total equity                                                                      1,319,868          1,418,377


          Gearing ratio                                                                         30.0%             20.7%


      35. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

          There were no other significant events that required additional disclosure or adjustments occurred after the end
          of the reporting period.




150   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2023




36. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                        2023           2022
                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Property, plant and equipment                                     602,352        556,842
    Advance payments for property, plant and equipment                 32,765         41,685
    Right-of-use assets                                                 4,202         10,137
    Intangible assets                                                 950,504        731,508
    Investments in subsidiaries                                        73,445         55,166


    Total non-current assets                                         1,663,268      1,395,338


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Inventories                                                       165,291        143,634
    Trade and notes receivables                                       276,167        212,124
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                    52,177         45,275
    Due from a subsidiary                                              92,130         46,098
    Pledged deposits                                                   12,290        207,160
    Cash and cash equivalents                                         169,892        232,319


    Total current assets                                              767,947        886,610


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Lease liabilities                                                   1,190          7,645
    Trade and notes payables                                          216,413        158,788
    Other payables and accruals                                       235,898        198,447
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                        167,839         83,184
    Due to a subsidiary                                                10,150          9,981
    Due to related parties                                             20,743         14,197


    Total current liabilities                                         652,233        472,242


    NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                115,714        414,368


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS
     CURRENT LIABILITIES                                             1,778,982      1,809,706




ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   151
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2023




      36. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


          NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
          Interest-bearing bank and other borrowing                                                    228,324           210,000
          Government grants                                                                              3,000                 –
          Other non-current liabilities                                                                112,670           102,511


          Total non-current liabilities                                                                343,994           312,511


          Net assets                                                                                  1,434,988         1,497,195


          EQUITY
          Equity attributable to owners of the parent
          Share capital                                                                                509,278           509,278
          Reserves (note)                                                                              925,710           987,917


          Total equity                                                                                1,434,988         1,497,195

          Note:

          A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                            Safety        Accumu-
                                                                  Share         Other   production            lated
                                                               premium       reserves      reserve          losses         Total
                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


          At 1 January 2022                                    1,161,888       65,430        2,016         (130,842)     1,098,492
          Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year                –           –            –         (296,616)      (296,616)
          Issue of shares from initial public offering           178,461            –            –                 –       178,461
          Share issue expenses                                    (10,899)          –            –                 –        (10,899)
          Appropriation to safety production reserve                    –           –        4,429            (4,429)             –
          Safety production reserve used                                –           –       (1,218)            1,218              –
          Share-based payment arrangements                              –      18,479            –                 –         18,479


          At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023               1,329,450       83,909        5,227         (430,669)      987,917
          Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year               –            –            –          (82,847)      (82,847)
          Appropriation to safety production reserve                   –            –        1,783           (1,783)            –
          Safety production reserve used                               –            –       (1,117)           1,117             –
          Share-based payment arrangements                             –       20,640            –                –        20,640


          At 31 December 2023                                  1,329,450      104,549        5,893         (514,182)      925,710


      37. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

          The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 25 March 2024.




152   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
