山東 博安 生 物技 術 股 份 有限 公司
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Stock Code : 6955




                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS

2    Company Overview

3    Corporate Information

5    Financial Highlights

6    Management Discussion and Analysis

22   Other Information

27   Independent Review Report

28   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

29   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position

31   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity

32   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Cash Flows

34   Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
COMPANY OVERVIEW



Established in 2013, Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (山東博安生物技術股份有限公司) (“Boan Biotech”,
the “Company” or “our Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical
company developing, manufacturing, and marketing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases,
ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases. The Company’s drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms:
Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology
Platform, ADC Technology Platform and Cell Therapy Platform.

Boan Biotech operates across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line
development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development,
technology transfer, non-clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial
production. In the cell therapy field, Boan Biotech focuses on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T
technology, developing safer, more effective, and affordable treatments for patients.

Boan Biotech’s portfolio includes three commercial products. Its pipeline includes multiple novel biologics as drug
candidates protected for their international intellectual property rights and a number of biosimilar candidates. In
addition to the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), the Company is also developing biological products
in overseas markets, including the United States (“U.S.”), the European Union (“EU”) and Japan. With a differentiated
portfolio and well-established commercial capabilities, Boan Biotech operates across the industry’s value chain from
research and development to manufacturing and commercialization, laying a solid foundation for long-term, high-
quality growth in the future.




2         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
CORPORATE INFORMATION



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                           STRATEGY COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                          Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chairlady)
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                           Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
(Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady of our Board)         Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)
Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
(President of R&D and Chief Operating Officer)               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                             GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Non-executive Directors                                      Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chairlady)
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                      Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                               Ms. LI Li (李莉)

Independent Non-executive Directors                          REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)                                    PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)                                        No. 39 Keji Avenue
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)                                          High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
                                                             Yantai, Shandong Province
SUPERVISORS                                                  China
Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei (張曉玫) (Chairlady)
Ms. NING Xia (寧夏)                                            HEADQUARTERS IN THE
Ms. LIU Xiangjie (劉祥杰)                                       PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
                                                             No. 39 Keji Avenue
COMPANY SECRETARY                                            High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟) (FCG, HKFCG)                          Yantai, Shandong Province
                                                             China
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟)                                       IN HONG KONG
                                                             5/F, Manulife Place
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                              348 Kwun Tong Road
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄) (Chairperson)                          Kowloon
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                      Hong Kong
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)
                                                             H SHARES SHARE REGISTRAR
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                       Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林) (Chairperson)                            Shops 1712–1716
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                               17th Floor Hopewell Centre
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)                                        183 Queen’s Road East
                                                             Wanchai
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                         Hong Kong
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文) (Chairperson)
Ms. LI Li (李莉)
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          3
CORPORATE INFORMATION




LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong laws:
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling
9/F, Three Exchange Square
Central
Hong Kong

As to PRC laws:
King & Wood Mallesons
18th Floor, East Tower
World Financial Center
1 Dongsanhuan Zhonglu
Chaoyang District
Beijing 100020
China

AUDITOR
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
6955

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.boan-bio.com

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Bank of America
Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch




4          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



1.   REVENUE

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (the “Period” or “Reporting Period”), the Group’s revenue amounted
     to approximately RMB362.9 million, as compared to RMB261.2 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB101.7 million, or 38.9%. The increase was mainly
     attributable to the sustained growth of sales of Boyounuo® (BA1101) and Boyoubei® (BA6101) in China.

2.   COST OF SALES

     Our cost of sales amounted to RMB80.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which accounted
     for approximately 22.1% of our total revenue for the same period (for the six months ended 30 June 2023:
     39.4%). The decrease in cost of sales margin was mainly due to the increase of production volume in the six
     months ended 30 June 2024 and the upgrades in the Group’s product manufacturing processes resulting in
     lower unit manufacturing cost in 2024.

3.   GROSS PROFIT

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB282.6
     million, representing an increase of approximately RMB124.4 million, or 78.6%, as compared with that for the
     six months ended 30 June 2023.

4.   SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to
     RMB134.2 million, as compared to RMB117.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing
     an increase of RMB17.1 million, or 14.6%. The increase in selling and distribution expenses was in line with
     the revenue growth during the same period.

5.   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s recognised research and development (“R&D”)
     expenses of approximately RMB85.8 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB40.2 million as
     compared with that to the six months ended 30 June 2023. The decreased R&D expenses was mainly due
     to the increase in R&D investment capitalised into deferred development costs and more of Group’s R&D
     projects had progressed to phase 3 clinical trial in the second half of 2023.




                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Boan Biotech is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company that specializes in developing, manufacturing, and
commercializing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases, ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases.
Our drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms, including: Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and
Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform, Antibody Drug Conjugate (“ADC”)
Technology Platform and Cell Therapy Platform.

We operate across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line development, upstream
and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development, technology transfer, non-
clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial production. In the cell therapy
field, we focus on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T technology, developing safer, more effective,
and affordable treatments for patients.

Our portfolio includes three commercial products, and our pipeline includes multiple novel biologics as drug
candidates protected for their international intellectual property rights and a number of biosimilar candidates. In
addition to China, we are also developing biopharmaceutical products in the overseas markets, including the U.S.,
the EU and Japan. Boasting a strong and differentiated portfolio as well as exceptional commercial capabilities across
the value chain, we are well positioned to achieve long-term and sustainable growth going forward.

2024 INTERIM REVIEW

From the beginning of 2024, we have made significant achievements in all aspects of pipeline development, sales
and marketing, manufacturing, and business collaboration.

During the Reporting Period, we recorded an increase in revenue of 38.9% to RMB362.9 million as compared to
that of 2023, which demonstrated our continued capability to bring our biologics portfolio to market and maintain
market share. As of the date of this report, three of our products (Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia®) have been
successfully marketed in Chinese Mainland (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan regions of the People’s
Republic of China). These products has been sold to over 2,700 target hospitals and institutions in China. A number
of post-marketing clinical observational studies have been carried out on Boyounuo® and Boyoubei®. In addition, our
Boluojia®, the denosumab injection for anti-tumor indication, has been approved for marketing in May of 2024. We
believe that with approvals of new products, the accumulation of more clinical data, the coverage of wider markets
and various external collaborations with experienced partners, our business will continue to grow steadily.




6          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




For the progress of pipeline products, two candidates entered the biologics license application (“BLA”) stage in China.
The BLA of BA5101 has been accepted by the Centre for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) of the National Medical Products
Administration (“NMPA”) in China in May 2024. The BLA of BA9101 has been accepted by CDE in July 2024. The
international multi-center phase 3 clinical study for our Denosumab Injection (BA6101 and BA1102) initiated in
Europe, the U.S., and Japan completed patient enrollment in January 2024. The phase 3 clinical study of BA1104 is
also progressing well. We also have one pipeline product (BA2101) entered phase 2 clinical trial and three pipeline
products (BA1301, BA1202 and BA1106) progressing well in their phase 1 clinical trials in China. BA1301 have
also been granted Orphan Drug Designations (“ODD”) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for gastric
cancer, including cancer of gastroesophageal junction. In addition, BA1302 has been approved to initiate clinical trials
in China in July 2024 and BA5101 has been approved to initiate clinical trials in the U.S. in August 2024.

We continued to consolidate our R&D capabilities and industry influence. As of 30 June 2024, our R&D team had 300
experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery research, biotechnology research, biopharmaceutical
analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical research, pilot process research, clinical research,
regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property and other R&D functions. From the beginning of 2024
to the date of this report, we had been granted three new patents worldwide. As of the date of this report, we have
been granted 36 patents and have 48 pending patent applications worldwide.

We have sufficient production capacity to meet the current commercial needs of our products. As of the date of this
report, we have commercial production capacity of 9,000L and pilot production capacity of 2,000L. The upgrade
of production processes has driven a continuous decline in production costs. During the Reporting Period, we
achieved significant improvements in quality and efficiency by enhancing and upgrading the production processes of
existing products, continuously advancing digital manufacturing, and implementing domestic substitutions to reduce
production costs. In addition, we have received GMP certification from ANVISA for our biological product, Boyuno®
(the name of Boyounuo® in Brazil), covering the drug substance and the drug product in January 2024. ANVISA is a
member of the Pharmaceutical Inspection Convention and Pharmaceutical Inspection Co-operation Scheme (PIC/
S). The ANVISA GMP certification represents a pivotal step for the subsequent marketing authorization approval
of Boyuno® and establishes a robust foundation for the global commercialization of our future biologics. We have
also built an electronic data environment from production, document management, training, warehousing and other
aspects, promote the integration of production data, flexible manufacturing, and intelligent management, improve
production efficiency and production operation flexibility, optimize production costs, and ensure drug quality and
patient safety.

We are actively exploring external business development and licensing-out arrangements. In January 2024, we
entered into an agreement with Joincare Pharmaceutical Group Industry Co., Ltd. (“Joincare”), in relation to the
exclusive licensing and commercialization of BA2101 in the treatment of asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease (“COPD”) and other respiratory system diseases in Chinese Mainland. We also entered into an agreement
with the Zencore Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Zencore Biologics”), authorizing Zencore Biologics to use our self-developed
stable cell line development platform non-exclusively, BA-HIEXcell® for the development of antibodies and therapeutic
proteins in Chinese Mainland. In addition, we have discussed with a number of companies the out-licensing of our
overseas business and have signed market cooperation agreements with partners in a number of emerging market
countries.

Apart from the abovementioned achievements, we also believe the following strengths and progress have contributed
towards our success and differentiated us from other biopharmaceutical companies.




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   7
8                                                           RISK-BALANCED PRODUCT PIPELINE

                                                            We, through years of efforts and dedication, have incubated a robust and risk-balanced portfolio, which brings us clear short-term commercial visibility and allows
                                                            us to pursue long-term sustainable growth. Specifically, our portfolio, including three commercialized products, five investigational antibodies, and three biosimilar
                                                            candidates currently, focuses on popular key therapeutic areas including oncology, metabolism, autoimmunity, and ophthalmology, which entail significant unmet
                                                            needs and potential in China and overseas markets.

                                                            The following table summarizes our Commercialized Products and drug candidate pipeline under development in China and worldwide across various therapeutic
                                                            areas as of the date of this report:

                                                                                                                Product                                                                                                           Clinical
                                                                                             Therapeutic area   (reference drug)          Target               Indication                                           Territory   trial region   Pre-clinical   IND   Phase 1   Phase 2        Phase 3       BLA filed       Launched


                                                                                                                BA1301                    Claudin 18.2 ADC     Gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, and esophageal     Global       China
                                                                                                                                                               cancer

                                                                                             Oncology           BA1202                    CEA/CD3 (2:1)        CRC, pancreatic duct adenocarcinoma, etc.             Global       China

                                                                                                                BA1106                    CD25                 Solid tumor                                           Global       China

                                                                                                                BA1302                    CD228 ADC            CRC, breast cancer, NSCLC, pancreatic cancer, etc.    Global       China

                                                                                             Autoimmune                                                        Atopic dermatitis, asthma, sinusitis, pruritus,                                                                   Mainland Rights for Respiratory Disease
                                                                                                                BA2101                    IL4R (Long-Acting)                                                         Global       China
                                                             Innovative Antibody Portfolio


                                                                                                                                                               urticaria, COPD etc.                                                                                              Indications of BA2101 given to Joincare

                                                                                                                                                               mCRC, advanced metastatic or recurrent NSCLC,
                                                                                                                Boyounuo® (BA1101,                             recurrent glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian,                        China
                                                                                                                                          VEGF                                                                       Global
                                                                                                                an Avastin® biosimilar)                        fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer,
                                                                                                                                                               cervical cancer and hepatocellular carcinoma
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Brazil

                                                                                                                        ®                                                                                                         China
                                                                                                                Boluojia (BA1102,
                                                                                                                                          RANKL                Bone metastases from solid tumors, and GCTB           Global
                                                                                                                Xgeva® biosimilar)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                             Oncology                                                                                                                           Overseas

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  China
                                                                                                                                                               Melanoma, NSCLC, malignant pleural mesothelioma,
                                                                                                                BA1104                                         RCC, cHL, SCCHN, urothelial carcinoma, colorectal
                                                                                                                (Opdivo®                  PD-1                 cancer, HCC, esophageal cancer, gastric cancer,       Global
SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024




                                                                                                                biosimilar)                                    gastroesophageal junction cancer, and                             Overseas
                                                             Biosimilar Portfolio                                                                              esophageal adenocarcinoma


                                                                                                                Boyoubei® (BA6101,                                                                                                China                                                 Promotion Rights given to Qingdao Conson
                                                                                                                                          RANKL                Osteoporosis                                          Global
                                                                                                                Prolia® biosimilar)                                                                                              Overseas
                                                                                             Metabolism
                                                                                                                BA5101 (Trulicity®                                                                                                China                                                                           BLA accepted
                                                                                                                biosimilar)               GLP-1                Type 2 diabetes                                       Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Overseas
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         BLA accepted; Promotion Rights
                                                                                                                BA9101                                                                                                            China
                                                                                             Ophthalmology                                                                                                           Global                                                                              given to OcuMension
                                                                                                                (Eylea® biosimilar)       VEGF                 wAMD, RVO, DME, and DR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Overseas
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Commercialized products

Boyounuo® (BA1101, bevacizumab injection): an anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection and a
biosimilar to Avastin® independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China in April 2021. As of the date of this report, Boyounuo®
has been approved for 6 indications (mCRC, advanced metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer, recurrent
glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, cervical cancer and hepatocellular
carcinoma) and all its indications has been included in the NRDL.

Boyoubei® (BA6101, 60mg denosumab injection): a human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody of the
RANK ligand and the first biosimilar to Prolia® independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of postmenopausal women with
osteoporosis at high risk for fracture in November 2022. It has been included in the NRDL and we have granted
Qingdao Conson the exclusive right to commercialize Boyoubei® in Chinese Mainland.

•   In January 2024, we completed the enrollment of all subjects for an international multi-center phase 3 clinical
    study of denosumab injection in Europe, the U.S., and Japan. According to the Guidelines by the FDA, the
    European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (“PMDA”)
    and based on our discussions with the FDA, EMA and PMDA, after completion of this phase 3 clinical study, we
    can submit BLAs for BA6101 and BA1102 for all the approved indications as Prolia® and Xgeva® in the United
    States, Europe, and Japan, respectively.

Boluojia® (BA1102, 120mg denosumab injection): a fully human IgG2 anti-RANKL monoclonal antibody and a
biosimilar to Xgeva® independently developed by us.

•   In January 2024, we completed the enrollment of subjects for an international multi-center phase 3 clinical study
    of denosumab injection in Europe, the U.S., and Japan. According to the Guidelines by the FDA, EMA and
    PMDA and based on our discussions with the FDA, EMA and PMDA, after completion of this phase 3 clinical
    study, we can submit BLAs for BA6101 and BA1102 for all the approved indications as Prolia® and Xgeva® in the
    United States, Europe, and Japan, respectively.

•   In May 2024, Boluojia® has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of giant cell
    tumor of bone (“GCTB”) that is unresectable or where surgical resection is likely to result in severe morbidity
    in adults and skeletally mature adolescents (defined as having at least one mature long bone and with body
    weight≥45 kg). At the same time, we are working on the BLA of Boluojia® in China for the indications of bone
    metastases from solid tumors and multiple myeloma.

Products to be commercialized in the near future

BA5101 (dulaglutide injection): a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist and a biosimilar to
Trulicity® independently developed by us.

BA5101 is intended for glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. It is the first Trulicity® biosimilar developed by
a Chinese company to be approved for clinical trials in the U.S. It is also the first proposed biosimilar to Trulicity® to
submit a BLA in China.




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                    9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•    In March 2024, we completed its phase 3 clinical trial (a comparative study of efficacy, safety and
     immunogenicity) in China.

•    In May 2024, the BLA for this drug has been accepted by the CDE of NMPA in China.

•    In August 2024, the U.S. FDA has approved the initiation of clinical trials in the U.S. for BA5101.

BA9101 (aflibercept intravitreous injection): a recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor receptor
antibody fusion protein ophthalmic injection and a biosimilar to Eylea®.

Aflibercept is widely used as a first-line treatment for Neovascular (Wet) Age-Related Macular Degeneration (nAMD),
Diabetic Macular Edema (DME), Macular Edema Following Retinal Vein Occlusion (RVO), Diabetic Retinopathy (DR),
Visual Impair due to Myopic Choroidal Neovascularization (mCNV) and Retinopathy of Prematurity (ROP) worldwide,
and its future market is promising driven by the demand in the clinical practice.

Pursuant to a collaboration and exclusive promotion agreement entered in October 2020, we jointly developed
BA9101 with OcuMension Therapeutics (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with Stock
code: 1477) in the phase 3 clinical trial of BA9101. We have granted OcuMension Therapeutics an exclusive right
to promote and commercialize BA9101 in Chinese Mainland. We believe that OcuMension Therapeutics, as a well-
known ophthalmology company with a professional team, will accelerate the clinical trials and commercialization of
BA9101 to meet the urgent clinical needs of Chinese patients and strengthen our position in the field of biological
products.

•    In July 2024, the BLA for this drug has been accepted by the CDE of NMPA in China.

BA1104 (nivolumab injection): a monoclonal antibody that can enhance the immune response of T cells against
tumors by preventing the programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor from binding to its ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is
a biosimilar to Opdivo® independently developed by us.

Being a broad-spectrum anticancer medication, Nivolumab has been approved for multiple indications both in China
and abroad. These include its use as a neoadjuvant, an adjuvant, or a first-line or later-line therapy for advanced
cancers. It can be used as a standalone treatment, in combination with chemotherapy, or alongside with novel
immune checkpoint inhibitors. Nivolumab has become a product of basic therapy for a variety of solid tumors.

•    In October 2023, the first patient in the phase 3 clinical trial of BA1104 in China was enrolled. As the date of this
     report, this phase 3 clinical trial is well progressing.




10         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Other pipeline products

BA2101: a long-acting human monoclonal antibody of the IgG4 subtype that targets interleukin-4 receptor subunit ē
(IL-4Rē) independently developed by us.

The investigational drug can inhibit IL-4 and IL-13 signaling simultaneously, regulate the Th2 inflammatory pathway,
and reduce eosinophils and circulating IgE levels. It is intended to be used for treating allergic diseases caused
by Th2 inflammation. We have obtained regulatory approval to conduct clinical trials of BA2101 for indications
including atopic dermatitis, asthma, COPD, chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, prurigo nodularis, and chronic
spontaneous urticaria (CSU). Compared to drugs with the same target which usually require dosing every two weeks,
BA2101 can remain active for a longer period of time. Preclinical studies show that BA2101 has a longer half-life in
cynomolgus monkeys than a marketed product with the same target, a feature that is expected to enable dosing
once every four weeks in humans. Results of the completed phase 1 clinical trial show that BA2101 has a longer half-
life and lower clearance rate than the marketed product.

•   We have completed the phase 1 clinical trial of BA2101 in 2023 and initiated a phase 2 clinical trial of BA2101 in
    January 2024.

•   In January 2024, we have entered into a partnership with Joincare in relation to our BA2101. In this partnership,
    Joincare is granted the exclusive right to develop and commercialize BA2101 in Chinese Mainland for treating
    respiratory diseases such as asthma and COPD. The partner, Joincare, is a leading Chinese company in the
    therapeutic area of respiratory diseases. It boasts a wide range of respiratory products and has a dedicated
    marketing team covering the whole country, making it a top player in the field. Through this partnership, we
    will leverage our respective strengths in R&D and commercialization to accelerate the clinical development of
    BA2101 for indications such as asthma and COPD.

BA1106: a non-IL-2 blocking anti-CD25 antibody independently developed by us.

BA1106 is the first investigational anti-CD25 antibody to start clinical trials in China for treating solid tumors. Anti-
CD25 antibodies are broad-spectrum immuno-oncology drugs with the potential to treat multiple cancers where
CD25 is highly expressed, including cervical cancer, renal cancer, ovarian cancer, melanoma, pancreatic cancers,
hepatocellular carcinoma, gastric cancer, and breast cancer. BA1106 therefore has great potential for treating
those cancers. However, developing anti-CD25 antibodies faces two major challenges: first, the function of Fc as a
mediator is limited, and as a result, they only work in early-stage tumor models but not in late-stage tumor models;
second, the IL-2 signaling pathway is blocked, leading to poor antitumor outcomes. BA1106 is a drug candidate that
can successfully overcome these two challenges.

The main mechanism of action of BA1106 is to deplete Treg cells in the tumor microenvironment through the ADCC
and increase the number of effector T cells. Preclinical studies have shown that BA1106 demonstrated a good
therapeutic effect on both early-stage and late-stage tumor models, and it has a synergy when used in combination
with an anti PD-1 antibody. Moreover, BA1106 does not block the IL-2 signaling pathway, and depletes Treg cells
moderately and specifically, with the potential for monotherapy and combination therapy. The results of the study on
BA1106 have been published in Scientific Reports, a journal of Nature.

•   In 2023, BA1106 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical trial is
    well progressing.




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BA1202: a novel bi-specific antibody (bispecific antibody) drug that targets CEA/CD3 independently developed by us.

BA1202 is a CEA/CD3 bispecific antibody that binds to both CD3 on T cells and CEA on tumor cells, enabling the
linking of T cells with tumor cells to facilitate tumor killing. CD3 bispecific antibodies are an important direction for
the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies. They function by recruiting CD3+T cells to target tumors.
As a bispecific T-cell engager (BiTE), they can bind to both CD3 antigens on the T cell surface and tumor-associated
antigens. This enables them to bring T cells to tumor cells and stimulate the release of granzymes and perforin from T
cells, which in turn leads to the killing of tumor cells. In addition, CD3 bispecific antibodies can enhance the sensitivity
of immunotherapy as they can help turn cold tumors into hot ones by increasing immune cells infiltration into tumor
tissues. This characteristic indicates their potential for use in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors such as
PD-L1 antibodies for enhanced efficacy. CEACAM5 (“CEA”) is widely expressed on the cell surface of many epithelial
tumors, such as colorectal cancer, NSCLC, pancreatic cancer, and gastric cancer, but is expressed less in normal
tissues, making it a potential target for tumor-targeted therapy.

BA1202 adopts a new butterfly-shaped antibody structure, with one end binding bivalently with high affinity to CEA
on tumor cells, and the other end binding monovalently with relatively low affinity to CD3 on T cells, while retaining
the Fc region. Such design enables it to reduce the risk of cytokine release syndrome (“CRS”) while retaining good
efficacy through activating endogenous T cells to eliminate CEA-positive tumor cells.

•    In 2023, BA1202 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical trial is
     well progressing.

BA1301: an ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2 independently developed by us.

BA1301 for injection is our first novel ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2. It employs a site-specific conjugation
technology to connect the cytotoxic payload with a monoclonal antibody that targets Claudin 18.2. This enables the
cytotoxic payload to be directed to the tumor site through the targeting characteristics of the antibody. Such design
reduces the toxic side effects of the cytotoxic payload, thus improving the therapeutic window, while retaining its
tumor-killing effect.

•    In 2023, BA1301 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As of the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical trial is
     well progressing.

•    In January 2024, BA1301 was granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of gastric cancer, including cancer
     of gastroesophageal junction. Previously, BA1301 have also been granted the ODD by FDA for the treatment of
     pancreatic cancer.

BA1302: a novel CD228-directed ADC independently developed by us.

Initially identified in melanoma, CD228 is a GPI-anchored glycoprotein that plays a role in tumor cell proliferation
and migration. It is highly expressed in a variety of solid tumors such as non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer,
melanoma, mesothelioma, colon cancer, and pancreatic cancer, but has a low expression in normal tissues.
Therefore, CD228 is highly specific in terms of its expression in tumors.




12          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BA1302 is a novel ADC drug targeting CD228. The antibody part of BA1302 is an innovative human anti-CD228
monoclonal antibody derived from BA-huMab®, our proprietary human antibody transgenic mice. It binds with the
membrane-bound form of CD228 only, not with sMFI2, which is the soluble form of CD228. This highly binding
specificity reduces the non-specific binding, to ensure higher efficacy and safety. The chemical part of BA1302 is
BNLD11, an innovative linker-payload, which has remarkable in vitro and in vivo stability. Structurally, approximately
four BNLD11 molecules are conjugated to each antibody molecule on average. This design enhances the drug’s
cell killing efficiency while minimizing the toxicity associated with payload release, thus striking a balance between
therapeutic effects and toxic side effects.

Preclinical studies have shown that BA1302 is very potent in terms of internalization activity and bystander killing
effect. It has the potential to treat a broad spectrum of solid tumors as evidenced by its significant cytotoxicity against
three types of cancers (i.e. lung cancer, gastric cancer, and melanoma) with CD228 expression ranging from low
to high, as well as robust tumor suppression in patient-derived xenograft (PDX) models for multiple types of solid
tumors. BA1302 has shown a prolonged half-life, favorable pharmacokinetics, and a good safety and tolerability
profile in cynomolgus monkeys, indicating great promise for clinical use.

•   In July 2024, BA1302 has been approved to initiate clinical trials for treating multiple types of advanced solid
    tumors by the CDE of NMPA in China. This is the first CD228-targeted novel ADC drug candidate approved for
    clinical trials in China.

STRONG R&D CAPABILITIES

We have a fully-fledged proprietary R&D technology platform focusing on antibody discovery and drug development.
We have R&D teams and facilities located in Yantai and Nanjing in China and Boston in the U.S., with rich experience
and strong track records in drug discovery and development. In terms of technology, we boast proprietary Human
Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform,
ADC Technology Platform, and Cell Therapy Technology Platform which we believe these will provide us with great
technological support.

We take pride in our strong chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”) capability which is the backbone of the
quality and cost efficiency that we have maintained throughout the process of our drug development and commercial
production, especially in cell line development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-
analytical method development as well as technology transfer. Our CMC function establishes practical qualitative
and quantitative standards for us to maintain product quality and effectively progresses drug discovery to actual
manufacturing.

Our strong CMC capability accumulated through the years of effort has shortened drug development time and
enabled speed to market. We believe such capability is a formidable barrier to competitors and has paved the way for
our first-mover advantage.

Our high caliber R&D team has outstanding execution capability in drug development with a proven track record.
As of 30 June 2024, our R&D team consisted of 300 experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery
research, biotechnology research, biopharmaceutical analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical
research, pilot process research, clinical research, regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property
and other R&D functions, most of whom had R&D and clinical experience of more than seven years.




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




As a biopharmaceutical company, we are keenly aware of the importance of establishing and protecting our
intellectual property rights. We have filed a number of patent applications for our drug candidates in various
jurisdictions, and expect to rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property
rights, as well as employee and third-party confidentiality agreements, for safeguarding our intellectual properties. As
of the date of this report, we have been granted 36 patents and have 48 pending patent applications worldwide.

Underpinned by our strong R&D capability, we have published 15 research papers in world-renowned academic
journals including Cell Discovery of Nature, Antibody Therapeutics, and Cancer Communications, introducing our
research breakthroughs on some of our drug candidates.

STRONG MANUFACTURING CAPABILITY WITH HIGH QUALITY AND COST
EFFICIENCY

We have a sizable pilot and commercial production site located in Yantai, China. We employ a robust quality
management system for the Yantai Site that meets various quality standards such as good manufacturing practice
set by the relevant regulatory authorities of China and the EU QP. We have passed a number of audits in China
and the EU QP. Our Yantai Site, having a total gross floor area of approximately 84,474 sq.m., houses a number of
production lines with a total capacity of 2,000L for pilot production and 9,000L for commercial production, as well as
two formulation filling lines for both pilot and commercial production as of the date of this report. Our manufacturing
system including production, quality, engineering and etc. managed by a strong and integrated team, which as of 30
June 2024 had a total of 402 employees.

Apart from production capacity, our proprietary manufacturing capability, such as perfusion culture and fed-batch
culture, provides flexibility and improves the throughput and production efficiency. Our Yantai Site is also highly
versatile, adaptable to manufacturing drugs targeting different antibodies, and is capable of producing various
formulations. To further improve production cost efficiency, we utilize digital management in our production.

While improving production efficiency and scale, we are also practicing the concept of green and sustainable
development. By formulating a sound environmental management system, we improve resource utilization, promote
energy conservation and emission reduction, accelerate the application of artificial intelligence, promote digital
transformation, and promote the high-quality development of enterprises.

WELL-ESTABLISHED COMMERCIALIZATION CAPABILITY

We have successfully expanded our commercial portfolio into three products (Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia®)
spanning over multiple therapeutic areas.

During the Reporting Period, we have increased sale of products by 28.2% to RMB332.5 million, compared to
RMB259.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, mainly driven by the continued solid growth of our first
marketed product Boyounuo® (bevacizumab injection) coupled with the commercialization of Boyoubei® (denosumab
injection).

Leveraging our well-established and demonstrated commercialization capability backed by marketing strategies
implemented by our dedicated sales and marketing team, we believe that we are well positioned to achieve speed
to market and rapid ramp-up of product sales. Internally, we have a dedicated in-house sales and marketing team
with extensive industry experience, and they develop and implement marketing and sales initiatives and plans for our
product and drug candidates in their scheduled rollouts. Externally, we collaborate with various resourceful business
partners which lay the foundation for our strong commercialization capability. Our collaboration with experienced
third-party promoters effectively publicizes and maximize market potential of our products.




14         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




We had an extensive distribution network of more than 210 distributors as of 30 June 2024, penetrating selected
regions and reaching more than 2,700 target hospitals and institutions in China.

In May 2024, our third product Boluojia® has been approved for the treatment of GCTB in China. GCTB is a primary
borderline bone tumor that accounts for 13.7% to 17.3% of all primary bone tumors in China. GCTB is locally
aggressive, and has a propensity for local recurrence and distant metastases, which can be life-threatening in severe
cases. For patients whose tumor can be surgically resected, denosumab can help achieve surgical downgrading or
even avoid surgery. For patients whose tumor cannot be surgically resected, denosumab can effectively control it for
prolonged periods and improve their quality of life. In addition to GCTB, we are also working on the BLA of Boluojia®
in China for the indications of bone metastases from solid tumors and multiple myeloma. This product will bring new
treatment options for patients with related diseases, and will also bring new growth to our product sales.

EXTENSIVE COLLABORATION WITH VARIOUS RESOURCEFUL BUSINESS PARTNERS

We have explored a number of cooperations with well-known domestic and foreign companies in various fields as of
the date of this report.

For our launched products and drug candidates under development, we have granted Qingdao Conson
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Conson”) the exclusive right to commercialize Boyoubei® in Chinese Mainland.
We have also entered into an agreement with OcuMension regarding the product development cooperation, and
promotion and commercialization of BA9101 in China. OcuMension is a well-known ophthalmology pharmaceutical
company with a professional team. This cooperation will accelerate the commercialization of BA9101 to meet the
urgent clinical needs of Chinese patients. In April 2024, BA9101 completed its phase 3 clinical trial in China and the
BLA of BA9101 has been accepted by CDE in July 2024. In addition, we have granted Joincare the exclusive right to
the development, registration, manufacturing, and commercialization of BA2101 for the treatment of asthma, chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease and other respiratory system diseases in Chinese Mainland in January 2024. Joincare
is a leading Chinese company in the therapeutic area of respiratory diseases. It boasts a wide range of respiratory
products and has a dedicated marketing team covering the whole country, making it a top player in the field. Through
this partnership, we and Joincare will leverage our respective strengths in R&D and commercialization to accelerate
the clinical development of BA2101 for indications such as asthma and COPD. We will also use our strong clinical
capabilities to accelerate the development of additional indications, so that patients can benefit from BA2101 as soon
as possible.

For technology platform, we have also entered into an agreement with the Zencore Biologics, authorizing Zencore
Biologics to use our self-developed stable cell line development platform non-exclusively, BA-HIEXcell® for the
development of antibodies and therapeutic proteins in Chinese Mainland. BA-HIEXcell® is a cutting-edge platform in
the industry in terms of both the efficiency and the expression levels in cell line development.

POST RESULTS OUTLOOK

We have recorded a profit of RMB61.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. This achievement, together
with our half-yearly turnaround recorded from the six months ended 31 December 2023, have enabled us to secure
positive profitability for the one-year period ended 30 June 2024. This makes us one of the few Biotech Companies (as
defined under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter
referred to as the “Listing Rules”)) listed under Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules that have achieved positive earnings
by relying on product sales revenue. It is currently expected that we can deliver positive earnings for the year ending
31 December 2024.




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In addition, we have submitted BLA applications for two products (BA5101 and BA9101) in China, which are
expected to be approved for marketing in China in the second half of 2025. These two products will continue to
enrich our commercial portfolio to five products while providing a strong source of growth for our products revenue.

In terms of internationalization, our denosumab injection has completed the enrollment of all subjects in the
international multi-center clinical trial in Europe, the U.S. and Japan, which will be completed in mid-2025. We plan
to submit BLA for two denosumab injections (BA6101 and BA1102) in Europe, the U.S. and Japan in the second half
of 2025. Another product, dulaglutide injection, has also been approved by the U.S. FDA for clinical trials, providing a
strong impetus for the international BD-out of this product.

In terms of innovative drugs, our long-acting IL-4Rē product BA2101 have entered phase 2 clinical trials. Another 4
innovative drugs are progressing well in their phase 1 clinical trials and are expected to enter the next clinical stage in
2025. The relevant clinical results will also be presented and published in international academic journals or academic
forums. With such a wealth of R&D progress, we hope that there will be more opportunities for global cooperation in
relation to our pipeline products in the near future as well.

Finally, our vision is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company. In order to achieve our vision and goals, we
will continue to implement the following strategies.

Further strengthen our marketing capability and accelerate the commercialization of our drug
candidates by leveraging our experience in commercialized products

We plan to continue to strengthen our commercialization capability, which is critical to our future success and
profitability. Particularly, we plan to enhance the market share of Boyounuo® by expanding our sales and marketing
team and strengthening our distribution channels to cover more target hospitals. Our distributors and promoters
support us in the sales and marketing of our products. Therefore, we plan to broaden our nationwide sales and
distribution network through collaboration with sizable distributors having comprehensive distribution channels so
as to reach more target hospitals with potential strong demand of our products. We also plan to continue to expand
our experienced and professional sales and marketing team in China, which mainly focuses on market access,
medical affairs, and any other promotional initiatives in the therapeutic areas of oncology, metabolism, autoimmunity
and ophthalmology. To promote our products nationwide, we intend to selectively enter into promotion agreements
with reputable pharmaceutical companies and continue to collaborate with leading key opinion leaders in market
education and product promotion. For hospital coverage, we endeavour to enhance the penetration rate of hospitals
in China with tailored strategies for our specific products.

Establishing our marketing network and expanding our overseas footprint is instrumental to our vision of becoming
a leading global biopharmaceutical company. We plan to expand our presence into international markets through a
number of ways in selected markets or regions including accelerating clinical trial plans, identifying and working with
suitable distributors and collaborating with international reputable industry players on business development.

Accelerate products portfolio towards commercialization in selected overseas markets

We plan to continue to accelerate clinical trials of drug candidates and regulatory approval towards commercialization.
Specifically, in order to launch potential first-to-market biosimilar drugs with leading market share, we will continue to
strengthen our competitive edge on biosimilar drug development to enhance commercialization visibility. In the next
three years, we expect that 3 of our product candidates (BA5101, BA9101 and BA1104) will have the potential to
be launched in the China market and 3 of our product candidates (Boyounuo®, BA6101 and BA1102) will have the
potential to be launched in the overseas market.



16         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




We will also implement our first-to-market clinical development strategy, especially for our innovative antibody drug
candidates focusing on oncology with unmet medical needs, to accelerate the clinical trial and regulatory approval.

To strengthen our innovative antibody drug pipeline and accelerate clinical development, with our excellent drug
development skills, we seek to maintain a risk-balanced portfolio with a strategic combination of mature targets and
new targets, aiming to become first-in-class drugs.

Enrich our innovative antibody and ADC portfolio to maximize our long-term commercial
potential

Leveraging on our strong R&D capability and proprietary technology platforms, we plan to continue to develop
innovative antibody and ADC drug candidates with strategically selected targets and huge market potential. For
example, we will continue to optimize our proprietary technology platforms in supporting the development of our
innovative drug pipeline and advance clinical studies for new programs. We will also selectively pursue strategic
collaborations with respect to product license-in to enrich our portfolio and support our long-term sustainable growth.
In particular, we will prioritize license-in of products and product candidates focusing on oncology, with innovative
targets or targets developed through advanced technology platforms so as to enrich our portfolio and strengthen
R&D competitiveness. We plan to enhance our R&D resources by hiring talent with extensive international drug
discovery and development experience, and also by improving our R&D facilities and infrastructure.

Continue to optimize production capacity, enhance manufacturing processes, and reduce the
unit production cost

Our existing production capacity is sufficient to meet the short- to medium-term commercialization needs of our
products. Going forward, we will expand production facilities in an orderly manner based on the clinical development
progress of our innovative drug candidates, enhancing capacity utilization and the efficiency of existing fixed assets,
and reducing excessive investment in fixed assets.

We will seek to develop and optimize in-house process technologies, strengthen the digitalization of production,
upgrade our production facilities, enhance production knowhow, as well as introduce a new technology platform, with
a view to maintaining high-cost efficiency and production quality. We also plan to expand our in-house manufacturing
and quality control team by attracting and retaining experienced talent who has in-depth know-how. On this basis,
we will target industry challenges such as the construction of high-expression stable cell line and the optimization
of protein purification process. In the process of production optimization, we will explore the high-quality domestic
substitution of materials, increase the proportion of localization. Through these measures, we will continuously reduce
unit production costs and enhance the profitability of each product.

Explore collaboration with reputable partners from China and overseas to expand market
presence

Our integrated biopharmaceutical platform is built upon our in-house capabilities throughout the entire biologics value
chain which enables us to expand our market presence. We will maximize the value of our platform by exploring
collaboration with reputable partners from China and overseas in a number of ways. For example, we plan to
selectively enter into strategic cooperation, including license-out or co-development with partners, so as to facilitate
the clinical development and commercialization of our early-stage drug candidates. We may cooperate with business
partners, including promoters and distributors, to broaden our geographical coverage hence commercializing our late
stage drug candidates including BA1102, BA6101 and BA5101. We may also explore co-development opportunities
with leading global pharmaceutical companies and academic institutions to enhance our technology platforms. We
will selectively collaborate with strategic partners with the aim to commercialize our drug candidates outside of China
hence maximizing their market potential.



                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Continue to improve earnings and profitability

We will continue to expand our future earnings and profitability. With the approval of more new products, our
revenue will increase more significantly. The growth of product revenue scale can reduce the proportion of total
production costs on the one hand, and reduce the proportion of sales expenses by forming a product portfolio on
the other hand, bringing the profit margin of the operating business as a whole. In addition, we will optimize the
personnel structure, promote the efficient operation and management of the Company, and reduce the proportion
of management expenses without affecting the Company’s output. In terms of R&D project expenditure, we will
strictly control the input-output efficiency, optimize project proposals, select more cost-effective service partners
and upstream and downstream supply chains, reduce unnecessary waste and expenditure, improving the return on
investment as a result.

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB362.9 million, as
compared to RMB261.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of approximately
RMB101.7 million, or 38.9%. The increase was mainly attributable to the sustained growth of sales of Boyounuo®
(BA1101) and Boyoubei® (BA6101) in China.

Cost of Sales

Our cost of sales amounted to RMB80.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which accounted for
approximately 22.1% of our total revenue for the same period (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: 39.4%). The
decrease in cost of sales margin was mainly due to the increase of production volume in the six months ended 30
June 2024 and the upgrades in the Group’s product manufacturing processes resulting in a lower unit manufacturing
cost in 2024.

Gross Profit

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB282.6 million,
representing an increase of approximately RMB124.4 million, or 78.6%, as compared with that for the six months
ended 30 June 2023.

Other Income and Gains

Other income and gains consist of government grants, bank interest income and others. Government grants mainly
represent subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s research and development
activities and operation. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s other income and gains increased
to RMB36.1 million, as compared to RMB1.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an
increase of approximately RMB34.4 million. The increase was mainly attributable to an increase in government grants
recognised during the Period.




18        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Administrative Expenses

Our administrative expenses decreased from RMB26.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB24.3
million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily because of the decrease in professional consulting fees and
the enhancement of scientific and efficient management measures during the Period.

Selling and Distribution Expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB134.2
million, as compared to RMB117.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, representing an increase of
RMB17.1 million, or 14.6%. The increase in selling and distribution expenses was in line with the revenue growth
during the same period.

Research and Development Expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s recognised R&D expenses of approximately RMB85.8 million,
representing a decrease of approximately RMB40.2 million as compared with that to the six months ended 30 June
2023. The decreased R&D expenses was mainly due to the increase in R&D investment capitalised into deferred
development costs and more of the Group’s R&D projects had progressed to phase 3 clinical trial in the second half
of 2023.

Finance Costs

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB12.6 million, as compared to
RMB6.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023.

Income Tax Expense

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded income tax expense of nil, as compared to RMB0.2
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023.

Profit/Loss for the Period

As a result of the above, our profit for the Period amounted to RMB61.7 million for the six months ended 30 June
2024, as compared to the loss of RMB119.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023.

Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

The Group’s primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, which the Group have historically
generated through the sales of products and the proceeds from the Listing. The Company expects that the Group’s
cash needs in the near future will primarily relate to progressing the development of its drug candidates towards
receiving regulatory approval and commencing commercialization, as well as expanding its drug candidate portfolio.
In 2024, we actively explored financing channels and managed to maintain our cash position at a stable level for the
Group’s sustainable development.




                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




As at 30 June 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of RMB172.1 million, representing a decrease of RMB29.8
million, or 14.8%, compared to RMB201.9 million as at 31 December 2023. As at 30 June 2024, the Group had
net current assets of approximately RMB193.4 million, as compared to approximately RMB59.7 million as at
31 December 2023, representing an increase of RMB133.7 million. The current ratio of the Group increased to
approximately 1.35 as at 30 June 2024 from approximately 1.09 as at 31 December 2023. The increase in net
current assets was mainly attributable to higher trade and notes receivables.

As at 30 June 2024, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately
RMB654.2 million, as compared to approximately RMB396.2 million as at 31 December 2023. The balances of the
bank loans to the Group as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 were mainly due to a RMB250.0 million loan
facility granted to the Group in 2021 (the “Loan”), which shall be used to settle the Group’s shareholder loans in
relation to the purchase and installation of machinery and equipment for its new production lines. The Loan is due in
2026 and bears a floating interest rate updated per annum which is the latest five-year loan prime rate plus 5 basis
points. The other portion of the Group’s current interest-bearing bank loans as at 30 June 2024 was attributable to
the discounted notes receivable of RMB14.7 million because the Group discounted certain notes receivable to the
bank prior to the notes’ maturity date with effective interest rates within a range between 1.22% to 2.12% to fund its
daily operations. In 2024, the Group had entered into a loan facility of RMB300 million with China Jingu International
Trust Co., Ltd., to facilitate the swift development and marketing of various products and accelerate the Company’s
commercial success.

Amongst the loans and borrowings, approximately RMB177.4 million are repayable within one year, and
approximately RMB476.8 million are repayable after one year. As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s borrowings were
primarily denominated in RMB, and the cash and cash equivalents were primarily denominated in RMB.

Gearing Ratio

As at 30 June 2024, the gearing ratio of the Group, which is calculated by dividing total borrowings by total equity,
increased to 47.0% from 30.0% as at 31 December 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the
Group’s borrowings during the Period.

Capital Commitments

The Group has leased certain offices, equipment and buildings under operating lease arrangements with a term
ranging from one to five years. At the end of the Period, the Group had capital commitments for the acquisition of
property, plant and equipment with amounts of RMB234.1 million (31 December 2023: RMB225.0 million). They
primarily relate to expenditures expected to be incurred for the purchase of machinery and renovation of our existing
laboratories and buildings.

Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

As at 30 June 2024, there were no significant investments held by the Group or future plans for significant
investments or capital assets.

The Company did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for the
six months ended 30 June 2024.

Contingent Liabilities

The Group did not have any contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2024.


20         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Charges on Group Assets

As at 30 June 2024, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets with an aggregate
amount of RMB255.7 million were pledged to secure its bank and other borrowings.

Hedging Activities

As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes and did not enter into any
hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk or interest rate risk.

Employees and Remuneration Policy

As at 30 June 2024, the Group employed a total of 777 employees, as compared to a total of 745 employees as at
30 June 2023. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the staff costs, (including emoluments of the directors of the
Company (the “Directors”) but excluding any contributions to pension scheme), were approximately RMB86.4 million
as compared to RMB85.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023. The objective of the Group’s remuneration
policy is to motivate and retain talented employees to achieve the Group’s long term corporate goals and objectives.
The Group’s employee remuneration policy is determined by taking into account factors such as remuneration in
respect of the overall remuneration standard in the industry and employee’s performance. The management reviews
the Group’s employee remuneration policy and arrangements on a regular basis. Moreover, the social insurance
contributions are made by the Group for its PRC employees in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not hold any significant investment with a value greater than 5% of its total assets as at 30 June 2024.
The Group does not have plans for material investments or capital assets.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.21 OF THE LISTING RULES

On 12 April 2024, the Company entered into a loan facility with China Jingu International Trust Co., Ltd. (the
“Lender”) whereby the Lender has agreed to extend a term loan of RMB300,000,000 to the Company (the “Facility”).
In connection with the Facility, Shandong Luye, a controlling shareholder of the Company, has agreed to pledge
74,387,153 H shares of the Company in favour of the Lender as security for the Company’s repayment obligations
under the Facility. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 April 2024 for further details. The
above obligation continues to exist as at the date of this report.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 7 August 2024, the Company completed the placing of a total of 26,655,600 new shares, representing
approximately 4.97% of the total issued shares (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of such placing shares), at the
placing price of HK$9.50 per placing share to no less than six placees. For details of the placing, please refer to the
Company’s announcements dated 31 July 2024 and 7 August 2024. On 28 August 2024, the articles of association
of the Company was amended to reflect the corresponding changes to the capital structure and registered capital
of the Company (the “Amendment”). For details of the Amendment, please refer to the Company’s announcement
dated 23 August 2024.




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 21
OTHER INFORMATION



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

There was no purchase, sale and redemption of any listed securities (including treasury shares) of the Company by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the six months ended 30 June 2024. As at 30 June 2024, the Company
did not hold any treasury shares.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed together with the management the accounting principles and
policies adopted by the Group, the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and interim results
announcement of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and recommended its adoption by the Board.

In addition, the independent auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, has reviewed the unaudited interim results for
the six months ended 30 June 2024 in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants.

CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

Professor Shi Luwen, an independent non-executive Director, was appointed as an independent non-executive director
of Sunho Biologics, Inc. (盛禾生物控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 2898) on 24 May 2024.

Save as disclosed above and in this report, there was no change to any of the information required to be disclosed in
relation to any Director and supervisors of the Company (the “Supervisors”) pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing
Rules.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

No interim dividend was declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30
June 2023: Nil).




22         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
OTHER INFORMATION




FUND RAISING ACTIVITIES

The Group did not conduct any equity fund-raising activities during the Reporting Period.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of
shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate
governance.

During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set
out in Part 2 the of CG Code, except for the following deviation:

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code

Under C.2.1 of the CG Code, the chairman and the chief executive should be separate and should not be performed
by the same individual.

Under the current organisation structure of the Company, Ms. Jiang Hua is the chairlady and chief executive officer of
the Group. With extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that Ms. Jiang Hua should
continue to assume the responsibilities of chief executive officer as this arrangement will improve the efficiency of our
decision-making and execution process given her knowledge of the Group’s affairs. The Company has put in place
an appropriate check-and-balance mechanism through the Board and its independent non-executive Directors.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms no less exacting
than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuer
(the “Model Code”) of Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and
Supervisors and the Directors and Supervisors have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code for the
six months ended 30 June 2024.




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  23
OTHER INFORMATION




DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 30 June 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which would be required, pursuant to section 352 of
the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which would be required to be notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, are as follows:

                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage
                                                                                                                             holding in
                                                                    Class of                        Number of          the total issued
 Name                         Nature of Interest                    Shares                            Shares             share capital

 JIANG Hua                    Interest in a controlled              H Shares                      9,000,000 (L)                    1.77%
                                 corporation1, 2, 3

 DOU Changlin                 Interest in a controlled              H Shares                      6,800,000 (L)                    1.34%
                                 corporation1, 2, 3

 LIU Yuanchong                Interest in a controlled              H Shares                      4,000,000 (L)                    0.79%
                                 corporation1, 2, 3

 LI Li                        Interest in a controlled              H Shares                     47,638,668 (L)                    9.35%
                                 corporation1, 2, 3

Remark:   The letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

Notes:

1.   Yantai Bolian Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博聯投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bolian”) held 21,415,548 Shares. Ms.
     LI is the general partner of Yantai Bolian and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bolian. Pursuant to the
     partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bolian held 4,720,000 and 6,800,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG and Dr. DOU,
     respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bolian.

2.   Yantai Bofa Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博發投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bofa”) held 11,268,488 Shares. Ms. LI
     is the general partner of Yantai Bofa and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bofa. Pursuant to the
     partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bofa held 1,800,000 and 1,000,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG and Mr. LIU,
     respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bofa.

3.   Yantai Bosheng Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博晟投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bosheng”) holds 14,954,632 Shares.
     Ms. LI is the general partner of Yantai Bosheng and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bosheng.
     Pursuant to the partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bosheng held 2,480,000 and 3,000,000 Shares on behalf of Ms.
     JIANG and Mr. LIU, respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bosheng.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, none of our Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company
has any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) recorded in the register required to be kept
under section 352 of the SFO, or (ii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code.




24          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
OTHER INFORMATION




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2024, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) had or deemed or taken to have an interests and/or short position
in the Shares or the underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                       percentage of
                                                                                                     shareholding in
                                                           Class of                 Number of        the total issued
 Name of Shareholder          Nature of interest           Shares                     Shares            share capital


 Shandong Luye             Beneficial owner1               H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
                           Beneficial owner1               H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
 Yantai Luye               Interest in a controlled        H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
   Pharmaceutical Holdings corporation1
   Co., Ltd. (煙台綠葉醫藥 Interest in a controlled              H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
   控股（集團）有限公司)                corporation1
   (“Yantai Luye”)
 Luye Pharma Hong Kong Interest in a controlled            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
   Limited (“Luye HK”)        corporation1
                           Interest in a controlled        H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
                              corporation1
 AsiaPharm Investments     Interest in a controlled        H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
   Ltd. (“AsiaPharm”)         corporation1
                           Interest in a controlled        H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
                              corporation1
 Luye Pharma               Interest in a controlled        H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
                              corporation1
                           Interest in a controlled        H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
                              corporation1
 LuYe Pharmaceutical       Interest in a controlled        H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
   Investment Co., Ltd.       corporation2
   (“LuYe Investment”)     Interest in a controlled        H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
                              corporation2
 LuYe Pharmaceutical       Interest in a controlled        H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
   International Co., Ltd.    corporation2
   (“LuYe International”)  Interest in a controlled        H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
                              corporation2
 Luye Pharma Holdings      Interest in a controlled        H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
   Limited                    corporation2
   (“Luye Holdings”)       Interest in a controlled        H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
                              corporation2
 Luye Life Sciences        Interest in a controlled        H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                70.81%
   Group Ltd. (“Luye Life     corporation2
   Sciences”)              Interest in a controlled        H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                14.61%
                              corporation2


                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 25
OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                                                       shareholding in
                                                                      Class of                      Number of          the total issued
 Name of Shareholder              Nature of interest                  Shares                          Shares              share capital


 Nelumbo Investments              Interest in a controlled            H Shares                360,596,456 (L)                  70.81%
   Limited (“Nelumbo”)               corporation2
                                  Interest in a controlled            H Shares                  74,387,153 (S)                 14.61%
                                     corporation2
 Ginkgo (PTC) Limited             Trustee2                            H Shares                360,596,456 (L)                  70.81%
   (“Ginkgo”)                     Trustee2                            H Shares                 74,387,153 (S)                  14.61%
 Shorea LBG (“Shorea”)            Interest in a controlled            H Shares                360,596,456 (L)                  70.81%
                                     corporation2
                                  Interest in a controlled            H Shares                  74,387,153 (S)                 14.61%
                                     corporation2
 Mr. LIU Dian Bo                  Founder of a                        H Shares                360,596,456 (L)                  70.81%
                                     discretionary trust2
                                  Founder of a discretionary          H Shares                  74,387,153 (S)                 14.61%
                                    trust2


Remark:   The letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

Notes:

1.   Shandong Luye is wholly owned by Yantai Luye, which in turn is wholly owned by Luye HK. Luye HK is in turn wholly owned by AsiaPharm
     and AsiaPharm is wholly owned by Luye Pharma. Accordingly, each of Luye Pharma, AsiaPharm, Luye HK and Yantai Luye is deemed
     under the SFO to be interested in the Shares held by Shandong Luye.

2.   Luye Pharma is beneficially owned as to approximately 35.42% by LuYe Investment. LuYe Investment is indirectly wholly-owned by
     Luye Life Sciences, through LuYe International and Luye Holdings. Luye Life Sciences is owned as to 70% by Nelumbo. The entire issued
     share capital of Nelumbo is held by Ginkgo as trustee of the family trust of Mr. LIU. Ginkgo is wholly-owned by Shorea whose sole
     shareholder is Mr. LIU. Mr. LIU is a director of Luye Pharma. For the avoidance of doubt, LuYe Investment, LuYe International, Luye
     Holdings, Luye Life Sciences, Nelumbo, Ginkgo, Shorea and Mr. LIU are not substantial shareholders of the Company.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Directors are not aware of any person who had interests or
short positions in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be
kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




26          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT




                                   Ernst & Young                   ‫ࡋ؍‬㫵嬴㍳з⥽۱                     Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                                   27/F, One Taikoo Place          ௚࢔每欧ࢅਸ਼छଳ垹              Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                                   979 King’s Road
                                   Quarry Bay, Hong Kong           ‫ן‬Վⵐ▲‫ ڇ‬㶣                   ey.com



To the board of directors of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 28 to 44, which comprises the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2024 and the related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and
explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation
of this interim financial information in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this
interim financial information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our
agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that
might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
27 August 2024




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 27
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                                 2024          2023
                                                                           (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                   Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000


REVENUE                                                             4         362,942        261,232
Cost of sales                                                                 (80,314)      (103,015)


Gross profit                                                                  282,628       158,217

Other income and gains                                                          36,140           1,680
Research and development costs                                                 (85,798)     (126,028)
Administrative expenses                                                        (24,308)       (26,552)
Selling and distribution expenses                                             (134,238)     (117,121)
Other expenses                                                                    (156)         (3,215)
Finance costs                                                                  (12,596)         (6,255)


PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                                            5          61,672       (119,274)

Income tax expense                                                  6                –           (239)


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD                                                   61,672       (119,513)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                         61,672       (119,513)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or
  loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                        (74)          435


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                                        (74)          435


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
  FOR THE PERIOD                                                               61,598       (119,078)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                         61,598       (119,078)


EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

Basic and diluted (RMB)                                             8             0.12          (0.23)




28         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
30 June 2024



                                                                                 30 June    31 December
                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                              (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                  Notes         RMB’000         RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                                    596,983           615,417
Advance payments for property, plant and equipment and
   intangible assets                                                               52,070           32,765
Right-of-use assets                                                                10,861           11,693
Intangible assets                                                               1,139,443          950,504


Total non-current assets                                                        1,799,357      1,610,379


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                                      177,982           165,291
Trade and notes receivables                                         9            346,424           276,195
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                   46,315            57,381
Pledged deposits                                                                   6,180            12,290
Cash and cash equivalents                                                        172,124           201,850


Total current assets                                                             749,025           713,007


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                                  2,448             3,567
Trade and notes payables                                            10           237,211           217,572
Other payables and accruals                                                      126,189           239,464
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                       177,415           167,839
Due to related parties                                             12(c)          12,363            24,907


Total current liabilities                                                        555,626           653,349


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                               193,399            59,658


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                           1,992,756      1,670,037




                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        29
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
30 June 2024




                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                         (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                             5,574           6,175
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                  476,810         228,324
Government grants                                                             5,527           3,000
Other non-current liabilities                                               113,087         112,670


Total non-current liabilities                                               600,998         350,169


Net assets                                                                 1,391,758      1,319,868


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                               509,278         509,278
Reserves                                                                    882,480         810,590


Total equity                                                               1,391,758      1,319,868




30           SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                                          Safety     Exchange
                                                Share         Share           Other   production    fluctuation Accumulated          Total
                                               capital     premium*       reserves*     reserve*       reserve*     losses*         equity
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


At 1 January 2024 (audited)                     509,278     1,329,450      104,549         5,893         1,803      (631,105)    1,319,868
Profit for the period                                 –             –            –             –             –        61,672        61,672
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations                                  –            –             –             –           (74)             –          (74)


Total comprehensive income for the period             –            –             –             –           (74)       61,672        61,598
Appropriation to safety production reserve            –            –             –         1,075             –        (1,075)            –
Safety production reserve used                        –            –             –          (590)            –           590             –
Share-based payment arrangements                      –            –        10,292             –             –             –        10,292


At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                     509,278     1,329,450      114,841         6,378         1,729      (569,918)    1,391,758

*         These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB882,480,000 in the consolidated statement of financial position as
          at 30 June 2024.


                                                                                           Safety     Exchange
                                                 Share         Share          Other    production    fluctuation Accumulated        Total
                                                capital     premium        reserves       reserve        reserve      losses       equity
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2023 (audited)                    509,278     1,329,450        83,909         5,227         1,575      (511,062)    1,418,377
Loss for the period                                  –             –             –             –             –      (119,513)     (119,513)
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations                                  –            –             –             –           435              –         435


Total comprehensive loss for the period               –            –             –             –           435      (119,513)     (119,078)
Appropriation to safety production reserve            –            –             –         4,762             –         (4,762)           –
Safety production reserve used                        –            –             –          (558)            –            558            –
Share-based payment arrangements                      –            –        10,235             –             –              –       10,235


At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                    509,278     1,329,450        94,144         9,431         2,010      (634,779)    1,309,534




                                               INTERIM REPORT 2024       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                          31
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                             2024          2023
                                                                       (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                   61,672       (119,274)
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                            12,596           6,255
  Bank interest income                                                       (266)         (1,068)
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            18,661         27,738
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         875           3,053
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                         8,776         12,404
  Impairment/(reversal of impairment) on trade receivables, net               123              (26)
  Share-based payment expense                                              10,292         10,235
  Foreign exchange difference, net                                              –          (2,830)


                                                                          112,729        (63,513)
Increase in inventories                                                    (4,835)       (14,367)
(Increase)/decrease in trade and notes receivables                        (94,270)          3,808
Decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                11,066           6,859
Decrease/(increase) in pledged deposits                                     6,110          (1,034)
Increase in trade and notes payables                                       19,639         10,351
(Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                        (88,508)        18,601
(Decrease)/increase in amounts due to related parties                     (13,969)          9,038
Increase in government grants                                               2,527               –
Increase in other non-current liabilities                                       –           2,120


Cash used in operations                                                    (49,511)      (28,137)


Net cash flows used in operating activities                                (49,511)      (28,137)




32         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                                          2024           2023
                                                                                    (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


Net cash flows used in operating activities                                             (49,511)          (28,137)


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                     (58,817)          (61,574)
Increase in intangible assets                                                          (190,636)          (81,073)
Bank interest received                                                                      266             1,062


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                            (249,187)         (141,585)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                                                322,688               8,231
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                                 (44,315)           (15,000)
Decrease in pledged deposits                                                                 –           200,000
Principal portion of lease payments                                                     (1,769)             (3,857)
Interest paid                                                                           (8,989)             (6,467)
Advances from a related party                                                            1,425                   –


Net cash flows from financing activities                                               269,040           182,907


NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND
   CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                                    (29,658)           13,185
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                       201,850           233,498
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                               (68)            3,288


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                             172,124           249,971


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                                 178,304           258,165
Less: Pledged deposits for notes payable                                                (6,180)            (8,194)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the interim condensed consolidated
  statement of financial position and the interim condensed consolidated
  statement of cash flows                                                              172,124           249,971




                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          33
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2024 has been
     prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial
     information does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and
     should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
     December 2023.

2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

     The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information
     are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements
     for the year ended 31 December 2023, except for the adoption of the following revised International Financial
     Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) for the first time for the current period’s financial information.

     Amendments to IFRS 16                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
     Amendments to IAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                     (the “2020 Amendments”)
     Amendments to IAS 1                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
     Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                Supplier Finance Arrangements

     The nature and impact of the revised IFRSs are described below:

     (a) Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
         arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the
         gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions
         with variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date of initial
         application of IFRS 16, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of
         the Group.

     (b) The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including
         what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting
         period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer
         settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that
         only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the
         terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants
         of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the
         reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are
         required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
         months after the reporting period.

         The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 2024 and
         concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged upon initial
         application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial
         position or performance of the Group.

     (c) Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require
         additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended
         to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an
         entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. The disclosure of relevant information for supplier
         finance arrangements is not required for any interim reporting period during the first annual reporting period
         in which an entity applies the amendments. As the Group does not have supplier finance arrangements, the
         amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.


34          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



3. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

  For management purposes, the Group is not organised into business units based on their products and only
  has one reportable operating segment. Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s operating
  segment as a whole for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.

4. REVENUE

  An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                    ended 30 June
                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                               (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


  Revenue from contracts with customers                                             362,942           261,232


  Disaggregated revenue information for revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                    ended 30 June
                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                               (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


  Type of goods or services
  Sale of products                                                                  332,492           259,345
  Out-licensing agreements                                                           30,450                 –
  Provision of research and development services                                          –             1,887


  Total                                                                             362,942           261,232


  Timing of revenue recognition
  Transferred at a point in time                                                    362,942           259,345
  Transferred over time                                                                   –             1,887


  Total                                                                             362,942           261,232


  Geographical market

  All of the Group’s revenue was generated from customers located in Chinese Mainland during the period.




                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           35
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



5. PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                           For the six months
                                                                                             ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Cost of inventories sold                                                                 78,776            95,920
     Cost of services provided                                                                     –                233
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            18,661            27,738
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                         875              3,053
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                         8,776            12,404
     Research and development costs                                                           85,798           126,028
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                       3,163              2,703
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                      802                829
     Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                         1,538              6,862
     Impairment/(reversal of impairment) on trade receivables, net                               123                 (26)
     Foreign exchange differences, net                                                           121              3,214
     Government grants                                                                       (35,783)              (522)
     Bank interest income                                                                       (266)            (1,068)


6. INCOME TAX

     The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
     members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

     The major components of income tax expense for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 are:

                                                                                           For the six months
                                                                                             ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Deferred tax                                                                                   –               239


     Total tax charge for the period                                                                –               239




36          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7. DIVIDENDS

  No interim dividend was declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30
  June 2023: Nil).

8. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS
   OF THE PARENT

  The calculation of the basic earnings/(loss) per share amounts is based on the profit/(loss) for the period
  attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of
  509,278,094 (2023: 509,278,094) in issue during the period.

  The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and
  2023.

9. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES

                                                                                       30 June        31 December
                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                    (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


  Trade receivables                                                                      313,547           213,199
  Notes receivable                                                                        33,000            62,996


  Subtotal                                                                               346,547           276,195
  Impairment                                                                                (123)                –


  Net carrying amount                                                                    346,424           276,195


  The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally one to three
  months, depending on the specific payment terms in each contract. The Group seeks to maintain strict control
  over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances
  are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade
  receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk.
  The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade
  receivables are non-interest-bearing.

  Included in the Group’s trade receivables is an amount due from a related party of RMB503,000 (31 December
  2023: RMB554,000), which is repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the
  Group.

  As at 30 June 2024, notes receivable of RMB6,087,000 (31 December 2023: RMB62,996,000) whose fair values
  approximate to their carrying values were classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income under IFRS 9. The fair value changes of these notes receivable at fair value through other comprehensive
  income were insignificant. The remaining notes receivable of RMB26,913,000 (31 December 2023: Nil) were
  measured at amortised cost.



                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 37
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



9. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

     An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and
     net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


     Within 3 months                                                                     206,606           206,276
     3 to 6 months                                                                         2,630             5,730
     6 to 12 months                                                                      104,104             1,193
     1 to 2 years                                                                             84                 –


     Total                                                                               313,424           213,199


10. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES

                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


     Trade payables                                                                      192,432           185,691
     Notes payable                                                                        44,779            31,881


     Total                                                                               237,211           217,572


     An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
     follows:

                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


     Within 3 months                                                                      96,894           120,678
     3 to 6 months                                                                        28,761            30,234
     6 to 12 months                                                                       51,891            27,828
     1 to 2 years                                                                         13,613             4,999
     Over 2 years                                                                          1,273             1,952


     Total                                                                               192,432           185,691




38           SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



10. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES (CONTINUED)

  The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

  The maturity of notes payable is within six months.

  At 30 June 2024, notes payable were secured by certain of the deposits amounting to approximately
  RMB6,180,000 (31 December 2023: RMB12,290,000).

11. COMMITMENTS

  At the end of the reporting period, the Group had contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant
  and equipment with amounts of RMB234,108,000 (31 December 2023: RMB225,008,000).

12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  The Group’s principal related parties are as follows:

   Name                                                                          Relationship with the Company


   Shandong Luye                                                                The immediate holding company
   Mr. Liu Dian Bo                                                                    Director of Shandong Luye
   Yantai Luye Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Luye”)                 Shareholder of Shandong Luye
   Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited (“Luye Hong Kong”)                                  Shareholder of Yantai Luye
   Nanjing Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Luye”)                              Controlled by Yantai Luye
   Yantai Luye Drugs Trading Co., Ltd. (“Luye Trading”)                           Controlled by Shandong Luye
   Nanjing Junshi Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Junshi”)              Controlled by Shandong Luye
   Shandong International Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd.                     Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
     (“Biotech Park Development”)
   GeneLeap Biotechnology LLC (“GeneLeap Biotechnology”)                           Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
   Yantai Yunyue Winery Management Co., Ltd. (“Yunyue Winery”)                     Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
   Yantai Cellzone Medical Diagnostics Center Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Cellzone”)        Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo




                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              39
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     (a) The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                                       For the six months
                                                                                                         ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                   Notes              RMB’000          RMB’000


        Sales of goods to:
          Luye Trading                                                                (i)                      494                  717
        Lease and property management services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (ii)                    965                   196
          Biotech Park Development                                                    (ii)                  3,699                   247
          Luye Trading                                                                (ii)                     14                    23
          Nanjing Luye                                                                (ii)                    582                     –
        Testing services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (ii)                      11                    14
        EHS management services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (ii)                     423                  374
        Operation services from:
          Nanjing Luye                                                                (ii)                     647                  295
        Accommodation services from:
          Yunyue Winery                                                               (ii)                      34                    23
        Advances from:
          Luye Hong Kong                                                              (iii)                 1,425                      –
        Payments on behalf by:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (iii)                 5,223                 8,020
          Biotech Park Development                                                    (iii)                 1,033                   890
          GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                      (iii)                 1,233                   771
          Yantai Luye                                                                 (iii)                     –                   119
        Repayments to:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (iii)                20,676                    28
          Biotech Park Development                                                    (iii)                 2,607                 1,490
          GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                      (iii)                 1,211                   615
          Yantai Luye                                                                 (iii)                    38                   191

        Notes:

        (i)      The transaction price was determined on normal commercial terms, negotiated on arm’s length basis, and on similar basis as
                 the Group conducted businesses with major customers.

        (ii)     The transaction prices were determined on terms mutually agreed between the parties with reference to the actual costs
                 incurred and fees for similar transactions in the market.

        (iii)    The payments on behalf and advances were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




40              SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

  (b) Other transactions with related parties:

     As at 30 June 2024, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, and Yantai Luye,
     shareholder of Shandong Luye, have guaranteed the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB185,218,000 (31
     December 2023: RMB210,273,000).

     As at 30 June 2024, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, has guaranteed
     the Group’s bank and other borrowings amounting to RMB427,904,000 (31 December 2023:
     RMB100,000,000).

  (c) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                           30 June         31 December
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

     Trade receivables:
     Luye Trading                                                                                 503                 554


     Due to related parties:
     Shandong Luye*                                                                             4,058             17,499
     Biotech Park Development**                                                                   870              2,031
     Nanjing Luye                                                                               1,888              1,237
     GeneLeap Biotechnology***                                                                     43                 21
     Yantai Luye***                                                                                 –                 38
     Yantai Cellzone                                                                            1,164              1,164
     Luye Hong Kong***                                                                          2,808              1,374
     Nanjing Junshi                                                                             1,532              1,532
     Yunyue Winery                                                                                  –                 11


                                                                                              12,363              24,907


     Lease liabilities:
     Biotech Park Development                                                                       –               1,190
     Nanjing Luye                                                                                 739                 739
     GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                                     7,283               7,813


                                                                                                8,022               9,742

     *     At 30 June 2024, a balance of RMB3,141,000 was trade in nature (31 December 2023: RMB1,647,000), and a balance of
           RMB917,000 was non-trade in nature (31 December 2023: RMB15,852,000).

     **    At 30 June 2024, a balance of RMB317,000 was trade in nature (31 December 2023: Nil), and a balance of RMB553,000
           was non-trade in nature (31 December 2023: RMB2,031,000).

     ***   The balances were non-trade in nature.

     Except as disclosed above, other outstanding balances with related parties were all trade in nature.

     The balances with related parties except for lease liabilities are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed
     terms of repayment.

                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                     41
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                           For the six months
                                                                                             ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             5,150              5,256
         Performance related bonuses                                                           1,884              1,750
         Pension scheme contributions                                                            438                304
         Share-based payment expense                                                           7,626              7,390


         Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                  15,098             14,700


13. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade
     receivables, notes receivable classified as debt investments at amortised cost, financial assets included in
     prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade and notes payable, financial liabilities included in other
     payables and accruals, amounts due to related parties and current portion of interest-bearing bank and other
     borrowings and lease liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of
     these instruments.

     The Group’s finance department headed by the financial manager is responsible for determining the policies
     and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to
     the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the
     movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The
     valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.

     The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
     exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
     methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

     The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities have
     been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with
     similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-
     performance risk were assessed to be insignificant.

     The fair values of the notes receivable classified as debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
     income have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows, which are the par values of the
     notes receivable. In addition, the notes receivable will mature within twelve months, and thus, their fair values
     approximate to their carrying values.




42         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



13. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)

  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

  Assets measured at fair value:

  As at 30 June 2024

                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                            Quoted prices          Significant       Significant
                                                 in active         observable      unobservable
                                                 markets               inputs            inputs
                                                 (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

  Notes receivable                                         –             6,087                  –               6,087


  As at 31 December 2023

                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                             Quoted prices           Significant       Significant
                                                  in active         observable      unobservable
                                                  markets                inputs            inputs
                                                  (Level 1)            (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

  Notes receivable                                         –            62,996                  –              62,996


  During the period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
  transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (six months ended 30 June 2023:
  Nil).




                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               43
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



13. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)

     Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

     As at 30 June 2024

                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                              Quoted prices          Significant       Significant
                                                   in active         observable      unobservable
                                                   markets               inputs            inputs
                                                   (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)             Total
                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

     Interest-bearing bank and
        other borrowings                                     –           573,072                   –          573,072


     As at 31 December 2023

                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                Quoted prices          Significant       Significant
                                                     in active        observable      unobservable
                                                     markets               inputs            inputs
                                                     (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

     Interest-bearing bank and
        other borrowings                                     –           310,273                   –          310,273


14. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On 7 August 2024, a total of 26,655,600 new shares, representing approximately 4.97% of the total issued
     shares (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the placing shares), have been placed in the Company at the
     placing price of HK$9.50 per placing share to no less than six placees. For details of the information, please refer
     to the Company’s announcements dated 31 July 2024 and 7 August 2024.




44         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2024
