山東 博安 生 物技 術 股 份 有限 公司
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Stock Code : 6955




     2024
      ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS


02 COMPANY OVERVIEW

03 CORPORATE INFORMATION

05 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

07 CHAIRLADY’S STATEMENT

09 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

32 DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

41 REPORT OF DIRECTORS

54 WORK REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR
   2024

57 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

74 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

79 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

80 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

82 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

84 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

86 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    COMPANY OVERVIEW



    Established in 2013, Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (山東博安生物技術股份有限公司) (“Boan Biotech”,
    the “Company” or “our Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical
    company developing, manufacturing, and marketing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases,
    ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases. The Company’s drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms:
    Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology
    Platform, ADC Technology Platform and Cell Therapy Platform.

    Boan Biotech operates across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line
    development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development,
    technology transfer, non-clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial
    production. In the cell therapy field, Boan Biotech focuses on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T
    technology, developing safer, more effective, and affordable treatments for patients.

    Boan Biotech’s portfolio includes three commercial products. Its pipeline includes multiple novel biologics as drug
    candidates protected for their international intellectual property rights and a number of biosimilar candidates. In
    addition to the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), the Company is also developing biological products
    in overseas markets, including the United States (“U.S.”), the European Union (“EU”) and Japan. With a differentiated
    portfolio and well-established commercial capabilities, Boan Biotech operates across the industry’s value chain from
    research and development to manufacturing and commercialization, laying a solid foundation for long-term, high
    quality growth in the future.




2   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE INFORMATION



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     STRATEGY COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                    Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chairlady)
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                     Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
(Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady of our Board)   Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)
Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
(President of R&D and Chief Operating Officer)         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                       GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Non-executive Directors                                Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chairlady)
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                         Ms. LI Li (李莉)

Independent Non-executive Directors                    REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)                              PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)                                  No. 39 Keji Avenue
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)                                    High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
                                                       Yantai, Shandong Province
SUPERVISORS                                            China
Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei (張曉玫) (Chairlady)
Ms. NING Xia (寧夏)                                      HEADQUARTERS IN THE
Ms. LIU Xiangjie (劉祥杰)                                 PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
                                                       No. 39 Keji Avenue
COMPANY SECRETARY                                      High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟) (FCG, HKFCG)                    Yantai, Shandong Province
                                                       China
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟)                                 IN HONG KONG
                                                       Room 1918, 19/F
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        Lee Garden One
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄) (Chairperson)                    33 Hysan Avenue
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                Causeway Bay
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)                                    Hong Kong

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 H SHARES SHARE REGISTRAR
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林) (Chairperson)                      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                         Shops 1712–1716
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)                                  17th Floor Hopewell Centre
                                                       183 Queen’s Road East
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                   Wanchai
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文) (Chairperson)                Hong Kong
Ms. LI Li (李莉)
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                              SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     3
    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    LEGAL ADVISERS
    As to Hong Kong laws:
    Allen Overy Shearman Sterling
    9/F, Three Exchange Square
    Central
    Hong Kong

    As to PRC laws:
    King & Wood Mallesons
    18th Floor, East Tower
    World Financial Center
    1 Dongsanhuan Zhonglu
    Chaoyang District
    Beijing 100020
    China

    AUDITOR
    Ernst & Young
    Certified Public Accountants
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    27/F, One Taikoo Place
    979 King’s Road
    Quarry Bay
    Hong Kong

    STOCK CODE
    6955

    COMPANY’S WEBSITE
    www.boan-bio.com

    PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
    China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd.
    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Bank of America
    Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch




4   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



1. REVENUE

   During the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group has built a dedicated
   commercialization team by the use of proactive marketing strategy and efficient executive capability in sales,
   through which the Group rapidly established a foothold in the domestic market, laying a solid foundation for the
   subsequent transformation of the Company. With the commercialization of three products, the Group witnessed
   a significant increase in revenue during the Reporting Period.

   For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB726.3 million, as
   compared to RMB618.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately
   RMB108.2 million, or 17.5%. The increase was mainly attributable to the growth of sales of Boyounuo® (BA1101)
   and Boyoubei® (BA6101) in China, and the growth of licensing revenue.

2. COST OF SALES

   Cost of sales of the Group primarily represents materials and consumables, labour costs associated with
   production, utilities and maintenance fee as well as depreciation and amortisation expenses of production
   equipment, facilities and intangible assets.

   Our cost of sales decreased from RMB209.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately
   RMB183.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, which accounted for approximately 25.3% of our total
   revenue for the same year (2023: 33.9%).

3. GROSS PROFIT

   For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB542.6 million,
   representing an increase of approximately RMB133.7 million, or 32.7%, as compared with that for the year
   ended 31 December 2023.

4. SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

   For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB285.8
   million, as compared to RMB256.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of
   RMB29.3 million, or 11.4%. The increase in selling expenses was in line with the revenue growth during the same
   period.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           5
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




    5. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

       The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s research and development (“R&D”) expenses for the
       years indicated:

                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


       R&D service fees                                                                  36,949           96,675
       Raw materials and consumables expenses                                            31,334           33,388
       Staff costs and share-based payments                                              54,485           67,867
       Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                            15,483           17,776
       Others                                                                            11,023           14,976


                                                                                        149,274          230,682


       For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s recognised R&D expenses were approximately RMB149.3
       million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB81.4 million, as compared to the year ended 31 December
       2023. The decreased R&D expenses was mainly due to the increase in R&D investment capitalised into deferred
       development costs as multiple key R&D projects of the Group had progressed to phase 3 clinical trial.

    6. FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                          2020            2021            2022             2023           2024
                                     RMB Million     RMB Million     RMB Million      RMB Million    RMB Million


       Revenue                                 –            158.7           516.0           618.1           726.3
       Gross profit                            –            106.5           354.2           408.9           542.6
       Net profit/(loss)                  (240.5)          (225.4)         (331.7)         (119.4)           73.2

       Total assets                        908.0         2,106.6         2,202.6          2,323.4         2,851.3
       Total liability                     426.4           554.9           784.2          1,003.5         1,207.3
       Equity                              481.6         1,551.7         1,418.4          1,319.9         1,644.0




6   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CHAIRLADY’S STATEMENT



Dear Shareholders

On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company, I would like to express my sincere
gratitude for your enduring concern and support for Boan Biotech, and I am pleased to report the results of Boan
Biotech for the year ended 31 December 2024, as well as a brief outlook for the future development of the Company.

Boan Biotech is a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development, manufacturing, and
commercialization of quality biological drugs in China and around the world, providing innovative and accessible
treatment solutions for common therapeutic areas such as oncology, autoimmune, ophthalmology and metabolism.

In 2024, Boan Biotech became profitable for the first time in a whole calendar year, making it one of a few biotech
companies in China to deliver a profitable year. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s operating revenue
reached RMB726.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.5%. Gross profit rose to RMB542.6 million, up
32.7% year-on-year, with the gross profit margin significantly improving by 8.5 percentage points to 74.7%. Net profit
surged by RMB192.6 million year-on-year to RMB73.2 million.

The portfolio of Boan Biotech is characterized by “innovation quality” and “risk-balanced.” By commercializing
biosimilars first, the Company is able to generate cash quickly while funding new drug development. In 2024, three
commercialized products of the Company, including Boyounuo® (BA1101, bevacizumab injection), Boyoubei®
(BA6101, 60mg denosumab injection) and Boluojia® (BA1102, 120mg denosumab injection), propelled the Company
to profitability ahead of its peers.

In terms of innovative antibodies, leveraging its three major technology platforms, namely, the Antibody Drug
Conjugate (“ADC”) Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform, and Human Antibody
Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, the Company is developing innovative biologics with the
potential to become First-in-Class and Best-in-Class. Currently, two investigational ADCs, one bispecific antibody,
and two monoclonal antibodies are undergoing phase 1/2 clinical trials. Key candidates include: BA1302 (an anti-
CD228 ADC), the world’s only innovative anti-CD228 ADC under clinical development, which is currently undergoing
a phase 1 clinical trial in China and has been granted Orphan Drug Designation (“ODD”) in the U.S. for the treatment
of squamous non-small-cell lung cancer and pancreatic cancer. BA1301 (an anti-Claudin18.2 ADC), which is currently
undergoing a phase 1 clinical trial in China and has been granted ODD in the U.S. for the treatment of gastric and
pancreatic cancer. BA1106 (a non-IL-2 blocking anti-CD25 antibody), the first innovative anti-CD25 antibody in China
to enter clinical trials for the treatment of solid tumors, with related data set to debut at the upcoming annual meeting
of the American Association for Cancer Research.

Now it’s time for Boan Biotech to reap the benefits of its first R&D investments. From 2025 to 2027, Boan Biotech
is expected to launch multiple new products both in China and abroad, including: Boyouping® (BA5101, dulaglutide
injection) and Boyoujing® (BA9101, aflibercept injection), expected to be approved for marketing in China this year.
Notably, Boyouping® has been approved for clinical trials in the U.S., giving it a leading edge with respect to the
development process both in China and abroad. Boluojia® is expected to be approved for the treatment of new
indications in China this year, including bone metastases from solid tumors and multiple myeloma, while Boyounuo®
is expected to be approved for marketing in Brazil. Boluojia® and Boyoubei® are expected to finish the international
multicenter phase 3 clinical trials in Europe, the U.S., and Japan this year, followed by rolling submissions for market
approval across major international markets. BA1104 (nivolumab injection), undergoing a phase 3 clinical trial in China
with a leading edge in the development process. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) has also agreed on
a “streamlined” clinical approach for BA1104, meaning that only one pharmacokinetics (“PK”) similarity study (phase 1)
is sufficient to support the submission of a biologics license application (“BLA”) with no phase 3 study needed.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             7
    CHAIRLADY’S STATEMENT




    We’re moving full steam ahead towards our strategic goals. Our revenue in 2024 was four times higher than in 2021,
    and we turned profitable for the first time in a whole calendar year. By working as one, we will accelerate the launch
    of high-quality new products, tap the clinical value of multiple innovative biologics, and seek strategic partnerships on
    key drugs or drug candidates. With such efforts, the Company will be able to maintain high-speed growth in the next
    three years, to deliver better products for our patients, and to reward our shareholders for their support with better
    results.




    Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
    JIANG Hua
    Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady

    27 March 2025




8   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Boan Biotech is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company that specializes in developing, manufacturing, and
commercializing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases, ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases.
Our drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms, including: Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and
Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform, ADC Technology Platform and
Cell Therapy Platform.

We operate across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line development, upstream
and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development, technology transfer, non-
clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial production. In the cell therapy
field, we focus on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T technology, developing safer, more effective,
and affordable treatments for patients.

Our portfolio includes three commercial products, and our pipeline includes multiple novel biologics as drug
candidates protected for their international intellectual property rights, and a number of biosimilar candidates. In
addition to China, we are also developing biopharmaceutical products in the overseas markets, including the U.S.,
the EU and Japan. With a differentiated portfolio and well-established commercial capabilities, we operate across
the industry’s value chain from R&D to manufacturing and commercialization, laying a solid foundation for long-term,
high-quality growth in the future.

2024 ANNUAL REVIEW

From the beginning of 2024, we have made significant achievements in all aspects of pipeline development, sales
and marketing, manufacturing, and business collaboration.

During the Reporting Period, we recorded an increase in revenue of 17.5% to RMB726.3 million as compared to
that of 2023, which demonstrated our continued capability to bring our biologics portfolio to market and maintain
market share. As of the date of this report, three of our products (Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia®) have been
successfully marketed in Chinese Mainland (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan regions of the People’s
Republic of China). These products have been sold to over 2,928 target hospitals and institutions in China. A number
of post-marketing clinical observational studies have been carried out on Boyounuo® and Boyoubei®. In addition,
our Boluojia®, the denosumab injection for anti-tumor indication, has been approved for marketing in May 2024. We
believe that with approvals of new products, the accumulation of more clinical data, the coverage of wider markets
and various external collaborations with experienced partners, our business will continue to grow steadily.

Two drug candidates entered the BLA stage in China. The BLA of BA5101 has been accepted by the Centre for
Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) of the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) in China in May 2024. As far as
the Company aware, BA5101 is still the only one biosimilar of Trulicity® in the world that has filed BLA. The BLA of
BA9101 has been accepted by CDE in July 2024. The phase 3 clinical study of BA1104 is also progressing well. We
also have one pipeline product (BA2101) entered phase 2 clinical trial and four pipeline products (BA1301, BA1202,
BA1106 and BA1302) progressing well in their phase 1 clinical trials in China. Among them, BA1302 has been
approved to initiate clinical trials in China in July 2024 and the first patient has been dosed in the phase 1 clinical trial
in November 2024. It is the only CD228 ADC undergoing clinical development worldwide.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     For the progress of pipeline products in overseas, the international multi-center phase 3 clinical study for our
     Denosumab Injection (BA6101 and BA1102) initiated in Europe, the U.S., and Japan completed patient enrollment
     in January 2024. BA5101 has been approved to initiate clinical trials in the U.S. in August 2024. BA1301 have also
     been granted ODD by the U.S. FDA for gastric cancer, including cancer of gastroesophageal junction. In March 2025,
     BA1302 was granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of squamous non-small-cell lung cancer and pancreatic
     cancer respectively.

     We continued to consolidate our R&D capabilities and industry influence. As of 31 December 2024, our R&D
     team had 286 experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery research, biotechnology research,
     biopharmaceutical analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical research, pilot process research,
     clinical research, regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property and other R&D functions. From the
     beginning of 2024 to the date of this report, we have been granted ten new patents and ten new pending patent
     applications worldwide. As of the date of this report, we have been granted 43 patents and have 52 pending patent
     applications worldwide.

     We have sufficient production capacity to meet the current commercial needs of our products. As of the date of
     this report, we have commercial production capacity of 9,000L and pilot production capacity of 2,000L. During the
     Reporting Period, we achieved significant improvements in quality and efficiency by enhancing and upgrading the
     production processes of existing products, continuously advancing digital manufacturing, and implementing domestic
     substitutions to reduce production costs. In addition, we have received GMP certification from Agência Nacional
     de Vigilância Sanitária (“ANVISA”) for our biological product, Boyuno® (the name of Boyounuo® in Brazil), covering
     the drug substance and the drug product in January 2024. ANVISA is a member of the Pharmaceutical Inspection
     Convention and Pharmaceutical Inspection Cooperation Scheme (PIC/S). The ANVISA GMP certification represents a
     pivotal step for the subsequent marketing authorization approval of Boyuno® and establishes a robust foundation for
     the global commercialization of our future biologics. We have also built an electronic data environment for production,
     document management, training, warehousing and other aspects, promoting the integration of production data,
     flexible manufacturing, and intelligent management, improving production efficiency and production operation
     flexibility, optimizing production costs, and ensuring drug quality and patient safety.

     We are actively exploring external business development and licensing-out arrangements. In January 2024, we
     entered into an agreement with Joincare Pharmaceutical Group Industry Co., Ltd. (“Joincare”), in relation to the
     exclusive licensing and commercialization of BA2101 in the treatment of asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary
     disease (“COPD”) and other respiratory system diseases in Chinese Mainland. We also entered into an agreement
     with the Zencore Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Zencore Biologics”), authorizing Zencore Biologics to use our self-developed
     stable cell line development platform non-exclusively, BA-HIEXcell® for the development of antibodies and therapeutic
     proteins in Chinese Mainland. In November 2024, we have signed a licensing agreement for commercializing
     denosumab injection (BA6101 and BA1102) in the Brazilian market with a strategic partner. In January 2025, we
     have granted the promotion rights of denosumab injection (BA6101 and BA1102) in Hong Kong SAR and Macau
     SAR to Kexing Biopharm Co., Ltd. (“Kexing Biopharm”). In addition, we have started discussions with a number of
     pharmaceutical companies (including multinational corporations (“MNCs”)) or investment institutions for the licensing
     or co-development of our innovative drug pipelines, and explored international commercialization cooperation with
     our overseas partners for our products that have been marketed or completed clinical trials in China.

     Apart from the abovementioned achievements, we also believe the following strengths and progress have contributed
     towards our success and differentiated us from other biopharmaceutical companies.




10   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                        RISK-BALANCED PRODUCT PIPELINE

                                        We, through years of efforts and dedication, have incubated a robust and risk-balanced portfolio, which brings us clear short-term commercial visibility and allows us
                                        to pursue long-term sustainable growth. Specifically, our portfolio, including three commercialized products, two candidates under BLA review and six candidates
                                        under clinical trials, as of the date of this report, focuses on popular key therapeutic areas including oncology, metabolism, autoimmunity, and ophthalmology,
                                        which entail significant unmet needs and potential in China and overseas markets.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024



                                        The following table summarizes our Commercialized Products and drug candidate pipeline under development in China and worldwide across various therapeutic
                                        areas as of the date of this report:

                                                                                        Product                                                                                                      Clinical
                                                                      Therapeuc area   (reference drug)      Target              Indicaon                                           Territory   trial region   Pre-clinical     IND       Phase 1a      Phase 1b/2      Phase 3     BLA filed      Launched

                                                                                                                                  Gastric cancer, pancreac cancer, and esophageal
                                                                                                              Claudin 18.2                                                             Global        China
                                                                                        BA1301                                    cancer
                                                                                                              ADC

                                                                                        BA1202                CEA/CD3             CRC, pancreac duct adenocarcinoma, etc.             Global        China
                                                                      Oncology
                                                                                        BA1106                CD25                Solid tumor                                          Global        China

                                                                                        BA1302                CD228 ADC           CRC, breast cancer, NSCLC, pancreac cancer, etc.    Global        China

                                                                                                                                  Atopic dermas, asthma, sinusis, pruritus,                                                                                            Mainland Rights for Respiratory Disease
                                         Innovave Anbody Porolio


                                                                      Autoimmune        BA2101                IL4R (Long-Acng)                                                        Global        China
                                                                                                                                  urcaria, COPD etc.                                                                                                                     Indicaons of BA2101 given to Joincare

                                                                                                                                  mCRC, advanced metastac or recurrent NSCLC,
                                                                                        Boyounuo®                                                                                                    China
                                                                                                                                  recurrent glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian,
                                                                                        (BA1101, an           VEGF                                                                     Global
                                                                                                                                  fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer,
                                                                                        Avasn® biosimilar)
                                                                                                                                  cervical cancer and hepatocellular carcinoma                       Brazil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                                                                                                                                                     China                                                      Promoon Rights of HK&Macau given to Kexing
                                                                                        Boluojia® (BA1102,
                                                                                                              RANKL               Bone metastases from solid tumors, and GCTB          Global
                                                                      Oncology          Xgeva® biosimilar)                                                                                         Overseas                                                               Paent enrollment of phase 3 completed
                                                                                                                                  Melanoma, NSCLC, malignant pleural                                 China
                                                                                                                                  mesothelioma, RCC, cHL, SCCHN, urothelial
                                                                                        BA1104
                                                                                                                                  carcinoma, colorectal
                                                                                        (Opdivo®              PD-1                                                                     Global
                                                                                                                                  cancer, HCC, esophageal cancer, gastric cancer,                  Overseas                     Completed communicaon with FDA and waived Phase 3
                                                                                        biosimilar)
                                                                                                                                  gastroesophageal juncon cancer, and
                                                                                                                                  esophageal adenocarcinoma                                                                                            Promoon rights of mainland given to Qingdao Conson,
                                         Biosimilar Porolio

                                                                                                                                                                                                     China                                             Promoon rights of HK&Macau given to Kexing
                                                                                        Boyoubei® (BA6101,
                                                                                                            RANKL                 Osteoporosis                                         Global
                                                                                        Prolia® biosimilar)                                                                                        Overseas                                                            Paent enrollment of phase 3 completed
                                                                      Metabolism
                                                                                        BA5101 (Trulicity®                                                                                           China                                                                                        BLA accepted
                                                                                                              GLP-1               Type 2 diabetes                                      Global
                                                                                        biosimilar)                                                                                                Overseas                               IND approved by FDA

                                                                                        BA9101                                                                                                       China                                                    BLA accepted; Promoon Rights given to Ocumension
                                                                      Ophthalmology                           VEGF                wAMD, RVO, DME, and DR                               Global
                                                                                        (Eylea® biosimilar)                                                                                        Overseas


SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.




11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Commercialized products

     Boyounuo® (BA1101, bevacizumab injection): an anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection and a
     biosimilar to Avastin® independently developed by us.

     It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China in April 2021. As of the date of this report, Boyounuo®
     has been approved for 6 indications (mCRC, advanced metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer, recurrent
     glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, cervical cancer and hepatocellular
     carcinoma) and all its indications has been included in the NRDL.

     Boyoubei® (BA6101, 60mg denosumab injection): a human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody of the
     RANK ligand and the first biosimilar to Prolia® independently developed by us.

     It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of postmenopausal women with
     osteoporosis at high risk for fracture in November 2022. It has been included in the NRDL and we have granted
     Qingdao Conson the exclusive right to commercialize Boyoubei® in Chinese Mainland.

     •      In January 2024, we completed the enrollment of all subjects for an international multicenter phase 3 clinical
            study of denosumab injection in Europe, the U.S., and Japan. According to the Guidelines by the FDA, the
            European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency
            (“PMDA”) and based on our discussions with the FDA, EMA and PMDA, after completion of this phase 3
            clinical study, we can submit BLAs for BA6101 and BA1102 for all the approved indications as Prolia® and
            Xgeva® in the U.S., Europe, and Japan, respectively.

     Boluojia® (BA1102, 120mg denosumab injection): a fully human IgG2 anti-RANKL monoclonal antibody and a
     biosimilar to Xgeva® independently developed by us.

     •      In January 2024, we completed the enrollment of subjects for an international multicenter phase 3 clinical
            study of denosumab injection in Europe, the U.S., and Japan. According to the Guidelines by the FDA, EMA
            and PMDA and based on our discussions with the FDA, EMA and PMDA, after completion of this phase 3
            clinical study, we can submit BLAs for BA6101 and BA1102 for all the approved indications as Prolia® and
            Xgeva® in the U.S., Europe, and Japan, respectively.

     •      In May 2024, Boluojia® has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of giant cell
            tumor of bone (“GCTB”) that is unresectable or where surgical resection is likely to result in severe morbidity
            in adults and skeletally mature adolescents (defined as having at least one mature long bone and with body
            weight≥45 kg). At the same time, we are working on the BLA of Boluojia® in China for the indications of bone
            metastases from solid tumors and multiple myeloma.

     •      In February 2025, the phase 3 clinical trial results of BA1102 were published in Journal of Bone Oncology.




12   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Products to be commercialized in the near future

BA5101 (dulaglutide injection): a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist and a biosimilar to
Trulicity® independently developed by us.

BA5101 is intended for glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. It is the first Trulicity® biosimilar developed by
a Chinese company to be approved for clinical trials in the U.S. It is also the first proposed biosimilar to Trulicity® to
submit a BLA in China.

•      In March 2024, we completed its phase 3 clinical trial (a comparative study of efficacy, safety and
       immunogenicity) in China.

•      In May 2024, the BLA for this drug has been accepted by the CDE of NMPA in China.

•      In August 2024, the U.S. FDA has approved the initiation of clinical trials in the U.S. for BA5101.

BA9101 (aflibercept intravitreous injection): a recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor receptor
antibody fusion protein ophthalmic injection and a biosimilar to Eylea®.

Aflibercept is widely used as a first-line treatment for Neovascular (Wet) Age-Related Macular Degeneration (nAMD),
Diabetic Macular Edema (DME), Macular Edema Following Retinal Vein Occlusion (RVO), Diabetic Retinopathy (DR),
Visual Impair due to Myopic Choroidal Neovascularization (mCNV) and Retinopathy of Prematurity (ROP) worldwide,
and its future market is promising driven by the demand in the clinical practice.

Pursuant to a collaboration and exclusive promotion agreement entered in October 2020, we jointly developed
BA9101 with Ocumension Therapeutics (a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with stock code: 1477) in the phase 3 clinical trial of BA9101. We have granted
Ocumension Therapeutics an exclusive right to promote and commercialize BA9101 in Chinese Mainland. We believe
that Ocumension Therapeutics, as a well-known ophthalmology company with a professional team, will accelerate
the commercialization of BA9101 to meet the urgent clinical needs of Chinese patients and strengthen our position in
the field of biological products.

•      In July 2024, the BLA for this drug has been accepted by the CDE of NMPA in China.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     BA1104 (nivolumab injection): a monoclonal antibody that can enhance the immune response of T cells against
     tumors by preventing the programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor from binding to its ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is
     a biosimilar to Opdivo® independently developed by us.

     Being a broad-spectrum anticancer medication, Nivolumab has been approved for multiple indications both in China
     and abroad. These include its use as a neoadjuvant, an adjuvant, or a first-line or later-line therapy for advanced
     cancers. It can be used as a standalone treatment, in combination with chemotherapy, or alongside with novel
     immune checkpoint inhibitors. Nivolumab has become a product of basic therapy for a variety of solid tumors.

     •      In October 2023, the first patient in the phase 3 clinical trial of BA1104 in China was enrolled. As the date of
            this report, this phase 3 clinical trial is well progressing.


     •      In September 2024, the phase 1 clinical study aimed to establish the pharmacokinetic (PK) similarity between
            BA1104 and Opdivo® was published online in BioDrugs.


     •      In March 2025, we held a Biological Product Development (BPD) type 2b meeting with the FDA. The FDA has
            agreed that the phase 3 clinical trial of BA1104 is not needed.


     Other pipeline products

     BA2101: a long-acting human monoclonal antibody of the IgG4 subtype that targets interleukin-4 receptor subunit α
     (IL-4Rα) independently developed by us.


     The investigational drug can inhibit IL-4 and IL-13 signaling simultaneously, regulate the Th2 inflammatory pathway,
     and reduce eosinophils and circulating IgE levels. It is intended to be used for treating allergic diseases caused
     by Th2 inflammation. We have obtained regulatory approval to conduct clinical trials of BA2101 for indications
     including atopic dermatitis, asthma, COPD, chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, prurigo nodularis, and chronic
     spontaneous urticaria (CSU). Compared to drugs with the same target which usually require dosing every two weeks,
     BA2101 can remain active for a longer period of time. Preclinical studies show that BA2101 has a longer half-life in
     cynomolgus monkeys than a marketed product with the same target, a feature that is expected to enable dosing
     once every four weeks in humans. Results of the completed phase 1 clinical trial show that BA2101 has a longer half-
     life and lower clearance rate than the marketed product.


     •      We have completed the phase 1 clinical trial of BA2101 in 2023 and initiated a phase 2 clinical trial of BA2101
            in January 2024.


     •      In January 2024, we have entered into a partnership with Joincare in relation to our BA2101. In this
            partnership, Joincare is granted the exclusive right to develop and commercialize BA2101 in Chinese Mainland
            for treating respiratory diseases such as asthma and COPD. The partner, Joincare, is a leading Chinese
            company in the therapeutic area of respiratory diseases. It boasts a wide range of respiratory products and
            has a dedicated marketing team covering the whole country, making it a top player in the field. Through this
            partnership, we will leverage our respective strengths in R&D and commercialization to accelerate the clinical
            development of BA2101 for indications such as asthma and COPD.




14   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BA1106: a non-IL-2 blocking anti-CD25 antibody independently developed by us.


BA1106 is the first investigational anti-CD25 antibody to start clinical trials in China for treating solid tumors. Anti-
CD25 antibodies are broad-spectrum immuno-oncology drugs with the potential to treat multiple cancers where
CD25 is highly expressed, including cervical cancer, renal cancer, ovarian cancer, melanoma, pancreatic cancers,
hepatocellular carcinoma, gastric cancer, and breast cancer. BA1106 therefore has great potential for treating
those cancers. However, developing anti-CD25 antibodies faces two major challenges: first, the function of Fc as a
mediator is limited, and as a result, they only work in early-stage tumor models but not in late-stage tumor models;
second, the IL-2 signaling pathway is blocked, leading to poor antitumor outcomes. BA1106 is a drug candidate that
can successfully overcome these two challenges.

The main mechanism of action of BA1106 is to deplete Treg cells in the tumor microenvironment through the ADCC
and increase the number of effector T cells. Preclinical studies have shown that BA1106 demonstrated a good
therapeutic effect on both early-stage and late-stage tumor models, and it has a synergy when used in combination
with an anti PD-1 antibody. Moreover, BA1106 does not block the IL-2 signaling pathway, and depletes Treg cells
moderately and specifically, with the potential for monotherapy and combination therapy. The results of the study on
BA1106 have been published in Scientific Reports, a journal of Nature.

•      In 2023, BA1106 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As of the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical
       trial is well progressing. We have completed the monotherapy dose-escalation part of this clinical trial and
       commenced the clinical trial for combination therapy with anti PD-1 antibody.

BA1202: a novel bi-specific antibody (bispecific antibody) drug that targets CEA/CD3 independently developed by us.

BA1202 is a CEA/CD3 bispecific antibody that binds to both CD3 on T cells and CEA on tumor cells, enabling the
linking of T cells with tumor cells to facilitate tumor killing. CD3 bispecific antibodies are an important direction for
the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies. They function by recruiting CD3+T cells to target tumors.
As a bispecific T-cell engager (BiTE), they can bind to both CD3 antigens on the T cell surface and tumor associated
antigens. This enables them to bring T cells to tumor cells and stimulate the release of granzymes and perforin from T
cells, which in turn leads to the killing of tumor cells. In addition, CD3 bispecific antibodies can enhance the sensitivity
of immunotherapy as they can help turn cold tumors into hot ones by increasing immune cells infiltration into tumor
tissues. This characteristic indicates their potential for use in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors such as
PD-L1 antibodies for enhanced efficacy. CEACAM5 (“CEA”) is widely expressed on the cell surface of many epithelial
tumors, such as colorectal cancer, NSCLC, pancreatic cancer, and gastric cancer, but is expressed less in normal
tissues, making it a potential target for tumor-targeted therapy.

BA1202 adopts a new butterfly-shaped antibody structure, with one end binding bivalently with high affinity to CEA
on tumor cells, and the other end binding monovalently with relatively low affinity to CD3 on T cells, while retaining the
Fc region. Such design enables it to reduce the risk of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) while retaining good efficacy
through activating endogenous T cells to eliminate CEA-positive tumor cells.

•      In 2023, BA1202 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical trial is
       well progressing.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     BA1301: an ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2 independently developed by us.

     BA1301 for injection is our first novel ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2. It employs a site-specific conjugation
     technology to connect the cytotoxic payload with a monoclonal antibody that targets Claudin 18.2. This enables the
     cytotoxic payload to be directed to the tumor site through the targeting characteristics of the antibody. Such design
     reduces the toxic side effects of the cytotoxic payload, thus improving the therapeutic window, while retaining its
     tumor-killing effect.

     •      In 2023, BA1301 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As of the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical
            trial is well progressing. We have completed the monotherapy dose-escalation part of this clinical trial and
            commenced the dose expansion part.

     •      In January 2024, BA1301 was granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of gastric cancer, including
            cancer of gastroesophageal junction. Previously, BA1301 have also been granted the ODD by FDA for the
            treatment of pancreatic cancer.

     BA1302: a novel CD228-directed ADC independently developed by us.

     Initially identified in melanoma, CD228 is a GPI-anchored glycoprotein that plays a role in tumor cell proliferation
     and migration. It is highly expressed in a variety of solid tumors such as non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer,
     melanoma, mesothelioma, colon cancer, and pancreatic cancer, but has a low expression in normal tissues.
     Therefore, CD228 is highly specific in terms of its expression in tumors.

     BA1302 is a novel ADC drug targeting CD228. The antibody part of BA1302 is an innovative human anti-CD228
     monoclonal antibody derived from BA-huMab®, our proprietary human antibody transgenic mice. It binds with the
     membrane-bound form of CD228 only, not with sMF12, which is the soluble form of CD228. This highly binding
     specificity reduces the non-specific binding, to ensure higher efficacy and safety. The chemical part of BA1302 is
     BNLD11, an innovative linker-payload, which has remarkable in vitro and in vivo stability. Structurally, approximately
     four BNLD11 molecules are conjugated to each antibody molecule on average. This design enhances the drug’s
     cell killing efficiency while minimizing the toxicity associated with payload release, thus striking a balance between
     therapeutic effects and toxic side effects.

     Preclinical studies have shown that BA1302 is very potent in terms of internalization activity and bystander killing
     effect. It has the potential to treat a broad spectrum of solid tumors as evidenced by its significant cytotoxicity
     against three types of cancers (i.e. lung cancer, gastric cancer, and melanoma) with CD228 expression ranging
     from low to high, as well as robust tumor suppression in patient-derived xenograft (PDX) models for multiple types
     of solid tumors. BA1302 has shown a prolonged half-life, favorable PK, and a good safety and tolerability profile in
     cynomolgus monkeys, indicating great promise for clinical use.




16   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•      In July 2024, BA1302 has been approved to initiate clinical trials for treating multiple types of advanced solid
       tumors by the CDE of NMPA in China. This is the first CD228 targeted novel ADC drug candidate approved
       for clinical trials in China.

•      In November 2024, the first patient has been dosed in the phase 1 clinical trial of BA1302.

•      In December 2024, a comprehensive review article written by us titled “Unlocking the potential of
       melanotransferrin (CD228): implications for targeted drug development and novel therapeutic avenues” was
       published in the journal ‘Expert Opinion on Therapeutic Targets’ published by Taylor & Francis. The article
       reviews the research findings in the field of CD228 and discusses its implication in cancer therapy.

•      In March 2025, BA1302 was granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of squamous non-small-cell lung
       cancer and pancreatic cancer respectively.

STRONG R&D CAPABILITIES

We have a fully-fledged proprietary R&D technology platform focusing on antibody discovery and drug development.
We have R&D teams and facilities located in Yantai and Nanjing in China and Boston in the U.S., with rich experience
and strong track records in drug discovery and development. In terms of technology, we boast proprietary Human
Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform,
ADC Technology Platform, and Cell Therapy Technology Platform which we believe these will provide us with great
technological support.

We take pride in our strong chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”) capability which is the backbone of the
quality and cost efficiency that we have maintained throughout the process of our drug development and commercial
production, especially in cell line development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-
analytical method development as well as technology transfer. Our CMC function establishes practical qualitative
and quantitative standards for us to maintain product quality and effectively progresses drug discovery to actual
manufacturing.

Our strong CMC capability accumulated through the years of effort has shortened drug development time and
enabled speed to market. We believe such capability is a formidable barrier to competitors and has paved the way for
our first-mover advantage.

Our high caliber R&D team has outstanding execution capability in drug development with a proven track record. As
of 31 December 2024, our R&D team consisted of 286 experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery
research, biotechnology research, biopharmaceutical analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical
research, pilot process research, clinical research, regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property
and other R&D functions, most of whom had R&D and clinical experience of more than seven years.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     As a biopharmaceutical company, we are keenly aware of the importance of establishing and protecting our
     intellectual property rights. We have filed a number of patent applications for our drug candidates in various
     jurisdictions, and expect to rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property
     rights, as well as employee and third party confidentiality agreements, for safeguarding our intellectual properties. As
     of the date of this report, we have been granted 43 patents and have 52 pending patent applications worldwide.

     Underpinned by our strong R&D capability, we have published 19 research papers in world renowned academic
     journals including Cell Discovery of Nature, Antibody Therapeutics, and Cancer Communications, introducing our
     research breakthroughs on some of our drug candidates.

     In October 2024, our site-specific integration cell line development platform BA-Fastcell® debuted at BioProcess
     International Asia 2024 (BPI Asia 2024). Our BA-Fastcell® can insert GOI into highly stable and transcriptionally active
     loci on the chromosome of CHOK1 cells precisely and rapidly; allowing establishment of high-yield monoclonal cell
     lines within 8 weeks from transfection, comparing to an average of 24-28 weeks with traditional technologies. BA-
     Fastcell® platform has also been validated by different molecular types. Pool cells without monoclonal isolation have
     shown stability in cell growth and protein expression. Such approach can significantly reduce the workload of cell line
     screening and enable parallel process development during cell line development. Both the development speed and
     protein expression level of the platform are at an industry-leading level.

     STRONG MANUFACTURING CAPABILITY WITH HIGH QUALITY AND COST
     EFFICIENCY

     We have a sizable pilot and commercial production site located in Yantai, China. We employ a robust quality
     management system for the Yantai Site that meets various quality standards such as good manufacturing practice set
     by the relevant regulatory authorities of China and the EU Quality Person (“QP”). We have passed a number of audits
     in China and the EU QP. Our Yantai Site, having a total gross floor area of approximately 84,474 sq.m., houses a
     number of production lines with a total capacity of 2,000L for pilot production and 9,000L for commercial production,
     as well as two formulation filling lines for both pilot and commercial production as of the date of this report. Our
     manufacturing system, including production, quality, engineering and etc., managed by a strong and integrated team,
     has a total of 402 employees as of 31 December 2024.

     Apart from production capacity, our proprietary manufacturing capability, such as perfusion culture and fed-batch
     culture, provides flexibility and improves the throughput and production efficiency. Our Yantai Site is also highly
     versatile, adaptable to manufacturing drugs targeting different antibodies, and is capable of producing various
     formulations. To further improve production cost efficiency, we utilize digital management in our production.

     While improving production efficiency and scale, we are also practicing the concept of green and sustainable
     development. By formulating a sound environmental management system, we improve resource utilization, promote
     energy conservation and emission reduction, accelerate the application of artificial intelligence, promote digital
     transformation, and promote the high quality development of enterprises.




18   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




WELL-ESTABLISHED COMMERCIALIZATION CAPABILITY

We have successfully expanded our commercial portfolio into three products (Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia®)
spanning over multiple therapeutic areas.

During the Reporting Period, we have increased product revenue by 12.1% to RMB689.9 million, compared to
RMB615.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, mainly driven by the stable sales of our first marketed
product Boyounuo® (bevacizumab injection) coupled with strong growth of our second marketed product Boyoubei®
(denosumab injection).

Leveraging our well-established and demonstrated commercialization capability backed by marketing strategies
implemented by our dedicated sales and marketing team, we believe that we are well positioned to achieve speed
to market and rapid ramp-up of product sales. Internally, we have a dedicated in-house sales and marketing team
with extensive industry experience, and they develop and implement marketing and sales initiatives and plans for our
product and drug candidates in their scheduled rollouts. Externally, we collaborate with various resourceful business
partners which lay the foundation for our strong commercialization capability. Our collaboration with experienced
third-party promoters effectively publicizes and maximize market potential of our products.

We had an extensive distribution network of more than 242 distributors as of 31 December 2024, penetrating
selected regions and reaching more than 2,928 target hospitals and institutions in China.


In May 2024, our third product Boluojia® was approved for the treatment of GCTB in China. GCTB is a primary
borderline bone tumor that accounts for 13.7% to 17.3% of all the primary bone tumors cases in China. GCTB is
locally aggressive, and has a propensity for local recurrence and distant metastases, which can be life-threatening
in severe cases. For patients whose tumor can be surgically resected, denosumab can help achieve surgical
downgrading or even avoid surgery. For patients whose tumor cannot be surgically resected, denosumab can
effectively control it for prolonged periods and improve their quality of life. In addition to GCTB, we are also working
on the BLA of Boluojia® in China for the indications of bone metastases from solid tumors and multiple myeloma.
This product will bring new treatment options for patients with related diseases, and will also bring new growth to our
product sales.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     EXTENSIVE COLLABORATION WITH VARIOUS RESOURCEFUL BUSINESS PARTNERS

     We have explored a number of cooperations with well-known domestic and foreign companies in various fields as of
     the date of this report.


     For our launched products and drug candidates under development in Chinese market, we have granted Qingdao
     Conson Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Conson”) the exclusive right to commercialize Boyoubei ® in
     Chinese Mainland. We have also entered into an agreement with OcuMension regarding the product development
     cooperation, and promotion and commercialization of BA9101 in China. OcuMension is a well-known ophthalmology
     pharmaceutical company with a professional team. This cooperation will accelerate the commercialization of BA9101
     to meet the urgent clinical needs of Chinese patients. In April 2024, BA9101 completed its phase 3 clinical trial in
     China and the BLA of BA9101 has been accepted by CDE in July 2024. In addition, we have granted Joincare the
     exclusive right to the development, registration, manufacturing, and commercialization of BA2101 for the treatment
     of asthma, COPD and other respiratory system diseases in Chinese Mainland in January 2024. Joincare is a leading
     Chinese company in the therapeutic area of respiratory diseases. It boasts a wide range of respiratory products
     and has a dedicated marketing team covering the whole country, making it a top player in the field. Through this
     partnership, we and Joincare will leverage our respective strengths in R&D and commercialization to accelerate
     the clinical development of BA2101 for indications such as asthma and COPD. We will also use our strong clinical
     capabilities to accelerate the development of additional indications, so that patients can benefit from BA2101 as soon
     as possible. In January 2025, we have granted the promotion rights of denosumab injection (BA6101 and BA1102) in
     Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR to Kexing Biopharm.

     In the overseas market, we have signed a licensing agreement for commercializing denosumab injection (BA6101 and
     BA1102) in the Brazilian market with a strategic partner in November 2024. In addition, we have started discussions
     with a number of pharmaceutical companies (including MNCs) or investment institutions for the licensing or co-
     development of our innovative drug pipelines, and explored international commercialization cooperation with our
     overseas partners for our products that have been marketed or completed clinical trials in China.

     For technology platform, we have also entered into an agreement with the Zencore Biologics, authorizing Zencore
     Biologics to use our self-developed stable cell line development platform non-exclusively, BA-HIEXcell® for the
     development of antibodies and therapeutic proteins in Chinese Mainland. BA-HIEXcell® is a cutting-edge platform in
     the industry in terms of both the efficiency and the expression levels in cell line development.

     For manufacturing and quality management, we have signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Qingdao Haier
     Biomedical Co., Ltd. (“Haier Biomedical”). According to the agreement, Haier Biomedical will upgrade the digital
     system and customize digital scenario solutions for us, including the EMS DataManager data analysis, QC-Sample
     Manager sample management system, EBR electronic batch record and other business areas, so as to improve
     the digital level of our manufacturing process and quality management. At the same time, the two parties will give
     full play to their respective resource advantages and explore the development and innovation direction of digital
     transformation of the pharmaceutical industry by using cutting-edge technologies such as digital analysis, automation,
     and AI integration.




20   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




POST RESULTS OUTLOOK

We have recorded revenue of RMB726.3 million and net profit of RMB73.2 million for the year ended 31 December
2024. This makes us one of the few Biotech Companies (as defined under the Listing Rules issued by The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)) listed under Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules that have
achieved positive earnings by relying on product sales revenue. It is expected that we can deliver increasing positive
earnings for future years.

In addition, we have submitted BLA applications for two products (BA5101 and BA9101) in China, which are
expected to be approved for marketing in China in the second half of 2025. These two products will continue to
enrich our commercial portfolio to five products while providing a strong source of growth for our products revenue.

In terms of internationalization, our denosumab injection has completed the enrollment of all subjects in the
international multi-center clinical trial in Europe, the U.S. and Japan, which will be completed in mid-2025. We plan
to submit BLA for two denosumab injections (BA6101 and BA1102) in Europe, the U.S. and Japan at the end of
2025/1H of 2026. Another product, the dulaglutide injection, has also been approved by the U.S. FDA for clinical
trials, providing a strong impetus for the international BD-out of this product.

In terms of innovative drugs, three of them entered into important part of clinical trials. Our BA1106 (andi-CD25
antibody) has completed the monotherapy dose escalation part of phase 1 clinical trial and plans to disclose the
phased clinical results at an international academic conference in 2025. In addition, the combination therapy of
BA1106 and anti PD-1 antibody has also been initiated, and it is expected to obtain the phased results within 2025.
BA1301 (Claudin18.2 ADC) has completed the monotherapy dose escalation part of phase 1 clinical trial and is
undergoing the dose expansion part of phase 1 clinical trial. The trial is scheduled to be completed in 2025. BA1302
(CD228 ADC) is undergoing the monotherapy dose escalation of phase 1 clinical trial and is expected to obtain
preliminary clinical results in 2025. The relevant clinical results will also be presented and published in international
academic journals or academic forums. In addition, we have a number of pre-clinical candidates with innovative
mechanism expected to file IND in the next 2 years. We have started discussions with a number of pharmaceutical
companies (including MNCs) or investment institutions for the licensing or co-development of these innovative drug
pipelines. With such a wealth of R&D progress, we hope that there will be some opportunities for global cooperation
reached in 2025.

Finally, our vision is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company. In order to achieve our vision and goals, we
will continue to implement the following strategies.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Further strengthen our marketing capability and accelerate the commercialization of our drug
     candidates by leveraging our experience in commercialized products

     We plan to continue to strengthen our commercialization capability, which is critical to our future success and
     profitability. Particularly, we plan to enhance the market share of Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia® by expanding
     our sales and marketing team and strengthening our distribution channels to cover more target hospitals. Our
     distributors and promoters support us in the sales and marketing of our products. Therefore, we plan to broaden
     our nationwide sales and distribution network through collaboration with sizable distributors having comprehensive
     distribution channels so as to reach more target hospitals with potential strong demand of our products. We also plan
     to continue to expand our experienced and professional sales and marketing team in China, which mainly focuses on
     market access, medical affairs, and any other promotional initiatives in the therapeutic areas of oncology, metabolism,
     autoimmunity and ophthalmology. To promote our products nationwide, we intend to selectively enter into promotion
     agreements with reputable pharmaceutical companies and continue to collaborate with leading key opinion leaders
     in market education and product promotion. For hospital coverage, we endeavour to enhance the penetration rate of
     hospitals in China with tailored strategies for our specific products.

     Establishing our marketing network and expanding our overseas footprint is instrumental to our vision of becoming
     a leading global biopharmaceutical company. We plan to expand our presence into international markets through a
     number of ways in selected markets or regions including accelerating clinical trial plans, identifying and working with
     suitable distributors and collaborating with international reputable industry players on business development.

     Accelerate products portfolio towards commercialization in selected overseas markets

     We plan to continue to accelerate clinical trials of drug candidates and regulatory approval towards commercialization.
     Specifically, in order to launch potential first-to-market biosimilar drugs with leading market share, we will continue
     to strengthen our competitive edge on biosimilar drug development to enhance commercialization visibility. In the
     next three years, we expect that 3 of our product candidates (BA5101, BA9101 and BA1104) will have the potential
     to be launched in the China market and 3 of our product candidates (Boyuno®, BA6101 and BA1102) will have the
     potential to be launched in the overseas market.

     We will also implement our first-to-market clinical development strategy, especially for our innovative antibody drug
     candidates focusing on oncology with unmet medical needs, to accelerate the clinical trial and regulatory approval.

     To strengthen our innovative antibody drug pipeline and accelerate clinical development, with our excellent drug
     development skills, we seek to maintain a risk-balanced portfolio with a strategic combination of mature targets and
     new targets, aiming to become first-in-class drugs.




22   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Enrich our innovative antibody and ADC portfolio to maximize our long-term commercial
potential

Leveraging on our strong R&D capability and proprietary technology platforms, we plan to continue to develop
innovative antibody and ADC drug candidates with strategically selected targets and huge market potential. For
example, we will continue to optimize our proprietary technology platforms in supporting the development of our
innovative drug pipeline and advance clinical studies for new programs. We will also selectively pursue strategic
collaborations with respect to product license-in to enrich our portfolio and support our long-term sustainable growth.
In particular, we will prioritize license-in of products and product candidates focusing on oncology, with innovative
targets or targets developed through advanced technology platforms so as to enrich our portfolio and strengthen
R&D competitiveness. We plan to enhance our R&D resources by hiring talent with extensive international drug
discovery and development experience, and also by improving our R&D facilities and infrastructure.

Continue to optimize production capacity, enhance manufacturing processes, and reduce the
unit production cost

Our existing production capacity is sufficient to meet the short- to medium-term commercialization needs of our
products. Going forward, we will expand production facilities in an orderly manner based on the clinical development
progress of our innovative drug candidates, enhancing capacity utilization and the efficiency of existing fixed assets,
and reducing excessive investment in fixed assets.

We will seek to develop and optimize in-house process technologies, strengthen the digitalization of production,
upgrade our production facilities, enhance production knowhow, as well as introduce a new technology platform, with
a view to maintaining high-cost efficiency and production quality. We also plan to expand our in-house manufacturing
and quality control team by attracting and retaining experienced talents who have in-depth know how. On this basis,
we will target to achieve and overcome industry challenges on, among others, the construction of high expression
stable cell line and the optimization of protein purification process. In the process of production optimization, we will
explore high-quality domestic substitution of materials, in order to increase the proportion of localization. Through
these measures, we will continuously reduce unit production costs and enhance the profitability of each product.

Explore collaboration with reputable partners from China and overseas to expand market
presence

Our integrated biopharmaceutical platform is built upon our in-house capabilities throughout the entire biologics value
chain which enables us to expand our market presence. We will maximize the value of our platform by exploring
collaboration with reputable partners from China and overseas in a number of ways. For example, we plan to
selectively enter into strategic cooperation, including license-out or co-development with partners, so as to facilitate
the clinical development and commercialization of our early-stage drug candidates. We may cooperate with business
partners, including promoters and distributors, to broaden our geographical coverage hence commercializing our late
stage drug candidates including BA1102, BA6101 and BA5101. We may also explore co-development opportunities
with leading global pharmaceutical companies and academic institutions to enhance our technology platforms. We
will selectively collaborate with strategic partners with the aim to commercialize our drug candidates outside of China
hence maximizing their market potential.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Continue to improve earnings and profitability

     We will continue to expand our future earnings and profitability. With the approval of more new products, our revenue
     will increase more significantly. The growth of product revenue scale can reduce the proportion of total production
     costs on one hand, and reduce the proportion of sales expenses by forming a product portfolio on the other
     hand, which will increase the profit margin of the operating business as a whole. In addition, we will optimize the
     personnel structure, promote more efficient operation and management of the Company, and reduce the proportion
     of management expenses without affecting the Company’s output. In terms of R&D project expenditure, we will
     strictly control the input-output efficiency, optimize project proposals, select more cost-effective service partners in
     both upstream and downstream supply chains, and reduce unnecessary waste and expenditure, with the goal of
     improving the return on investment as a result.

     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s dedicated commercialization team made use of proactive marketing
     strategies and efficient executive and sales capabilities, through which the Group continued to establish its foothold
     in the domestic market thereby laying a solid foundation for the subsequent transformation of the Company. With
     the commercialization of three products, the Group witnessed a significant increase in revenue during the Reporting
     Period.

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB726.3 million, as
     compared to RMB618.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately
     RMB108.2 million, or 17.5%. The increase was mainly attributable to the growth of sales of Boyounuo® (BA1101) and
     Boyoubei® (BA6101) in China, and the growth of licensing revenue.

     Cost of Sales

     Cost of sales of the Group primarily represents materials and consumables, labour costs associated with production,
     utilities and maintenance fee as well as depreciation and amortisation expenses of production equipment, facilities
     and intangible assets.

     Our cost of sales decreased from RMB209.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately
     RMB183.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, which accounted for approximately 25.3% of our total
     revenue for the same year (2023: 33.9%). The decrease in cost of sales margin was mainly due to the increase
     of production volume in the twelve months ended 31 December 2024 and the upgrades in the Group’s product
     manufacturing processes resulting in a lower unit manufacturing cost in 2024.




24   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Gross Profit

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB542.6 million,
representing an increase of approximately RMB133.7 million, or 32.7%, as compared with that for the year ended 31
December 2023.

Other Income and Gains

Other income and gains consist of government grants, bank interest income and others. Government grants mainly
represent subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s R&D activities and operation.

During the Reporting Period, the Group recognised other income and gains of approximately RMB45.1 million (2023:
RMB27.7 million).


                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


Government grants                                                                       43,420            25,768
Bank interest income                                                                       405             1,159
Others                                                                                   1,263               727


Total other income and gains                                                            45,088            27,654


Administrative Expenses

Our administrative expenses decreased from RMB51.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB46.5
million for the year ended 31 December 2024. Such decrease was primarily because of the decrease in professional
consulting fees and the enhancement of scientific and efficient management measures during the Reporting Period.

Selling and Distribution Expenses

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB285.8
million, as compared to RMB256.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of
RMB29.3 million, or 11.4%. The increase in selling expenses during the year ended 31 December 2024 was in line
with the revenue growth during the same period.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Research and Development Expenses

     The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s R&D expenses for the years indicated:


                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


     R&D service fees                                                                         36,949             96,675
     Raw materials and consumables expenses                                                   31,334             33,388
     Staff costs and share-based payments                                                     54,485             67,867
     Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                   15,483             17,776
     Others                                                                                   11,023             14,976


                                                                                             149,274            230,682


     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s recognised R&D expenses were approximately RMB149.3
     million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB81.4 million, as compared to the year ended 31 December
     2023. The decreased R&D expenses was mainly due to the increase in R&D investment capitalised into deferred
     development costs as multiple key R&D projects of the Group had progressed to phase 3 clinical trial.

     Finance Costs

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB32.7 million, as compared
     to RMB14.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of approximately RMB18.6
     million, or 131.9%. The increase was mainly due to interest expenses incurred on the loan facility with China Jingu
     International Trust Co., Ltd and the finance lease agreement with Industrial Bank Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. for the
     year ended 31 December 2024.

     Income Tax Expense

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recorded income tax expense of nil.




26   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Profit/Loss for the Year

As a result of the above, our profit for the year amounted to RMB73.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, as
compared to the loss of RMB119.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

The Group’s primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, which the Group has historically
generated through the sales of products and the proceeds from the listing. The Company expects that the Group’s
cash needs in the near future will primarily relate to progressing the development of its drug candidates towards
receiving regulatory approval and commencing commercialization, as well as expanding its drug candidate portfolio.
In 2024, we actively explored financing channel and managed to maintain our cash position for the Group’s
sustainable development.

As of 31 December 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of RMB198.9 million, representing a decrease of 1.49%
compared to RMB201.9 million as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had net current assets
of approximately RMB307.6 million, as compared to approximately RMB59.7 million as at 31 December 2023. The
current ratio of the Group increased to approximately 1.47 as at 31 December 2024 from approximately 1.09 as at
31 December 2023.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately
RMB678.9 million, representing an increase of RMB282.7 million, as compared to approximately RMB396.2 million as
at 31 December 2023. The balances of the bank loans to the Group as at 31 December 2023 and 2024 were mainly
due to a RMB250.0 million loan facility granted to the Group in 2021 (the “Loan”), which shall be used to settle the
Group’s shareholder loans in relation to the installation of machinery and equipment for new production lines of the
Group. The Loan is due in 2026 and bears a floating interest rate to be updated per annum (being the latest five-
year loan prime rate plus 5 basis points). In 2024, the Group had entered into a loan facility of RMB300.0 million with
China Jingu International Trust Co., Ltd., to facilitate the swift development and marketing of various products and to
accelerate the Company’s commercial success.

Amongst the loans and borrowings, approximately RMB254.0 million are repayable within one year, and
approximately RMB424.9 million are repayable after one year. As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s borrowings
were primarily denominated in RMB, and the cash and cash equivalents were primarily denominated in RMB and U.S.
dollars.

Gearing Ratio

As at 31 December 2024, the gearing ratio of the Group, which is calculated by dividing total borrowings by total
equity, increased to 41.3% from 30.0% as at 31 December 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in
the Group’s bank and other borrowings during the Reporting Period.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Capital Commitments

     The Group has leased certain offices, equipment and buildings under operating lease arrangements ranging from one
     to five years in duration. The Group had capital commitments for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment
     with amounts of RMB217.3 million as of 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB225.0 million). They are primarily related to
     expenditures expected to be incurred for the purchase of machinery and renovation of our existing laboratories and
     buildings.

     Capital Expenditure

     The Group’s capital expenditure during the Reporting Period represented purchases of property, plant and equipment
     to enhance its R&D capabilities and expand its business operation. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the
     Group’s additions to property, plant and equipment were RMB45.8 million (2023: RMB104.3 million).

     Contingent Liabilities

     The Group did not have any contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2024.

     Charges on Group Assets

     As at 31 December 2024, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, and right-of-use assets with an
     aggregate amount of RMB247.6 million were pledged to secure its bank and other borrowings.

     Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk

     The Group primarily operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from fluctuations in exchange
     rate between RMB and other currencies in which the Group conducts its business. The Group is subject to foreign
     currency risk attributable to the bank balances that are denominated in currencies other than RMB. The Group seeks
     to limit the exposure to foreign currency risk by minimising its net foreign currency position. The Group did not enter
     into any hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk as at 31 December 2024. The Directors expect that
     the fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate will not have a material adverse effect on the operation of the Group.




28   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Share-based Payment

In December 2020, the Board passed a resolution to grant equity interests of the Company to the eligible employees
(including Directors) in order to provide incentives and rewards to participants for the business development of the
Group. Subsequently, three limited partnerships were established as employee incentive platforms in the PRC.

The Group recognised a share-based payment expense of RMB21.5 million during the Reporting Period (2023:
RMB20.6 million).

Hedging Activities

As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes and did not enter
into any hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk or interest rate risk.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 December 2024, the Group employed a total of 760 employees, as compared to a total of 813 employees as
at 31 December 2023. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the staff costs, (including Directors’ emoluments but
excluding any contributions to pension scheme), were approximately RMB96.9 million as compared to RMB127.5
million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to motivate and
retain talented employees to achieve the Group’s long term corporate goals and objectives. The Group’s employee
remuneration policy is determined by taking into account factors such as remuneration in respect of the overall
remuneration standard in the industry and employee’s performance. The management reviews the Group’s employee
remuneration policy and arrangements on a regular basis. Moreover, the social insurance contributions are made by
the Group for its PRC employees in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not hold any significant investment with a value greater than 5% of its total assets as at 31 December
2024. The Group does not have plans for material investments or capital assets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND
JOINT VENTURES

There were no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the year ended
31 December 2024.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     PLACING OF NEW SHARES

     On 7 August 2024, the Company has placed a total of 26,655,600 new ordinary shares (representing approximately
     4.97% of its total issued shares of the Company (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the placing shares) at the
     placing price of HK$9.50 per placing share to no less than six professional, institutional and/or other investors who
     are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial
     shareholder of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any of its respective associates. The closing price of
     H shares on the Stock Exchange on 7 August 2024 was HK$9.22. For details of the placing, please refer to the
     Company’s announcements dated 31 July 2024 and 7 August 2024. To the best of the knowledge, information
     and belief of the Directors, the placees are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company,
     any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any of their
     respective associates, and none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder (as defined under the Listing
     Rules) of the Company as a result of the placing. The Company has received total net proceeds from the placing
     (after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses borne or incurred by the Company) of approximately HK$250.7
     million. As at the date of this report, the usage of the net proceeds from the placing was as follows:


                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                          Approximate                                                     Expected
                                                                             Approximate            amount of
                                                           allocation of                                                timeline for
                                                                              utilisation of     net proceeds
                                                          net proceeds            proceeds           unutilised           utilisation
                                                          as previously          as at date          as at date        of unutilised
      Intended use of proceeds                                disclosed      of this report      of this report           proceeds
                                                        (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)    (HKD in million)


      Research and development of:                                125.3                87.2               38.1      By 30 June 2025
      (i) the phase 3 clinical trial and
          marketing registration of
          BA1104 in China;

      (ii) the international multi-center
           phase 3 clinical trial and marketing
           registration of Denosumab Injection
           (BA6101 and BA1102) in Europe,
           the United States, and Japan

      (iii) the clinical trials of various innovative
            product candidates

      Commercialization of Boyounuo,
       Boyoubei and Boluojia                                       50.1                24.1               26.0       By 30 June 2025

      Replenish the Company’s working
       capital and for general corporate
       purposes                                                    75.3                57.7               17.6       By 30 June 2025


      Total                                                       250.7               169.0               81.7




30   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The placing represented an opportunity to raise capital for the Company and to strengthen its financial position while
broadening its Shareholder base. The terms of the placing agreement (including the placing price) were fair and
reasonable and were in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

As at 31 December 2024, the Company had used, and proposed to use, the proceeds from the placing according to
the intentions previously disclosed by the Company.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.21 OF THE LISTING RULES

On 12 April 2024, the Company entered into a loan facility with China Jingu International Trust Co., Ltd. (the
“Lender”) whereby the Lender has agreed to extend a term loan of RMB300,000,000 to the Company (the “Facility”).
In connection with the Facility, Shandong Luye, a controlling shareholder of the Company, has agreed to pledge
74,387,153 H shares of the Company in favour of the Lender as security for the Company’s repayment obligations
under the Facility. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 April 2024 for further details. The
above obligation continues to exist as at the date of this report.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

At the Board meeting held on 27 March 2025, Mr. Wang Shenghan was nominated as a candidate for executive
Director of the Company, and Mr. Li Shixu was nominated as a candidate for non-executive Director of the Company
(collectively, the “Proposed Appointments”), which shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the annual
general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) to be held on 5 June 2025. Subject to the approval of the Proposed
Appointments, the term of office of each of Mr. Wang Shenghan and Mr. Li Shixu will be effective from the date of
the AGM until the expiry of the term of the second session of the Board. At the expiry of such terms of office, each of
their terms is renewable upon reelection.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the articles of association of the Company, or the laws of
the PRC, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares of the Company on a pro-rata basis to its existing
shareholders.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF SHAREHOLDERS

The Company’s annual AGM will be held on Thursday, 5 June 2025. For determining the eligibility to attend and vote
at the AGM, the register of shareholders of the Company will be closed from Monday, 2 June 2025 to Thursday, 5
June 2025, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. The
record date for determining the eligibility to attend and vote at the AGM will be Thursday, 5 June 2025. In order to
be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all transfer of shares of the Company, accompanied by the relevant share
certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s H Shares share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong,
for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 30 May 2025.

DIVIDEND

No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: Nil).




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            31
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT


     Set forth below is the composition of the Board of Directors, the supervisors of the Company (the “Supervisors”) and
     senior management of the Company as at 31 December 2024.

     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (“Ms. JIANG”), aged 47, was appointed as our Director on 22 June 2020 and re-designated
     as our executive Director on 25 March 2022. She is the Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer of our Company
     and the sole director of Nanjing Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (南京博安生物技術有限公司) (“Boan Nanjing”). She
     is responsible for overseeing the corporate management, strategic and business development of our Group and
     overseeing our Board. Ms. JIANG has over 26 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in the PRC. Prior
     to joining our Group, from September 1998 to September 2020, she worked at Luye Pharma Group Ltd. (綠葉製藥
     集團有限公司) (“Luye Group”) with her last position as vice president, where she was primarily responsible for Luye
     Group’s investment, strategy and business development and investor relations management. Ms. JIANG obtained
     a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University in the PRC in July 1998. She also obtained a master’s
     degree in business administration from KEDGE Business School (formerly known as Euromed Marseille Ecole de
     Management) in France in May 2007 and a doctor’s degree in business administration from United Business Institutes
     in Belgium in June 2012. She also obtained a qualification of economist (經濟師) issued by the Ministry of Human
     Resources and Social Security of the PRC (formerly known as the Ministry of Personnel of the PRC) in November
     2003.

     Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林) (“Dr. DOU”), aged 62, was appointed as our Director on 16 November 2019 and
     re-designated as our executive Director on 25 March 2022. Dr. DOU joined our Company in December 2013 and
     was responsible for the preliminary set up of our Company and its technological platforms. He is currently our
     president of R&D, chief operating officer and the sole director of Boan Boston LLC (“Boan Boston”). He is responsible
     for formulating the R&D and product line development strategies, implementing the R&D activities and overseeing
     the management of drug development processes of our Group. Dr. DOU has over 26 years of experience in the
     pharmaceutical industry, including biopharmaceutical R&D, manufacturing and quality management in various
     multinational companies. Prior to joining our Group, from September 1995 to November 1999, he worked at Memorial
     Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, a leading cancer research and treatment centre in the U.S., where he was primarily
     responsible for research in neuroscience and developmental biology. From November 1999 to December 2005,
     he worked at Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company principally engaged in life-transforming
     medicines in the U.S., where he was primarily responsible for R&D in antibody and recombinant protein drugs
     including key products such as Eylea®, leading high expression technology development and was the inventor for two
     patents granted in the U.S. From February 2006 to November 2007, he served as a group leader at Genentech, a
     biotechnology company that is now a subsidiary of the Roche Group in the U.S., where he was primarily engaged in
     the R&D of antibody drugs and innovative antibody production technologies. From December 2007 to March 2009,
     he served as a group leader at Invitrogen Corporation, a biotechnology company in the U.S., where he was primarily
     responsible for the R&D of stable cell line technology and early stage development of therapeutic protein products.
     He also served as a group leader at Cellular Dynamics International, a leading developer and manufacturer of human
     cells used in drug discovery, toxicity testing, stem cell banking and cell therapy development in the U.S., where he
     was primarily responsible for leading the R&D of cell technologies. From July 2011 to June 2012, he last served as
     a chief technical officer at A-Bio Pharma Pte. Ltd, a biologic contract manufacturing organization (CMO) principally
     engaged in research, process development and manufacturing service contracting in Singapore, where he was
     primarily responsible for formulating and implementing the R&D activities and strategic development of the company.
     From July 2012 to December 2013, he served as a director of biotechnology at Luye Group, where he was primarily
     responsible for the strategic development and product planning of Luye Group’s R&D in biopharmaceutical drugs.
     Dr. DOU obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology from Peking University in the PRC in July 1984. He also obtained a
     master’s degree from the Institute of Neuroscience of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院神經科學研究所)
     (formerly known as Shanghai Brain Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院上海腦研究所))
     in the PRC in March 1988 and a doctor’s degree from the State University of New York at Stony Brook in the U.S. in
     December 1995.


32   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Dr. DOU is the inventor of 44 invention patents for innovative antibody drug candidates and ADC candidates
and production methods as well as CAR-T therapy, of which 17 of them have been successfully granted and the
remainder are under review. He has also co-authored a number of scientific publications in journals and the following
table is a summary of Dr. DOU’s selected publications as the corresponding author from 2021 to April 2025:

 Article                                                  Journal                                 Date

 Efficacy and Safety of Dulaglutide Biosimilar            Journal of Diabetes published           17 April 2025
    LY05008 Versus the Reference Product                    by WILEY
    Dulaglutide (Trulicity) in Chinese Adults With
    Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized,
    Open-Label, Active Comparator Study1

 A multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial            Journal of Bone Oncology                28 January 2025
   comparing LY01011, a biosimilar, with                    published by ELSEVIER
   denosumab (Xgeva®) in patients with
   bone metastasis from solid tumors2

 Unlocking the potential of melanotransferrin             Expert Opinion on Therapeutic           28 December
   (CD228): implications for targeted drug                  Targets published by                    2024
   development and novel therapeutic avenues3               Taylor & Francis

 A three-arm clinical study to compare                    Expert Opinion on Drug                  24 November
   pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic similarity           Metabolism & Toxicology                 2024
   of the denosumab biosimilar LY06006 with                 published by Taylo & Francis
   reference denosumab in healthy male subjects4

 Identification of a highly conserved neutralizing        Nature Communications published         29 January 2024
   epitope within the RBD region of diverse                 by Nature Portfolio
   SARS-CoV-2 variants5

 Biparatopic antibody BA7208/7125 effectively             Cell Discovery published                7 January 2023
   neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 variants including                by Nature Portfolio
   Omicron BA.1-BA.56

 Two novel human antiCD25 antibodies with                 Scientific Reports published            25 November
   antitumor activity inversely related to their            by Nature Portfolio                     2021
   affinity and in vitro activity7

 Structure and function analysis of a potent human        Communications Biology                  23 April 2021
   neutralizing antibody CA521FALA against                  published by Nature Portfolio
   SARS-CoV-28




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            33
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     Notes:

     1.   Liu L, Cheng Z, Wang L, et al.Efficacy and Safety of Dulaglutide Biosimilar LY05008 Versus the Reference Product Dulaglutide (Trulicity)
          in Chinese Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized, Open-Label, Active Comparator Study.J Diabetes.2025 Apr 17(4):
          e70077.

     2.   Zhao M, Hu X, Zhuang P,et al.A multicenter, randomized, double-blind trial comparing LY01011, a biosimilar, with denosumab (Xgeva®)
          in patients with bone metastasis from solid tumors.J Bone Oncol. 2025 Jan 28;51:100661.

     3.   Zhang Y, Song D, Han X,et al. Unlocking the potential of melanotransferrin (CD228): implications for targeted drug development and
          novel therapeutic avenues.Expert Opin Ther Targets. 2024 Dec;28(12):1117-1129.

     4.   Fuhr R, Sun X, Wang X, et al.A three-arm clinical study to compare pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic similarity of the denosumab
          biosimilar LY06006 with reference denosumab in healthy male subjects.Expert Opin Drug Metab Toxicol. 2024 Nov 24:1-9.

     5.   Wang Y, Yan A, Song D, et al. Identification of a highly conserved neutralizing epitope within the RBD region of diverse SARS-CoV-2
          variants. Nat Commun. 2024 Jan 29;15(1):842.

     6.   Wang Y, Yan A, Song D,et al. Biparatopic antibody BA7208/7125 effectively neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 variants including Omicron BA.1-
          BA.5. Cell Discov. Cell Discov. 2023 Jan 7;9(1):3.

     7.   Song, D., Liu, X., ong, C. et al. Two novel human anti-CD25 antibodies with antitumor activity inversely related to their affinity and invitro
          activity. Sci Rep. 2021 Nov 25;11(1):22966.

     8.   Song, D., Wang, w., Dong, C. et al. Structure and function analysis of a potent human neutralizing antibody CA521F against SARS.
          CoV-2. Commun Biol. 2021 Apr 23;4(1):500.


     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖) (“Mr. LIU”), aged 61, was appointed as our Director on 22 June 2020 and
     re-designated as our non-executive Director on 25 March 2022. He joined our Group in December 2013 and is
     responsible for providing strategic advice and recommendations on the operations and management of our Group.
     Mr. LIU has over 36 years of experience in accounting and audit. Prior to joining our Group, from 1980 to 1983, he
     worked at Shandong Laiyang Biochemical Pharmaceutical Factory (山東萊陽生物製藥廠). From September 1983
     to September 1986, he served as a teacher at Yantai Business Vocational Secondary School (煙台商業中專), a
     secondary school in the PRC. He also served as the head of accounting at Yantai Alternator Plant (煙台家電交電總公
     司). Since March 1997, he has served in various positions in Luye Group, with his latest position as the chief financial
     officer of Luye Group, where he is primarily responsible for the overall financial management of Luye Group. Since
     November 2010, he has served as a director of Beijing Peking University WBL Biotech Co., Ltd (北京北大維信生物
     科技有限公司), a joint-venture company set up by Luye Group and Peking University principally engaged in R&D,
     production and sale of modern Chinese medicine, where he is primarily responsible for advising on the company’s
     business and investment plans. Since February 2020, he has served as a director of Shandong Asj Biotechnology
     Co., Ltd. (山東愛士津生物技術有限公司), a company principally engaged in manufacturing biological products in
     the PRC, where he is primarily responsible for advising on the company’s business and investment plans. Mr. LIU
     obtained an associate degree in commercial economics from Shandong Institute of Commerce and Technology (山
     東商業職業技術學院) (formerly known as Shandong Vocational University of Commerce (山東省商業職工大學)) in the
     PRC in September 1989. He also obtained a postgraduate certificate in financial management from Peking University
     in the PRC in October 2006. He obtained an accountant qualification issued by the Ministry of Human Resources and
     Social Security of the PRC (formerly known as the Ministry of Personnel of the PRC) and the Ministry of Finance of the
     PRC in November 1993.




34   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Ms. LI Li (李莉) (“Ms. LI”), aged 50, was appointed as our Director on 22 June 2020 and re-designated as our
non-executive Director on 25 March 2022. She is responsible for providing strategic advice and recommendations
on the operations and management of our Group. Ms. LI has over 27 years of experience in the pharmaceutical
industry. Prior to joining our Group, since July 1997, she has served in various positions in Luye Group, with her latest
position as a vice president of Luye Group, where she takes full responsibility for sales and marketing management
in China. Since February 2020, she has been serving as a director at Shandong Asj Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (山東愛
士津生物技術有限公司), a company principally engaged in the production of biological products in the PRC, where
she is primarily responsible for providing strategic development advice, selecting and overseeing the performance
of directors and senior management. Since November 2020, she has been serving as a director at Guangzhou
Patronus Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (廣州派諾生物技術有限公司), a scientific research company in the PRC, where
she is primarily responsible for providing strategic development advice, selecting and overseeing the performance
of directors and senior management. Ms. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from Yantai University
in the PRC in July 1997. She also completed a postgraduate course in applied psychology and human resources
management and development at Institute of Psychology of Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院心理研究
所) in the PRC in February 2009 and obtained a master’s degree in business administration from China Europe
International Business School (中歐國際工商學院) in the PRC in August 2021.

Independent Non-executive Directors

Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文) (“Professor SHI”), aged 61, was appointed as our independent Director on 23
March 2021 and re-designated as our independent non-executive Director on 25 March 2022. He is responsible for
supervising and providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group. Professor SHI has
over 37 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining our Group, since July 1987, he has been
working at the School of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Peking University (北京大學藥學院) with his latest position as
a professor in pharmaceutical administration and clinical pharmacy. Since 2002, he has been serving as a director
of the International Research Centre for Medical Administration of Peking University (北京大學醫藥管理國際研究中
心). In November 2010, he was awarded the Xue Muqiao Price Research Award (薛暮橋價格研究獎) by the Price
Association of China (中國價格協會). In June 2012, he was awarded the Scientific Chinese Person (2011) (科學中
國人(2011)年度人物) by Scientific Chinese Magazine. In December 2018, he was awarded the Most Concerned
Medical Reform Experts (2018年度最受關注醫改專家) by Health News (健康報). Professor SHI obtained a bachelor’s
degree in chemistry from Peking University Health Science Centre (北京大學醫學部) (formerly known as Peking
Medical University (北京醫科大學)) in the PRC in July 1987. He also obtained a master’s degree in health professions
education from the University of Illinois in the U.S. in July 1992. He obtained an independent director qualification
certificate from the Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”) in January 2016.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             35
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     As at the date of this report, Professor SHI holds or held directorships in the following listed companies in the past
     three years:

      Name of listed company                                                  Term                  Position


      Hospital Corporation of China Limited (弘和仁愛醫療集團有限公司),                   December 2016 to      Independent non-
        a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange                present               executive director
        (stock code: 3869)

      Beijing Centergate Technologies (Holding) Co., Ltd.                     February 2022 to      Independent director
        (北京中關村科技發展（控股）股份有限公司), a company listed                                 present
        on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock code: 000931)

      Sunho Biologics, Inc. (盛禾生物控股有限公司), a company listed                    May 2024 to           Independent non-
        on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2898)             present                executive director

     Since June 2020, he has been serving as an independent non-executive director of Dragon Laboratory Instruments
     Limited (大龍興創實驗儀器（北京）股份公司), a company principally engaged in manufacturing laboratory instruments
     in the PRC, where he is primarily responsible for providing independent advice to the company.

     Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄) (“Mr. DAI”), aged 66, was appointed as our independent Director on 23 March 2021
     and re-designated as our independent non-executive Director on 25 March 2022. He is responsible for supervising
     and providing independent advice on the operations and management of our Group. Mr. DAI has over 33 years of
     experience in accounting and audit. Prior to joining our Group, from January 1986 to October 2004, he served in
     various positions such as deputy supervisor of the research office, associate professor and postgraduate tutor at
     Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. From May 2006 to December 2013, he last served as the deputy
     financial controller and general manager of the finance department at Donghao Lansheng (Group) Co., Ltd. (東浩
     蘭生（集團）有限公司) (formerly known as Shanghai Lansheng (Group) Corporation (上海蘭生（集團）有限公司)),
     a state-owned company mainly engaged in international trade in the PRC, where he was primarily responsible for
     financial and accounting management. From December 2013 to June 2019, he served in various positions such as
     deputy general manager and chief financial officer at Shanghai Minmetals Development Ltd (上海五金礦產發展有
     限公司), a company principally engaged in import and export trade in the PRC, where he was primarily responsible
     for formulating the Company’s accounting, audit, financial management and risk management and controls. Mr.
     DAI obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (previously
     known as Shanghai Institute of Finance and Economics) in the PRC in July 1983. He also obtained a master’s
     degree in economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in the PRC in March 1986. He has been
     a member of Shanghai Institute of Certified Public Accountants since December 2009. He obtained an independent
     director qualification certificate from the SSE in October 2014. He has obtained a senior accountant (正高級會計師)
     qualification issued by Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau (上海市人力資源和社會保
     障局) since September 2017. He has been awarded as a Shanghai Outstanding Accountant (上海市先進會計工作者)
     by Shanghai Municipal Finance Bureau (上海市財政局) in August 2009.




36   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




As at the date of this report, Mr. DAI holds or held directorships in the following listed companies in the past three
years:

 Name of listed Company                                                  Term                  Position


 Jinzhou Yongshan Lithium Co., Ltd (錦州永杉鋰業股份有限公司),                       February 2022 to      Independent director
    a company listed on the SSE                                            present
    (stock code: 603399)

 Shanghai Anlogic Infotech Co., Ltd (上海安路信息科技股份有限公司), December 2020 to                         Independent director
   a company listed on the SSE                          present
   (stock code: 688107)

 Bestechnic (shanghai) Co., Ltd (恒玄科技（上海）股份有限公司),                        October 2019 to       Independent director
   a company listed on the SSE                                             present
   (stock code: 688608)


Dr. YU Jialin (余家林) (“Dr. YU”), aged 48, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 2
December 2022. He is responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on operations and management
of our Group. Dr. YU has over 20 years of experience in the finance industry. Prior to joining our Group, from July
2004 to 2012, he held teaching positions at the Graduate School of Business at Columbia University in the U.S., with
his last position being an associate professor in finance. From February 2015 to June 2015, he served as a visiting
associate professor at Princeton University in the U.S. Since October 2012, he has served/been serving in various
roles at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (“HKUST”). Since October 2012 and January 2019, he
has been serving as an associate professor of Department of Finance and the academic director of the HKUST-NYU
Stern Master of Science in Global Finance Program, respectively, at HKUST. From January 2017 to June 2018, he
also served as the academic director of Master of Science in Investment Management/Financial Analysis Program.

Dr. YU obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 1998. He also
obtained a master’s degree in economics from University of Iowa in the U.S. in July 2000 and a doctor’s degree in
economics from Princeton University in the U.S. in April 2005.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            37
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     In October 2013, Dr. YU’s research article “The Chinese Warrants Bubble”1 was cited by the Scientific Background
     of the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences compiled by the Economic Sciences Prize Committee of the Royal Swedish
     Academy of Sciences. In November 2014, he was awarded the Best Paper Award for The 2014 International
     Conference on Corporate Finance and Capital Market by the Academy of Financial Research of Zhejiang University.
     In August 2014, he was awarded the honour in MBA teaching by HKUST. In May 2015, he was awarded the 1st
     Sun Yefang Financial Innovation Paper Award by the Sun Yefang Fiscal Science Foundation. In 2016 and May 2022,
     he was recognized as a finalist of HKUST Franklin Prize for Teaching Excellence and the Recognition of Excellent
     Teaching Performance, respectively, by HKUST.

     Note:

     1.   Xiong, W., and J. Yu (2011), “The Chinese Warrants Bubble,” American Economic Review 101, 2723-2753.


     SUPERVISORS

     Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei (張曉玫) (“Ms. ZHANG”), aged 54, was appointed as our Supervisor and chairlady of our
     supervisory committee on 23 March 2021. She is responsible for supervising the overall operation of the supervisory
     committee, our Board, senior management and the financial management of our Group. Ms. ZHANG has over 30
     years of experience in the accounting and audit industry. Prior to joining our Group, from April 1994 to June 2009,
     she last served as the chief accountant of a subsidiary of Yantai Yuancheng Enterprise Co., Ltd (煙台園城企業股
     份 有 限 公 司 ) (formerly known as Yantai Hualian Development Group ( 煙 台 華 聯 發 展 集 團 )), a company principally
     engaged in the retail industry in the PRC and whose shares are listed on the SSE (stock code: 600766), where she
     was primarily responsible for overseeing the Company’s auditing and financial management. Since July 2009, Ms.
     ZHANG has served as a financial controller of Luye Investment Group Co., Ltd. (綠葉投資集團有限公司), where she
     is primarily responsible for formulating and implementing the Company’s auditing and financial management. Ms.
     ZHANG graduated with a bachelor’s qualification in accounting from Shandong University of Finance and Economics
     (山東財經大學) (formerly known as Shandong Institute of Economics (山東經濟學院)) in July 2004. She obtained an
     accountant (會計師) qualification issued by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC (中華人民共和國財政部) in May 1997,
     chief financial officer certificate (財務總監證書) issued by China Enterprise Confederation (中國企業聯合會) in March
     2006 and chief financial officer certificate (財務總監（CFO）崗位證書) from China Certification Centre of University of
     Cambridge Vocational/Professional Qualification (劍橋大學職業╱專業資格中國認證中心) in September 2010. She
     has also obtained the Certified Tax Planner (註冊高級納稅籌劃師) qualification issued by The Educational Specialist
     Committee of China Science and Technology Institute Centre (中國科學技術協會教育專家委員會) in October 2012,
     senior financial management technician of CIE professional leadership (CIE職業領導之財務管理高級技師) from the
     Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部) in November
     2013 and senior management accountant (管理會計師) qualification certified by Beijing National Accounting Institute
     (北京國家會計學院) in August 2018.




38   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Ms. NING Xia (寧夏) (“Ms. NING”), aged 36, was appointed as our Supervisor on 23 March 2021 and
re-appointed on 26 March 2024. Ms. NING joined our Group in October 2020 and is our human resources
supervisor. She is responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board. Ms. NING has over
14 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining our Group, from January 2011 to July 2011,
she served as a manufacturing technologist of Shanghai Xinyi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海信誼藥廠有限公司), a
pharmaceutical company in the PRC, where she was primarily responsible for drug production and manufacturing.
From October 2011 to February 2012, she served as a quality auditor at Nanjing Luye Sike Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
(南京綠葉思科藥業有限公司), a company principally engaged in the R&D, production and sales of cancer drugs
in the PRC, where she was primarily responsible for supervising and managing workshop production and quality
control. From March 2012 to July 2018, she last served as a human resources business partner (HBRP) manager of
Nanjing Sanhome Pharmaceutical Limited Company (南京聖和藥業股份有限公司), a pharmaceutical company in the
PRC. From August 2018 to June 2019, she served in the human resources department of Realcan Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. (瑞康醫藥股份有限公司), a company principally engaged in wholesale and distribution of pharmaceutical
products in the PRC. From July 2019 to September 2020, she served as a human resources business partner at
Yantai Rongchang Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. (煙台榮昌製藥股份有限公司), a company principally engaged in the R&D,
manufacturing and sales of small molecule and biological drugs in the PRC, where she was primarily responsible for
management of human resources in the sales department. Ms. NING obtained a bachelor’s degree in pharmacy from
Shenyang Pharmaceutical University (瀋陽藥科大學) in the PRC in July 2010. She obtained an assistant engineer (助
理工程師) certification issued by Nanjing Leader Group Office for Professional Qualifications (南京市職稱（職業資格）
工作領導小組辦公室) in July 2012 and Level 3 Enterprise Human Resource Manager (企業人力資源管理師（三級）)
by the Occupational Skills Testing Authority of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of PRC (人社部
職業技能鑒定中心) in June 2014.

Ms. LIU Xiangjie (劉祥杰) (“Ms. LIU”), aged 52, was appointed as our Supervisor on 23 March 2021. She is
responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board. Ms. LIU has over 30 years of experience
in the finance and accounting industry. Prior to joining our Group, since August 1994, she served in various positions
in Luye Group with her latest position as the financial director of Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (山東綠
葉製藥有限公司) (“Shandong Luye”), where she is primarily responsible for overseeing and supervising the financial
management of the Company. Ms. LIU obtained a vocational secondary school degree in industrial enterprise
management from Yantai Industrial School (山東省煙台工業學校) in the PRC in July 1994. She also graduated
from Shandong Cadres Correspondence University (山東幹部函授大學) in the PRC with a junior college diploma
in finance and accounting in June 1997. She has obtained an Intermediate Accountant (中級會計師) certification
issued by the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Shandong Province (山東省人力資源和社會保
障廳) since December 2015 and a certified management accountant (註冊管理會計師) certification by the Institute
of Management Accountants since July 2018. She has also obtained an International Certified Public Accountants
qualification certified by American Association of Chartered Accountants since September 2020 and a Senior
Management Accountant (高級管理會計師) qualification certified by Beijing National Accounting Institute (北京國家會
計學院) since October 2020.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            39
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Our senior management comprises executive Directors and the following persons:

     Mr. WANG Shenghan (王盛翰) (formerly known as Wang Dongdong (王冬冬)) (“Mr. WANG”), aged 45, joined
     our Group in September 2020 as the chief financial officer of our Company. He is responsible for overseeing, advising
     and implementing comprehensive financial and strategies of our Group. He joined Luye Group in December 2009.
     From December 2009 to August 2020, he served as the assistant to the president and later the director of investment
     and business development of Luye Pharma, where he was responsible for securities affairs, investment and capital
     operations. Mr. WANG has over 23 years of experience in accounting and corporate finance. Prior to joining our
     Group, from July 2001 to May 2004, he served as an audit manager at Tianyuanquan Accounting Firm (Special
     General Partnership) (天圓全會計事務所（特殊普通合伙）) (formerly known as Beijing Tianyuanquan Accounting Firm
     (Special General Partnership) (北京天園全會計事務所（特殊普通合伙）), whose predecessor is Shandong Qianju
     Accounting Firm (山東乾聚會計師事務所), an accounting firm in the PRC. From June 2004 to July 2008, he last
     served as a deputy general accountant at Yantai Yuancheng Enterprise Co., Ltd (煙台園城企業股份有限公司), a
     company principally engaged in the retail industry in the PRC and whose shares are listed on the SSE (stock code:
     600766), where he was primarily responsible for managing the annual accounting and auditing of the Company.
     From October 2008 to November 2009, he served as the financial controller and secretary of the board at Qingdao
     Tianren Huanjing Co., Ltd (青島天人環境股份有限公司), a company mainly engaged in biomass energy development,
     environmental protection and new energy projects in the PRC, where he was primarily responsible for the listing
     application, investment and capital operations. Since November 2016, he has been serving as a director of Shandong
     Luye Natural Medicine R&D Co., Ltd. (山東綠葉天然藥物研究開發有限公司), a company principally engaged in the
     R&D in natural medicine in the PRC. Since January 2021, he has been serving as a director of Yantai Luye Hospital
     Management Co., Ltd. (煙台綠葉醫院管理有限公司), a company principally engaged in biomedicine healthcare,
     marine biology and bio-agriculture investments in the PRC, where he is primarily responsible for providing strategic
     development, finance and investment advice. Mr. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree of economics in finance from
     Shandong University of Finance and Economics (山東財經大學) (formerly known as Shandong Institute of Economics
     (山東經濟學院)) in the PRC in July 2001. He also obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Ocean
     University of China (中國海洋大學) in the PRC in January 2010. He obtained a certified public accountant qualification
     issued by Shandong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (山東省註冊會計師協會) in the PRC in January 2008.

     Mr. SONG Deyong (宋德勇) (“Mr. SONG”), aged 41, joined our Group in December 2015 and was appointed as
     our senior head of biologics discovery department in January 2022. He is responsible for managing our Company’s
     biopharmaceutical target research, projects selection, biopharmaceutical molecules discovery and lead molecules
     confirmation. He has over 15 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining our Group, from
     April 2009 to December 2009, Mr. SONG served as a research staff at Beijing ABT Gene Engineering Technology
     Co., Ltd (北京安波特基因工程技術有限公司), a company principally engaged in the R&D of genetic engineering
     antibody drugs and technical services in the PRC, where he was primarily responsible for R&D of genetic engineering
     antibody drugs and providing genetic engineering technical services. From December 2009 to November 2015, he
     last served as a supervisor at Sinocelltech Group Limited (北京神州細胞生物技術集團股份公司) (formerly known as
     Beijing Sino Biotechnology Co., Ltd (北京義翹神州生物技術有限公司)), a company principally engaged in developing
     and manufacturing recombinant proteins, monoclonal antibodies, and vaccines in the PRC, where he was primarily
     responsible for optimizing antibody discovery technologies, screening mouse and rabbit monoclonal antibodies and
     conducting biological evaluation of monoclonal antibodies. Mr. SONG obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology and
     a master’s degree in microbiology from Shandong University (山東大學) in the PRC in July 2005 and June 2008,
     respectively.




40   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
REPORT OF DIRECTORS



The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.

CORPORATE INFORMATION

The Company was established in the PRC on 30 December 2013 and was converted into a joint stock company with
limited liability under the PRC Company Law with effect from 29 March 2021. The Company’s H shares have been
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since 30 December 2022.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activities of the Company is to develop, manufacture and commercialise high quality biologics across
various therapeutic areas in the PRC and overseas. Details of the principal activities of the Company’s subsidiaries
are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements of this report.

BUSINESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE

A fair review of the Group’s business during the year ended 31 December 2024, including an analysis where key
financial performance indicators are used, and the outlook of the Group’s business, are provided in the section
headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report, where discussion therein forms part of this “Report of
Directors”.

RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income on page 79 of this report.

DIVIDEND POLICY AND FINAL DIVIDEND

No dividends were declared for the year ended 31 December 2024.

It is the policy of the Board, in considering payment of dividends, to allow Shareholders to share the Company’s
profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for the Group’s future growth.

The Board shall consider the following factors before declaring or recommending dividends:

•   the Company’s earnings and financial position;

•   the Group’s working capital, operating and capital expenditure requirements, and future expansion plans;

•   the Group’s liquidity;

•   general economic condition, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or external factors that
    may affect the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

•   other factors that the Board considers relevant.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           41
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     The payment of dividends is also subject to applicable laws and regulations including the laws and regulations of
     the PRC and the Articles of Association. The Board will review the dividend policy on a regular basis and there is no
     assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the Group’s results, assets, liabilities for the last five financial years are set out on page 6 of this report.
     This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

     RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RELATING TO THE GROUP’S BUSINESS

     The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected by a number of
     risks and uncertainties directly or indirectly pertaining to the Group’s businesses. The following are the key risks and
     uncertainties identified by the Group. There may be other risks and uncertainties in addition to the below which are
     not known to the Group or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.

     Market Risk

     Market risk is the risk that deteriorates the Group’s profitability or affects its ability to meet business objectives arising
     from the movement in market prices. The management of the Group manages and monitors these exposures to
     ensure appropriate measures are implemented in a timely and effective manner.

     Operational Risk

     Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from
     external events. Responsibility for managing operational risks rests with every function at divisional and departmental
     levels. Key functions in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of authority and reporting
     framework. Our management will identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so that appropriate
     response to risk can be taken.

     Investment Risk

     Investment risk is the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any particular investment.
     Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different investments, thus risk
     assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation system has been set up
     and detailed analysis will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on the progress of the Group’s
     investments would be submitted to the Board.




42   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Manpower and Retention Risk

The Group may face the risk of not being able to attract and retain key personnel and talents with appropriate and
required skills, experience and competence which could meet the business objectives of the Group. The Group will
provide attractive remuneration package to suitable candidates and personnel.

Financial Risk

The Group also faces financial risks relating to interest rate, foreign currency, credit, and liquidity. Details of these
financial risks are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

In light of the above risks which are relevant to and may potentially affect the Group’s business, the Group has certain
risk management procedures with a view to minimise the risks and to manage, but not eliminate, the risk of failure to
fulfil the Group’s business objectives. Please refer to the section headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” in
the Corporate Governance Report for policies concerning the Group’s risk management system.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

Our Group is committed to achieving environmental sustainability. Our commitment to protect the environment is well
reflected by our continuous efforts in promoting green measures and awareness in our daily business operations. Our
Group’s business is subject to national, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations of the PRC. During
the year ended 31 December 2024, so far as our Directors are aware, there were no material breaches of applicable
environmental laws and regulations of the PRC that have a significant adverse impact on the business and operations
of our Group.

Our Group also encourages environmental protection and promotes awareness of the same to the employees.
Our Group adheres to the principle of recycling and reducing. It implements green office practices such as double-
sided printing and copying, setting up recycling bins, promoting the use of recycled paper, and reducing energy
consumption by switching off idle lightings and electrical appliances.

Our Group endeavours to comply with the relevant laws and regulations regarding environmental protection and
adopts effective measures to achieve efficient use of resources, waste reduction and energy saving. Our Group will
review its environmental practices from time to time and will consider implementing further eco-friendly measures
and practices in the operation of our Group’s businesses to move towards adhering to the 3Rs – reduce, recycle and
reuse, and enhance environmental sustainability.

In accordance with paragraph 4(1) of Appendix C2 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s Environmental, Social and
Governance Report (“ESG Report”) will be available on its website at the same time as the publication of this report.

The 2024 ESG Report, in electronic form only, is published on the website of the Company at www.boan-bio.com
under the section “Investors” and the website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             43
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     Being people-oriented, our Group ensures all staffs are reasonably remunerated and our Group also continue to
     improve and regularly review and update its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health and
     safety.

     Our Group maintains a good relationship with its customers. A customer complaint handling mechanism is in place
     to receive, analyse and study complaints and make recommendations on remedies with the aim of improving service
     quality.

     Our Group is in good relationship with its suppliers and conducts a fair and strict appraisal of its suppliers on an
     annual basis.

     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     Sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately 64.8% of the total sales for the year ended
     31 December 2024 and sales to the largest customer included therein amounted to 20.6% of the total sales for the
     year ended 31 December 2024.

     None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the
     Directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interest in the Group’s five largest
     customers and suppliers.

     Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 34.8% of the total purchases for the
     year ended 31 December 2024 and purchases from the largest supplier included therein amounted to 18.8% of the
     total purchases for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024
     are set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in
     note 26 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVE

     As at 31 December 2024, the Company did not have any distributable reserve. Details of movements in the reserves
     of the Group during the year are set out on pages 82 to 83 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of this
     report and in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

     Particulars of bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out in note 22 to the consolidated financial
     statements in this report.




44   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




DONATION

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company did not make any charitable donations (For the year ended 31
December 2023: the Company did not make any charitable donations).

FUND RAISING ACTIVITIES

On 7 August 2024, the Company has placed a total of 26,655,600 new ordinary shares (representing approximately
4.97% of its total issued shares of the Company (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the placing shares)
at the placing price of HK$9.50 per placing share to no less than six placees. Details are provided in the section
headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report, where discussion therein forms part of this “Report of
Directors”.

Other than the above, the Group did not conduct any equity fund-raising activities during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors:

Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady of our Board)
Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林) (President of R&D and Chief Operating Officer)

Non-executive Directors:

Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)
Ms. LI Li (李莉)

Independent Non-executive Directors:

Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)

BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographies of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Group are set out on pages 32 to 40 of this
report.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all of the independent non-executive Directors
to be independent in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          45
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     Each of the executive Directors, namely Ms. JIANG Hua and Dr. DOU Changlin, has entered into a service contract
     with the Company for a term commencing from 31 May 2024 until the end of the second session of the Board, and
     may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the service contracts.

     Each of the non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LIU Yuanchong and Ms. LI Li, has entered into an appointment letter
     with the Company for a term commencing from 31 May 2024 until the end of the second session of the Board, and
     may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment letters.

     Each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely Professor SHI Luwen, Mr. DAI Jixiong and Dr. YU Jialin has
     entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term commencing from 31 May 2024 until the end of the
     second session of the Board, and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment
     letters.

     At the Board meeting held on 27 March 2025, Mr. Wang Shenghan was nominated as a candidate for executive
     Director of the Company, and Mr. Li Shixu was nominated as a candidate for non-executive Director of the Company
     (the “Proposed Appointments”), which shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the AGM to be held on 5
     June 2025. Subject to the approval of the Proposed Appointments, the term of office of each of Mr. Wang Shenghan
     and Mr. Li Shixu will be effective from the date of the AGM until the expiry of the term of the second session of the
     Board. At the expiry of such terms of office, each of their terms is renewable upon re-election.

     Each of the shareholder representative Supervisors, namely Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei and Ms. LIU Xiangjie, has entered
     into a service contract with the Company for a term commencing from 31 May 2024 until the end of the second
     session of the Board of Supervisors, and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the service
     contracts.

     The employee representative Supervisor, namely Ms. NING Xia, has entered into a service contract with the Company
     for a term commencing from 26 March 2024 until the end of the second session of the Board of Supervisors, and
     may be terminated in accordance with the terms of the service contract.

     Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei, Ms. LIU Xiangjie and Ms. NING Xia constitute the second session of the Board of Supervisors.

     None of the Directors and Supervisors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year
     without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

     INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS

     As at 31 December 2024 or at any time during the year, other than those transactions disclosed in note 31 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this report, (a) no transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in
     relation to the Group’s business to which the Company, Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent
     companies was a party and in which a Director and/or Supervisor or his or her connected entity had a material
     interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted; and (b) there is no contract of significance (i) between the Company
     or its subsidiaries and the Company’s controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries; and (ii) for the provision of services to
     the Company or any of its subsidiaries by the Company’s controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries.




46   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




DEBENTURES

The Company did not have any debentures in issue during the year ended 31 December 2024.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2024.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in this report, no equity-linked agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares nor
require the Company to enter into an agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares was entered
into by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 or subsisted at the end of the year.

EMOLUMENT POLICY

The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to motivate and retain talented employees so as to achieve the
Group’s long term corporate goals and objectives. The Group’s employee remuneration policy is determined by
considering factors such as remuneration in respect of the overall remuneration standard in the industry and the
employee’s performance. The management reviews the Group’s employee remuneration policy and arrangements
on a regular basis. In addition, social insurance contributions are made by the Group for its PRC employees in
accordance with the relevant PRC regulations. For employee retirement benefits, please refer to note 2.4 to the
consolidated financial statements in this report. A remuneration committee of the Board was set up for reviewing the
Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group,
having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance of the Directors and senior management, and
comparable market practices. Our Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the
countries in which it operates. The Company’s subsidiaries established and operating in Mainland China are required
to participate in central pension schemes operated by the local municipal government and the central government,
respectively.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH
HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

Details of the emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out
in notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements in this report.

SHARE SCHEME

During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report, the Group has not adopted any share
scheme as defined under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

Save as disclosed above and in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in this report,
there was no change to any of the information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director and Supervisors
pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2024.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            47
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
     POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As at 31 December 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the
     Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) required to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which
     they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO), or which would be required, pursuant
     to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which would be required to be notified
     to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
     Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”), are as follows:

     (i) Interest in the Company

                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                                                                   holding in
                                                                                 Class of                 Number of          the total issued
      Name                   Nature of Interest                                  Shares                     Shares             share capital

      JIANG Hua              Beneficial owner1, 2, 3                             H Shares              9,000,000 (L)                    1.68%
      DOU Changlin           Beneficial owner1, 2, 3                             H Shares              6,800,000 (L)                    1.27%
      LIU Yuanchong          Beneficial owner1, 2, 3                             H Shares              4,000,000 (L)                    0.75%
      LI Li                  Interest in a controlled corporation1, 2, 3         H Shares             47,638,668 (L)                    8.89%

     Remark:   The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

     Notes:

     1.   Yantai Bolian Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博聯投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bolian”) held 21,415,548 Shares. Ms.
          LI is the general partner of Yantai Bolian and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bolian. Pursuant to the
          partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bolian held 4,720,000 and 6,800,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG and Dr. DOU,
          respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bolian.

     2.   Yantai Bofa Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博發投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bofa”) held 11,268,488 Shares. Ms.
          LI is the general partner of Yantai Bofa and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bofa. Pursuant to the
          partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bofa held 1,800,000 and 1,000,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG and Mr. LIU,
          respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bofa.

     3.   Yantai Bosheng Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博晟投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bosheng”) holds 14,954,632 Shares.
          Ms. LI is the general partner of Yantai Bosheng and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai Bosheng.
          Pursuant to the partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bosheng held 2,480,000 and 3,000,000 Shares on behalf of Ms.
          JIANG and Mr. LIU, respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bosheng.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of our Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the
     Company has any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its
     associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) recorded in the register required to
     be kept under section 352 of the SFO, or (ii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
     the Model Code.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

     Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, no rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in
     or debentures of the Company were granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years
     of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company and any of its subsidiaries a party to any
     arrangement to enable the Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such
     rights in any other body corporate for the year ended 31 December 2024.




48   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2024, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) had, or deemed to have or taken to have an interest and/or short
position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Division 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                       percentage of
                                                                                                     shareholding in
 Name of                                                         Class of            Number of       the total issued
 Shareholder                          Nature of Interest         Shares                Shares           share capital


 Shandong Luye                        Beneficial owner1          H Shares        360,596,456 (L)             67.28%
                                      Beneficial owner1          H Shares         74,387,153 (S)             13.88%
 Yantai Luye Pharmaceutical           Interest in a controlled   H Shares        360,596,456 (L)             67.28%
   Holdings Co., Ltd.                    corporation1
   (煙台綠葉醫藥控股（集團）                      Interest in a controlled   H Shares         74,387,153 (S)             13.88%
   有限公司) (“Yantai Luye”)                 corporation1
 Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited        Interest in a controlled   H Shares        360,596,456 (L)             67.28%
   (“Luye HK”)                           corporation1
                                      Interest in a controlled   H Shares         74,387,153 (S)             13.88%
                                         corporation1
 AsiaPharm Investments Ltd.           Interest in a controlled   H Shares        360,596,456 (L)             67.28%
   (“AsiaPharm”)                         corporation1
                                      Interest in a controlled   H Shares         74,387,153 (S)             13.88%
                                         corporation1
 Luye Pharma                          Interest in a controlled   H Shares        360,596,456 (L)             67.28%
                                         corporation1
                                      Interest in a controlled   H Shares         74,387,153 (S)             13.88%
                                         corporation1
 LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment       Interest in a controlled   H Shares        360,596,456 (L)             67.28%
   Co., Ltd. (“LuYe Investment”)         corporation2
                                      Interest in a controlled   H Shares         74,387,153 (S)             13.88%
                                         corporation2
 LuYe Pharmaceutical International    Interest in a controlled   H Shares        360,596,456 (L)             67.28%
   Co., Ltd. (“LuYe International”)      corporation2
                                      Interest in a controlled   H Shares         74,387,153 (S)             13.88%
                                         corporation2
 Luye Pharma Holdings Limited         Interest in a controlled   H Shares        360,596,456 (L)             67.28%
   (“Luye Holdings”)                     corporation2
                                      Interest in a controlled   H Shares         74,387,153 (S)             13.88%
                                         corporation2




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            49
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                                               shareholding in
      Name of                                                                     Class of                 Number of           the total issued
      Shareholder                             Nature of Interest                  Shares                     Shares               share capital


      Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd.           Interest in a controlled            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                  67.28%
        (“Luye Life Sciences”)                   corporation2
                                              Interest in a controlled            H Shares              74,387,153 (S)                 13.88%
                                                 corporation2
      Nelumbo Investments Limited             Interest in a controlled            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                  67.28%
        (“Nelumbo”)                              corporation2
                                              Interest in a controlled            H Shares              74,387,153 (S)                 13.88%
                                                 corporation2
      Ginkgo (PTC) Limited (“Ginkgo”)         Trustee2                            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                  67.28%
                                              Trustee2                            H Shares             74,387,153 (S)                  13.88%
      Shorea LBG (“Shorea”)                   Interest in a controlled            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                  67.28%
                                                 corporation2
                                              Interest in a controlled            H Shares              74,387,153 (S)                 13.88%
                                                 corporation2
      Mr. LIU Dian Bo                         Founder of a discretionary          H Shares            360,596,456 (L)                  67.28%
                                                 trust2
                                              Founder of a discretionary          H Shares              74,387,153 (S)                 13.88%
                                                 trust2
      Central Huijin Investment Ltd.(3)       Interest in a controlled            H Shares              74,387,153 (L)                 13.88%
                                                 corporation

     Remark:   The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

     Notes:

     1.   Shandong Luye is wholly owned by Yantai Luye, which in turn is wholly owned by Luye HK. Luye HK is in turn wholly owned by AsiaPharm
          and AsiaPharm is wholly owned by Luye Pharma. Accordingly, each of Luye Pharma, AsiaPharm, Luye HK and Yantai Luye is deemed
          under the SFO to be interested in the Shares held by Shandong Luye.

     2.   Luye Pharma is beneficially owned as to approximately 33.53% by LuYe Investment. LuYe Investment is indirectly wholly-owned by
          Luye Life Sciences, through LuYe International and Luye Holdings. Luye Life Sciences is owned as to 70% by Nelumbo. The entire issued
          share capital of Nelumbo is held by Ginkgo as trustee of the family trust of Mr. LIU. Ginkgo is wholly-owned by Shorea whose sole
          shareholder is Mr. LIU. Mr. LIU is a director of Luye Pharma. For the avoidance of doubt, LuYe Investment, LuYe International, Luye
          Holdings, Luye Life Sciences, Nelumbo, Ginkgo, Shorea and Mr. LIU are not substantial shareholders of the Company.

     3.   Jingu Ruida No.18 Fund Trust (“Jingu Ruida”) held the Shares as collateral. Jingu Ruida is wholly owned by China Cinda Asset
          Management Co., Ltd. (“China Cinda”). Accordingly, China Cinda is deemed under the SFO to be interested in the Shares held by Jingu
          Ruida.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Directors are not aware of any person who had interests or
     short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the
     Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be
     kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




50   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

Save as disclosed in other session of this annual report, there was no purchase, sale and redemption of any listed
securities of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2024.

TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any taxation relief available to shareholders of the Company by reason of their holding
of the Shares.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association, which would oblige the Company to
offer new shares of the Company on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

For the year ended 31 December 2024, no permitted indemnity provision (whether made by the Company or
otherwise) was made which was or is in force for the benefit of the Directors of the Company or any directors of the
associated companies of the Company (if made by the Company).

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors.

DIRECTOR’S AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER’S INTEREST IN COMPETING
BUSINESS

None of the Directors held any interests in any business that compete directly against the Company or any of its
jointly controlled entities and subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2024.

CONNECTED TRANSACTION

A summary of the related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024 is
contained in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. None of the transactions summarised in
such note constitute a non-exempt “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.

MATERIAL EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD

After 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report, save as disclosed in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis — Subsequent Events after the Reporting Period” and to the best of the Directors’
knowledge, there was no event that had affected the Group significantly.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           51
     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) has reviewed together with the management the accounting principles
     and policies adopted by the Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
     December 2024.

     CODE OF CONDUCT REGARDING DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SECURITIES
     TRANSACTIONS

     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by directors and supervisors which
     are no less stringent than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Issuers, Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and Supervisors
     and they have all confirmed compliance with the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate governance practices. Information on
     the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report at
     pages 57 to 73 of this annual report.

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF SHAREHOLDERS

     The AGM will be held on Thursday, 5 June 2025. For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the
     register of shareholders of the Company will be closed from Monday, 2 June 2025 to Thursday, 5 June 2025, both
     days inclusive, during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend
     and vote at the AGM, all transfer of shares of the Company, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be
     lodged with the Company’s H Shares share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
     1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later
     than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 30 May 2025.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver from strict compliance with the public float requirements
     under Rule 8.08(1)(a) of the Listing Rules. Under the conditions of such waiver as described in the Prospectus, the
     minimum public float of the Company should be at the highest of (a) 18.14% of the Company’s total issued share
     capital; (b) such percentage of Shares held by the public immediately after the completion of the Global Offering
     (assuming that the over-allotment option is not exercised); and (c) such percentage of Shares held by the public after
     the exercise of the over-allotment option, provided that the highest of (a), (b) and (c) above is below the minimum
     public float requirement of 25% under Rule 8.08(1)(a) of the Listing Rules. Based on the information that is publicly
     available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, there was a sufficient public float of the issued
     shares of the Company as described above as at the date of this report.




52   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
REPORT OF DIRECTORS




AUDITOR

Ernst & Young has been appointed as the auditor of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Ernst & Young shall retire at the AGM and, if eligible, will offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-
appointment of Ernst & Young as independent auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM. There was no
change in the auditor of the Company in the preceding three years.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

For the Reporting Period, the Company is in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
impact on the Company.




On behalf of the Board
JIANG Hua
Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady

Yantai, Shandong, The People’s Republic of China, 27 March 2025




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              53
     WORK REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR 2024



     In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law, the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for the
     Board of Supervisors and other relevant laws and regulations, all members of the Board of Supervisors of Shandong
     Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) prudently and carefully performed its
     duties and functions for the benefit of all Shareholders, protected the interests of the Shareholders of the Company,
     independently exercised its powers according to the laws and regulations, and proactively conducted its work in
     2024 to regulate the operation of the Company and protect the interests of the Company and investors. In 2024,
     the Board of Supervisors conducted supervision and inspections on the production and operation, related party
     transactions, decision-making procedures, financial conditions and internal management system of the Company
     to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and Shareholders. The report on the main work of the
     Board of Supervisors in 2024 are as follows:

     I. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS

         In 2024, the Board of Supervisors of the Company held three meetings in compliance with laws and regulations
         and the Articles of Association in relation to the procedures for convening and holding meetings, the qualifications
         of attendees, voting procedures, voting results and resolutions, where the financial conditions of the Company
         and other matters were considered and reviewed.

         1.   On 18 April 2024, the Company held the sixth meeting of the first session of the Board of Supervisors. 3
              supervisors were eligible for attending the meeting and 3 supervisors attended the meeting in person.

              The Proposal on the Work Report of the Board of Supervisors for 2023, the Proposal on the Related Party
              Transactions of the Company, the Proposal on the Annual Auditor’s Report, the Proposal on the Final
              Dividends, the Proposal on the Internal Control Report for 2023, the Proposal on the General Election of the
              Second Board of Supervisors and other proposals were considered and approved at the meeting.

         2.   On 26 July 2024, the Company held the first meeting of the second session of the Board of Supervisors. 3
              supervisors were eligible for attending the meeting and 3 supervisors attended the meeting in person.

              The Proposal on the Company’s New Issuance of H Shares within the Scope of General Authorization,
              the Proposal on Authorizing the Chairman of the Board of Directors and its Authorized Persons to Handle
              Matters Related to the Additional Issuance of H Shares and other proposals were considered and approved
              at the meeting.

         3.   On 27 August 2024, the Company held the second meeting of the second session of the Board of
              Supervisors. 3 supervisors were eligible for attending the meeting and 3 supervisors attended the meeting in
              person.

              The Proposal on the 2024 Interim Results Announcement and Auditor’s Report, the Proposal on Non-
              payment of Interim Dividend and other proposals were considered and approved at the meeting.




54   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
WORK REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR 2024




II. SUPERVISION OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OVER RELEVANT MATTERS OF
    THE COMPANY IN 2024

   In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Laws and regulations, the Articles of
   Association and other relevant regulations, the Board of Supervisors of the Company carefully performed its
   duties and functions for the benefit of Shareholders in 2024, and conducted supervision and inspections on
   financial conditions, internal control construction, related party transactions and other important matters of the
   Company.

   (I) Legal Operation of the Company

       The members of the Board of Supervisors of the Company carefully performed their responsibilities and
       fulfill their duties, and conducted supervision over the decision-making procedures and internal control
       systems according to the law as well as the performance of duties and powers by the Board of Directors
       and the implementation of decision-making procedures by way of attending the meetings of the Board of
       Directors. The Board of Supervisors believes that the Company carried out the standardized operation in
       strict accordance with the requirements of the Company Law, the Articles of Association and other relevant
       PRC laws and regulations, the decision-making procedures of the Company were legal and valid, the Board
       of Directors operated in a standardized manner and made decisions in a rational manner, and the Board of
       Directors and management can exercise their duties and powers according to the rules and regulations of
       the Company. The Company attached great importance to the construction of systems, and established
       and improved the internal control and management system to promote the standardized operation and
       management of the Company.

   (II) Financial Conditions of the Company

       The Board of Supervisors of the Company carefully reviewed the annual financial report issued by the
       accounting firm engaged by the Company. The Board of Supervisors believes that the Company has
       established a relatively sound financial system, constantly improved its systems and ensured the basically
       standardized financial operation, and that the regular financial reports of the Company can faithfully,
       accurately and fairly reflect the financial conditions of the Company and were in line with the requirements of
       the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the Accounting System for Business Enterprises.

   (III) Related Party Transactions of the Company

       The Board of Supervisors of the Company reviewed the ordinary related party transactions of the Company
       in 2024 according to the requirements of the Articles of Association, the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong
       Stock Exchange (hereinafter referred to as the “Listing Rules”) and other relevant laws and regulations. The
       Board of Supervisors believes that the matters relating to related party transactions of the Company in 2024
       met the business development needs of the Company, the terms of such transactions were at arm’s length
       and reasonable and in line with the interests of the Shareholders of the Company as a whole. The connected
       transactions of the Company in 2024 were in compliance with or fully exempted from the requirements of the
       Listing Rules, and relevant matters were not subject to the requirements relating to reports, announcements,
       circulars and approvals at general meetings.

   (IV) Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on Internal Control Self-Assessment Report

       In strict accordance with the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of Corporate Governance for
       Listed Companies and other laws and regulations as well as the relevant requirements of the Shanghai Stock
       Exchange, the Company regulated its operations and constantly improved its corporate governance rules
       to effectively enhance its business management and risk resistance capabilities. The Board of Supervisors
       reviewed the internal control assessment report and the establishment and implementation of internal
       management system of the Company.

ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             55
     WORK REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FOR 2024




     III. HIGHLIGHTS OF THE WORK OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS IN 2025
        In 2025, all members of the Board of Supervisors will continue to strictly implement the relevant requirements of
        the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Listing Rules and the Articles of Association, faithfully and diligently
        perform their duties and responsibilities, and strengthen the supervision over major decisions, financial conditions
        and related party transactions of the Company according to the laws and regulations. Meanwhile, in order to
        promote the performance of supervisory functions, the Board of Supervisors will attend the general meetings and
        be present at meetings of the Board of Directors according to the laws and regulations, so as to keep informed
        of major decisions of the Company and the legality of decision-making procedures in a timely manner, procure
        the Company to further improve the quality of information disclosure, enhance the effective supervision of the
        Board of Supervisors over the standardized operation of the Company, effectively protect the legitimate rights
        and interests of all investors, and promote the sustainable and steady development of the Company.




     The Board of Supervisors of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
     ZHANG Xiaomei
     Chairlady
     Yantai, Shandong, The People’s Republic of China
     3 April 2025




56   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND VALUES

A healthy corporate culture across the Group is integral to attaining its vision and strategy. It is the Board’s role to
foster a corporate culture with the following core principles and to ensure that the Company’s vision, values and
business strategies are aligned to it.

1. Core values

    Integrity, cooperation, innovation and excellence are core values of the Group. Integrity lays the foundation of
    the Company, cooperation guarantees the victory of the team, innovation drives the Group’s development, and
    excellence is the Group’s ultimate pursuit. The Group strives to maintain high standards of business ethics and
    corporate governance across all of our activities and operations. The Directors, management and staff are all
    required to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly, and the required standards and norms are explicitly set out
    in the training materials for all new staff and embedded in various policies of the Group such as the Group’s
    employee handbook, the anti-corruption policy and the whistleblowing policy of the Group. Trainings are
    conducted from time to time to reinforce the required standards in respect of core values.

2. Business Philosophy

    The Group believes that customer orientation helps the Group to grasp market opportunities, efficient operation
    enables the Group to stay ahead of the competition, and achievement of employees promotes a long-lasting
    business. These are fundamentals for a strong and productive workforce that attracts, develops, and retains
    the best talent and produce the highest quality of work. Moreover, the business development and management
    strategies of the Company seek to achieve long-term, steady and sustainable growth, while having due
    considerations of the environment, social and governance aspects.

The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with good corporate governance
practices. This ensures that the overall business risk of the Group is assessed and managed appropriately and
sustainable returns can be delivered to its shareholders. The Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) published
by the Stock Exchange sets out the principles of good corporate governance, and the Group manages its corporate
affairs (such as its board composition, audit, internal control and risk management) in accordance with such
principles. This corporate governance report provides a channel through which shareholders could evaluate the
Group’s implementation of such principles to its business.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             57
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of
     Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

     Save for the deviation disclosed in this annual report in respect of code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as further set
     out in the section headed “Chairlady and Chief Executive Officer” below, during the year ended 31 December 2024,
     the Company has complied with all the code provisions as set out in the CG Code contained in Part 2 of Appendix
     C1 to the Listing Rules.

     THE BOARD

     Responsibilities

     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group which oversees the Group’s strategic decisions
     and monitors business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
     management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects
     of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established five Board committees, namely the Audit Committee, the
     remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”), the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”),
     the strategy committee (the “Strategy Committee”) and the environmental, social and governance committee (the “ESG
     Committee”) (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as
     set out in their respective terms of reference.

     All Directors shall ensure that they carry out their duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and
     regulations, and in the interests of the Company and its shareholders at all times.

     Board Composition

     As at 31 December 2024, the Board comprises seven members, consisting of two executive Directors, two non-
     executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors as set out below:

     Executive Directors
     Ms. JIANG Hua (Chairlady of the Board and Chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. DOU Changlin (Chief Operating Officer and President of R&D)

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. LIU Yuanchong
     Ms. LI Li

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Professor SHI Luwen
     Mr. DAI Jixiong
     Dr. YU Jialin

     The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Management” of this annual report.




58   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board has, at all times, met the requirements under Rules 3.10(1)
and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors and
among which at least one of them possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise. The Company also complied at all times with Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, which relates to
the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules and the Company considers each of them to be independent.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board which contribute to its efficient and effective functioning.
Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

None of the Directors has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationship) with any other Directors.

The CG Code requires directors to disclose to the Company the number and nature of offices that they hold in public
companies or organisations and other significant commitments as well as the identity of those public companies or
organisations and an indication of the time involved. The Directors have agreed to disclose their commitments to the
Company in a timely manner.

Continuous Professional Development

The Company arranges regular seminars to Directors regarding updates on the latest development and changes in
the Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements. The Directors are also provided with regular
updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects so as to enable the Board and each Director to
discharge their duties. The Company has also devised a training record in order to assist the Directors to record the
training they have undertaken and they are requested to provide training records to the Company.

According to C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in continuous professional development so as to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, and thereby ensuring that their contribution to the Board remains to
be informed and relevant. According to the records kept by the Company, each of the Directors, namely, Ms. JIANG
Hua, Dr. DOU Changlin, Mr. LIU Yuanchong, Ms. LI Li, Professor SHI Luwen, Mr. DAI Jixiong and Dr. YU Jialin have,
during the Reporting Period, (a) attended seminars and/or trainings that are relevant to the Directors’ professional
knowledge and skills, and in performing their duties and responsibilities as Directors; and (b) read materials that are
relevant to the Directors’ professional knowledge and skills and in performing their duties and responsibilities as
Directors.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Under C.2.1 of the CG Code, the chairman and the chief executive should be separate and should not be performed
by the same individual.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            59
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Under the current organisation structure of the Company, Ms. JIANG Hua is the Chairlady of the Board and the Chief
     Executive Officer. With extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that Ms. JIANG
     Hua should continue to assume the roles of chairman and chief executive officer as this arrangement will improve the
     efficiency of our decision-making and execution process given her knowledge of the Group’s affairs. The Company
     has put in place an appropriate check-and-balance mechanism through the Board and its independent non-executive
     Directors.

     Appointment and Re-Election of Directors

     Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Director has entered into
     an appointment letter with the Company commencing from 31 May 2024 until the end of the second session of the
     Board, and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment letters.

     None of the Directors has a service agreement which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
     payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

     In accordance with the Articles of Association, Directors (including non-executive Directors) shall be elected at the
     general meeting with a term of three years. A Director may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon the expiry
     of his/her term. A Director shall continue to perform his/her duties in accordance with the laws, administrative
     regulations and Articles of Association until a duly re-elected director takes office, if re-election is not conducted in
     a timely manner upon the expiry of his/her term of office, or if the resignation of directors results in the number of
     directors being less than the quorum. The Articles of Association also provides that each Director appointed to fill a
     casual vacancy or as addition to the Board shall hold office until the first general meeting after his/her appointment.
     The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.

     At the Board meeting held on 27 March 2025, Mr. Wang Shenghan was nominated as a candidate for executive
     Director of the Company, and Mr. Li Shixu was nominated as a candidate for non-executive Director of the Company
     (the “Proposed Appointments”), which shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the AGM to be held on 5
     June 2025. Subject to the approval of the Proposed Appointments, the term of office of each of Mr. Wang Shenghan
     and Mr. Li Shixu will be effective from the date of the AGM until the expiry of the term of the second session of the
     Board. At the expiry of such terms of office, each of their terms is renewable upon reelection.

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of directors are set out in the Articles of
     Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, monitoring the
     appointment, re-election and succession planning of Directors.




60   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD INDEPENDENCE

The Board reviewed and considered that the following key features or mechanisms under the Company’s governance
structure are effective in ensuring that independent views and inputs are provided to the Board.

Board and committees’             •   The Company is steered by a Board comprising a majority of non-executive
 structure                            Directors. The Board comprises two executive Directors, two non-executive
                                      Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.

                                  •   Members of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
                                      Nomination Committee are independent non-executive Directors, save for
                                      Mr. LIU Yuanchong who sits on the Audit Committee as a non-executive
                                      Director.

Independent non-executive         •   The directors’ nomination policy of the Company sets a maximum tenure
  Directors’ tenure                   of nine consecutive years for independent non-executive Directors to be
                                      eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election by Shareholders.

Independent non-executive         •   Independent non-executive Directors receive fixed fee(s) for their role as
  Directors’ remuneration             members of the Board and Board committee(s) as appropriate, and none of
                                      them has participated in share schemes of the Company.

Appointment of independent        •   Independent search firm(s) will be engaged to help identify potential
  non-executive Directors             candidates for appointment of independent non-executives Directors.

                                  •   In assessing suitability of candidates of independent non-executive
                                      Directors, the Nomination Committee will review their profiles, including
                                      their qualification and time commitment, having regard to the Board’s
                                      composition, the candidates’ skill matrix, the list of selection criteria
                                      approved by the Board, its nomination policy and the board diversity policy.

Annual review of independent      •   The Board assessed the annual independence confirmation received from
  non-executive Directors’            each independent non-executive Director, having regard to the criteria under
  independence                        Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

Conflict management               •   The Articles of Association and internal guidelines of the Company provide
                                      guidance to the Directors on avoiding conflicts of interest and on the
                                      circumstances under which appropriate action(s) that shall be taken by the
                                      director in case of a conflict.

Professional advice               •   To facilitate proper discharge of their duties, all Directors are entitled to seek
                                      advice from the Company secretary or the in-house legal team as well as
                                      from independent professional advisers at the Company’s expense.

Board evaluation                  •   The quality and efficiency of discussions at Board meetings are assessed
                                      during the annual evaluation of the Board’s performance.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               61
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Board Meetings

     The Company has adopted the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at
     approximately quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than 14 days will be given for all regular board meetings to
     provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and propose matters to be included in the agenda for the board
     meeting.

     For other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice will generally be given. The agenda and accompanying
     board papers are dispatched to the Directors or committee members at least three days before the meetings to
     ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately prepared for the meetings. When
     directors or committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be informed on the matters to be discussed
     and given an opportunity to make their views known to the Chairlady of the Board prior to the meeting.

     Minutes of the Board meetings and committee meetings will be recorded in sufficient detail the matters considered
     by the Board and the committees, and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors.
     Draft minutes of each Board meeting and committee meeting will be sent to the Directors for comments within a
     reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, four Board meetings, and one AGM were held and the attendance of
     each individual Director at these meetings is set out in the table below:

                                                                    Attended/Eligible to         Attended/Eligible to
      Name of Director                                            attend Board meeting                  attend AGM


      Ms. JIANG Hua                                                                    4/4                          1/1
      Dr. DOU Changlin                                                                 4/4                          1/1
      Mr. LIU Yuanchong                                                                4/4                          1/1
      Ms. LI Li                                                                        4/4                          1/1
      Professor SHI Luwen                                                              4/4                          1/1
      Mr. DAI Jixiong                                                                  4/4                          1/1
      Dr. YU Jialin                                                                    4/4                          1/1


     Model Code for Securities Transactions

     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms meeting the
     required standards as set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and Supervisors
     and the Directors and Supervisors have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code throughout the year
     ended 31 December 2024.

     The Company has also adopted its own code of conduct regarding employees’ securities transactions on terms
     meeting the required standard as set out in the Model Code. This ensures compliance by relevant employees who
     are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company in respect of their dealings in the
     Company’s securities.




62   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Delegation by the Board

The Board reserves the power to decide on all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of
all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions
(in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other
significant financial and operational matters. Directors can seek independent professional advice in performing
their duties at the Company’s expense and are encouraged to consult with the Company’s senior management
independently.

The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management. The
delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from the
Board before the management arranges for any significant transactions to be entered into.

Corporate Governance Function

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors which include:

(a) to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

(b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management
    of the Company;

(c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
    requirements;

(d) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
    directors; and

(e) to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

The Company has established a formal and transparent procedure for formulating policies on remuneration of
Directors and senior management of the Group. Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the year
ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

The biographies of the senior management are disclosed in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” in this annual report. Remuneration paid to the top senior management (excluding the Directors) for the
year ended 31 December 2024 fell within the following bands:

 Remuneration Band                                                                               No. of employees


 RMB1,000,001 to RMB1,500,000                                                                                        1
 RMB3,000,000 to RMB3,500,000                                                                                        1




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            63
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Directors’ Liability Insurance

     The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance coverage in respect of legal actions against its Directors.

     BOARD COMMITTEES

     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee currently comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Professor SHI
     Luwen (chairperson), and Dr. YU Jialin, and one non-executive Director, Ms. LI Li.

     The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, making recommendation
     to the Board on the appointment and succession planning of Directors, and assessing the independence of the
     independent non-executive Directors. The Nomination Committee has adopted certain criteria and procedure in the
     nomination of new Directors. The Nomination Committee will assess the candidate or incumbent on criteria such
     as integrity, experience, skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The
     recommendations of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

     In assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate before recommending to the Board for it to consider and make
     recommendations to the Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings or appoint as Directors to fill
     casual vacancies, the Nomination Committee will consider factors including, without limitation, character and integrity
     of the proposed candidates, qualifications of the proposed candidates including professional qualifications, skills,
     knowledge and experience, accomplishments and experience of the proposed candidates in the business from
     time to time, commitment of the proposed candidates in respect of available time and relevant interest, diversity and
     balance of the Board and such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.

     The written terms of reference of Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
     Company.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held and the attendance
     record of the Nomination Committee members is set out in the table below:

                                                                                                               Attended/
      Directors                                                                                        Eligible to attend


      Professor SHI Luwen                                                                                              1/1
      Dr. YU Jialin                                                                                                    1/1
      Ms. LI Li                                                                                                        1/1


     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Nomination Committee has reviewed the Board composition and
     made recommendation to the Board on the re-election of retiring Directors, the Board Diversity Policy, Nomination
     Policy and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors.

     Nomination Policy

     The director nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) adopted by the Board aims to enhance transparency and
     accountability of the nomination process of Directors and enable the Company to ensure the Board has a balance of
     skills, experience, and diversity of perspectives necessary to the Company’s business.



64   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The selection criteria for assessing the suitability of proposed candidates which shall be taken as reference by the
Nomination Committee includes: character and integrity, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience
that are relevant to the Company’s business and strategy, the potential contribution to the Board from the diversity
aspects (including but not limited to age, gender, international background, and professional experience), the
candidate’s time commitment to the Company, the candidate’s service on other boards of directors of the Group or
of other companies (whether listed or non-listed) and any other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem fit to
consider in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. These above selection criteria are not exhaustive
or conclusive. The Nomination Committee would consider any other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem
fit to consider in the best interests of the Company and shareholders of the Company.

For potential candidates who appear to meet the Board’s selection criteria, the Nomination Committee shall convene
a meeting to discuss and consider recommending the candidate to the Board for appointment as a Director upon
obtaining the required information from the candidate. The Nomination Committee shall review whether the candidate is
qualified to be appointed, elected or re-elected into the Board under the relevant Listing Rules and the policies of the
Company.

The Board and the Nomination Committee intend to review the Nomination Policy at least annually and anticipate that
modifications may be necessary from time to time given the Company’s evolving needs, changing circumstances
which may include legal and regulatory changes in the Listing Rules or laws of Hong Kong, the People’s Republic of
China, and other relevant jurisdictions.

Board Diversity Policy

The Company views diversity at the Board level as essential in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives
and its sustainable development. To that end, the Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy to set out the
approach to achieve diversity on the Board. In designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been
considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. Ultimately, all Board appointments are
merit-based, and candidates are assessed based on objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity
on the Board.

To duly implement the Board Diversity Policy, the measurable objective of at least 2 female Board members has
been adopted. As at the date of this report, the Board comprises five male Directors and two female Directors; in
the opinion of the Directors, this composition has achieved the above objective on gender diversity of the Board.
To ensure gender diversity of the Board in the long run, the Group will seek to identify and select several female
individuals with a diverse range of skills, experience and knowledge in the field of the Group’s business from time to
time, and maintain a list of such female individuals who possess qualities to become the Board members in order to
develop a pipeline of potential female successors to the Board to promote gender diversity of the Board.

The workforce of the Group (including its senior management) comprised approximately 36.1% male employees and
63.9% female employees as at 31 December 2024. The Company aims to achieve a men-to-women ratio of 45:55
by the end of 2025. Due to the nature of work in the pharmaceutical industry, the Group mainly considers factors
such as the candidates’ ability and experience, rather than their gender, in recruiting employees.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             65
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Remuneration Committee

     The Remuneration Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. YU Jialin (chairperson),
     and Mr. DAI Jixiong, and one non-executive Director, Ms. LI Li.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

     –     to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for all directors,
           supervisors and senior management and on the establishment of formal and transparent procedures for
           formulating the remuneration policy;

     –     to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the corporate goals and
           objectives set by the Board (including benefits in kind, pensions and payment of compensation (including the
           compensation for losing or terminating the office or appointment));

     –     to determine the specific terms of the remuneration package for each executive director and senior management;

     –     to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors and supervisors; and

     –     to ensure that no director or any of his or her associates is involved in determining his or her own remuneration.

     The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange
     and the Company.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held and the
     attendance record of the Remuneration Committee members is set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                  Attended/
         Directors                                                                                        Eligible to attend


         Dr. YU Jialin                                                                                                   1/1
         Mr. DAI Jixiong                                                                                                 1/1
         Ms. LI Li                                                                                                       1/1


     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Remuneration Committee assessed the performance of the Directors
     and reviewed the Company’s policy and structure for all directors’ and senior management remuneration.

     Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. DAI Jixiong (chairperson), and
     Dr. YU Jialin, and one non-executive Director, Mr. LIU Yuanchong. The main duties of the Audit Committee include
     the following:

     –     to review the financial statements and reports before submission to the Board;

     –     to review and monitor the independence of the external auditor, the objectivity and effectiveness of the audit
           process in accordance with applicable standard, and discuss with external auditor the nature and scope of the
           audit and reporting obligations before the audit commences;



66   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




–     to review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal control system
      and risk management system and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff
      qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial
      reporting function; and

–     to oversee the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, report to the Board on any material
      issue, and make recommendations to the Board.

The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, two meeting of the Audit Committee was held and the attendance record
of the Audit Committee members is set out in the table below:

                                                                                                            Attended/
    Directors                                                                                       Eligible to attend


    Mr. DAI Jixiong                                                                                                2/2
    Dr. YU Jialin                                                                                                  2/2
    Mr. LIU Yuanchong                                                                                              2/2


During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Audit Committee had reviewed the annual results of the Group
for the year ended 31 December 2023, interim results of the Group for the period ended 30 June 2024, the risk
management systems and processes for the re-appointment of the external auditor.

There are proper arrangements for employees to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting,
internal control and other matters, in confidence.

Strategy Committee

The Strategy Committee comprises two executive Directors, namely Ms. JIANG Hua (chairlady), and Dr. DOU
Changlin, and one independent non-executive Director, Professor SHI Luwen. The main responsibility of the Strategy
Committee is to conduct research on the Company’s long-term development strategies and significant investment
decisions, and make recommendations to the Board of the Company, including the following:

•     to study and make recommendations on the Company’s long-term strategic development plan;

•     to tackle other matters related to strategic investment as required by the laws, regulations, regulatory documents,
      the Listing Rules, Articles of Association and other internal management systems of the Company or authorized
      by the Board;

•     to study and make recommendations on other significant events that affect the Company’s development;

•     to inspect the implementation of the above matters approved by the Board or the general meeting; and

•     to study and make recommendations on significant investments, financing, significant capital operations, and
      asset operating projects subject to the approval by the Board or the general meeting as required by the Articles
      of Association or other internal management systems of the Company.



ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             67
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The written terms of reference of the Strategy Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and
     the Company.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, one meeting of the Strategy Committee was held.

     ESG Committee

     The ESG Committee comprises two executive Directors, namely Ms. JIANG Hua (chairlady), and Dr. DOU Changlin,
     and one non-executive Director, Ms. LI Li. The main responsibility of the ESG Committee is to identify and manage
     environmental, social and governance-related risks and opportunities, and to address and implement relevant
     governance strategies and initiatives. The ESG Committee has the following primary duties:

     •   to co-ordinate, identify, assess and manage the ESG matters of the Group and report to the Board on any
         significant issues;

     •   to develop and review the approach and strategy of the Group’s ESG policies, and closely monitor the
         implementation and effectiveness of ESG policies and initiatives;

     •   to set ESG-related objectives according to the actual situation of the Group and to regularly review the progress
         and performance of the Group against these objectives;

     •   to assist the Board in reviewing the annual ESG Report, and coordinate the preparation of the ESG Report;

     •   to keep abreast of regulatory requirements and to oversee the Group’s compliance with relevant laws and
         regulations; and

     •   to co-ordinate any other ESG-related work as may be assigned by the Board.

     The written terms of reference of the ESG Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
     Company.

     The ESG Committee was established on 27 March 2023. One meeting of the ESG Committee was held during the
     Reporting Period.

     Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Reporting in respect of Financial Statements

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
     2024 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group’s results and cash
     flows.

     The management has provided the Board with necessary explanation and information in enabling the Board to
     conduct an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval.

     The Company provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on the Company’s performance, positions
     and prospects.

     The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
     doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.



68   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The statement by the auditor of the Company regarding their responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements
of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 74 to 78 of this annual report.

Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal control system
to safeguard Shareholders’ investments and the Company’s assets. The effectiveness of such system is examined
on an annual basis. The Board also clarifies that the system is purported to manage, but not eliminate, the risk of
failure to fulfil business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.

The Group has established an internal audit department to review the financial condition, operational condition,
risk management, compliance control and internal control of the Group. Management is responsible for performing
risk assessment, and owning the implementation and maintenance of internal control. Well defined policies and
procedures that are properly documented and communicated to employees are essential to the risk management
and internal control systems.

At least annually, the Board, through the Audit Committee, review the effectiveness of the risk management and
the internal control systems of the Company including the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of
staff on the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget, and
considered the internal control system to be effective and adequate. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the
Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control system of the Company including the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the
Company’s accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget and considered
the risk management and the internal control systems to be effective and adequate.

The Group’s risk management and internal control system is embedded within our business processes so that
it functions as an integral part of the overall operation of the Group. The system comprises a comprehensive
organisation structure with assignment of definite accountabilities and delegation of corresponding authorities to each
post. Based on our organization structure, a reporting system has been developed including reporting channels from
division heads of business units to the Board.

The risk management and internal control systems and accounting system of the Group are aimed at identifying
and evaluating the Group’s risk and formulate risk mitigation strategies, and to provide reasonable assurance that
assets are safeguarded against unauthorised use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance with
management’s authorisation, and the accounting records are reliable for preparing financial information used within
the business for publication, maintaining accountability for assets and liabilities, and ensuring that the business
operations are in accordance with relevant legislation, regulations and internal guidelines.

The Group has a defined organisational structure with clear defined lines of responsibility and authority. Each
department is accountable for its daily operations and is required to report to executive Directors on a regular basis.
Policies and procedures are set for each department, which includes establishing and maintaining effective policies
to enhance risks identification to which the Group are exposed and taking appropriate action to manage such risks,
establishing a structure with defined authorities and proper segregation of duties; monitoring the strategic plan and
performance; designing an effective accounting and information system; controlling price sensitive information, and
ensuring swift actions and timely communication with our stakeholders.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            69
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Whistle-blowing Policy

     The Company has in place the Whistle-blowing Policy for employees of the Company and those who deal with the
     Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, about possible improprieties in any matters related to the
     Company.

     Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery Policy

     The Company also has in place the Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery Policy to safeguard against fraud and bribery within
     the Company. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of the
     Company to report any suspected fraud and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports set out in the
     Whistle-blowing Policy.

     DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

     With respect to the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the
     Group has internal policy and procedures which strictly prohibit unauthorised use of inside information and has
     communicated to all staff; the Board is aware of its obligations to announce any inside information in accordance with
     the Listing Rules and conducts the affairs with reference to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued
     by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012. In addition, only Directors and delegated officers can act as
     the Group’s spokesperson and respond to external enquiries about the Group’s affairs.

     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the remuneration paid or payable to the external auditor of the Company,
     Ernst & Young, for audit services and non-audit services were RMB3.0 million and nil, respectively.

     The Audit Committee and the Board have agreed on the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the independent auditor
     of the Group for 2025 and the proposal will be submitted for approval at the AGM to be held on 5 June 2025.

     COMPANY SECRETARY

     Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (“Ms. LAI”) has been appointed as the company secretary of the Company since 10 March 2022. Ms.
     LAI is a director of the Corporate Services Division of Tricor Services Limited, and she is communicating closely with
     Ms. JIANG Hua, our Chairlady of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, Ms. LAI undertook not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
     in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




70   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
and their understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company also recognises the
importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable Shareholders and investors to
make the informed investment decisions.

The AGM of the Company provides opportunity for Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The
Chairlady of the Board, the chairperson of each Board committee of the Company will attend the AGMs to answer
shareholders’ questions. The external auditor of the Company will also attend the AGMs to answer questions
about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and the
independence of auditor.

To promote effective communication, the Company adopts a shareholders’ communication policy which aims to
establish a two-way relationship and communication between the Company and its shareholders. The Company
maintains a website at www.boan-bio.com, where up-to-date information on the Company’s business operations
and developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and other information are available for
public access. The Board has reviewed the implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy and considers
its implementation as effective. Investors may write directly to the Company or via email to BAIR@boan-bio.com for
any inquiries. Having considered the multiple channels of communication in place, the Board is satisfied that the
shareholders’ communication policy conducted during the year has been properly implemented and is effective.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at shareholder
meetings, including the election of individual directors. All resolutions put forward at shareholder meetings will be
voted on by poll in accordance with the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company
and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each shareholder meeting.

CONVENING AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

Pursuant to Article 55 of the Articles of Association, if Shareholders request the convening of an extraordinary general
meeting, the following procedures shall be carried out:

(i)    any shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company is/are entitled to
       request in writing the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting. The Board shall, in accordance with
       the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association, furnish a written reply to such shareholder(s)
       stating its agreement or disagreement to the convening of the extraordinary general meeting within 10 days after
       receipt of such requisition.

(ii)   in the event that the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, a notice for convening such
       meeting shall be given within 5 days after the relevant Board resolution is passed and consent of the relevant
       shareholder(s) shall be obtained in case of any changes to the original proposal in the notice.

(iii) in the event that the Board disagrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or does not furnish any reply
      within 10 days after having received such requisition, any shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding 10% or
      more of the shares of the Company is/are entitled to propose in writing to the Board of Supervisors to convene
      an extraordinary general meeting.



ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             71
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     (iv) in the event that the Board of Supervisors agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, a notice for
          convening such meeting shall be given within 5 days after receipt of such requisition and consent of the relevant
          shareholder(s) shall be obtained in case of any changes to the original proposal in the notice.

     (v) in the event that the Board of Supervisors fails to serve any notice of a general meeting within the prescribed
         period, the Board of Supervisors is deemed not to convene and preside over the meeting, in which case
         the shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company for more than 90
         consecutive days may convene and preside over the meeting on its/their own.

     Where the Shareholders convene and preside over a meeting by themselves as the Board fails to convene the
     meeting pursuant to the aforesaid request, the reasonable expenses incurred therefrom shall be borne by the
     Company and deducted from the amounts due from the Company to the defaulting Directors.

     PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

     Pursuant to Article 60 of the Articles of Association, where the Company convenes a general meeting, the Board, the
     Board of Supervisors and shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than 3% of the shares of the Company
     shall have the right to put forward proposals to the Company.

     Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than 3% of the shares of the Company may submit written
     provisional proposals to the convener 10 days before a general meeting. The convener shall serve a supplemental
     notice of the general meeting within 2 days after receipt of the provisional proposals and notify the contents of the
     said provisional proposals.

     Save as specified above, the convener shall not change the proposals set out in the notice of the general meeting or
     add any new proposal after the said notice is served.

     Proposals not set out in the notice of the general meeting or not complying with the Articles of Association shall not
     be voted on or resolved at the general meeting.

     DIVIDEND POLICY

     It is the policy of the Board, in considering payment of dividends, to allow Shareholders to share the Company’s
     profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for the Group’s future growth.

     The Board shall consider the following factors before declaring or recommending dividends:

     •   the Company’s earnings and financial position;

     •   the Group’s working capital, operating and capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

     •   the Group’s liquidity position;

     •   general economic condition, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or external factors that
         may affect the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

     •   other factors that the Board considers relevant.




72   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The payment of dividends is also subject to applicable laws and regulations including the laws and regulations of the
PRC and the Articles of Association. The Board will continually review the dividend policy from time to time and there is
no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

Enquiries to the Board and Proposals for General Meetings

Written enquiries to the Board and proposals for general meetings may be made at the Company’s principal place of
business in Hong Kong at 5/F, Manulife Place, 348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong for the attention to the
Chairlady of the Board. Other enquiries may be made by telephone at (86) 0535-4379111.

CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 7 August 2024, the Company completed the placing
of 26,655,600 new Shares on the same day. Accordingly, it was proposed that the Articles of Association be
amended to reflect the corresponding changes to the capital structure and registered capital of the Company (the
“Amendments”). Details of such Amendments are set out in the announcement dated 23 August 2024. The general
mandate obtained at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 31 May 2024 provided authority to the
Board for the proposed Amendments as a result of the placing and the proposed Amendments did not have to be
further considered and approved by the shareholders at a general meeting of the Company. The updated Articles of
Association took effect on 28 August 2024.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             73
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                                         Ernst & Young                   ‫ࡋ؍‬㫵嬴㍳з⥽۱                      Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                                         27/F, One Taikoo Place          ௚࢔每欧ࢅਸ਼छଳ垹               Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                                         979 King’s Road
                                                                         ‫ן‬Վⵐ▲‫ڇ‬㶣                    ey.com
                                         Quarry Bay, Hong Kong


     To the shareholders of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
     (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

     OPINION

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 79 to 156, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
     position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
     the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
     ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
     for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
     Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
     Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
     the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
     the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
     provided in that context.

     We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
     financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
     the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
     the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
     to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
     statements.




74   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Capitalisation of development costs

 During the year, expenditure of RMB321,328,000                We evaluated management’s judgement on the
 incurred on projects to develop new pharmaceutical            distinction between the research and development
 products was capitalised in intangible assets in the          phase and the satisfaction of capitalisation criteria
 consolidated financial statements. The expenditure on         through comparison to industry practice and the
 development activities is capitalised when all the criteria   Group’s policy. We obtained an understanding of
 mentioned in note 2.4 Material accounting policies            the Group’s internal approval process regarding the
 were satisfied. Significant management estimation and         capitalisation of development costs by conducting
 judgement were required in determining whether the            interviews with key management members in charge
 capitalised costs met the capitalisation criteria.            of research, development and commercialisation of
                                                               various projects. We also examined technical feasibility
 The Group’s disclosures about the capitalisation of           reports and certifications related to different stages of
 development costs are included in note 2.4 Material           development activities and reviewed the expenditure
 accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting            documents relevant to separately accounted
 judgements and estimates and note 15 Intangible               development costs.
 assets, which specifically explain the accounting policies
 and management’s assumptions and accounting
 estimates.


 Impairment testing of intangible assets not yet available for use

 As at 31 December 2024, intangible assets not yet             We reviewed the key assumptions including the
 available for use amounted to RMB670,695,000.                 product’s projected market share, expected selling
 The Group performs its impairment test for intangible         price and associated costs to be incurred by comparing
 assets not yet available for use on an annual basis. The      them against industry analyst commentaries, consensus
 impairment reviews performed by the Group contained           forecasts of certain therapeutic areas and benchmark
 significant judgement and estimates on assumptions            data for comparable companies where available. We
 including growth rate, profit margin and discount rate.       involved our internal valuation specialists to assist us in
                                                               evaluating the methodologies used in the impairment
 The Group’s disclosures on intangible assets not yet          analysis, particularly the discount rate and growth rate.
 available for use are included in note 2.4 Material
 accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting
 judgements and estimates and note 15 Intangible
 assets, which specifically explain the accounting policies
 and management’s assumptions and accounting
 estimates.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             75
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     Management Discussion and Analysis of the Annual Report (but does not include the consolidated financial
     statements and our auditor’s report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the
     Chairlady’s Statement, the Report of Directors and the Corporate Governance Report, which are expected to be
     made available to us after that date.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
     inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears
     to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior
     to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     When we read the Chairlady’s Statement, the Report of Directors and the Corporate Governance Report, if we
     conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Audit
     Committee.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
     give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
     requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
     necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
     whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
     the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
     cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
     the Group’s financial reporting process.




76   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
    omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
    Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
    related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
    the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
    significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
    exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
    financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
    on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
    cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
    disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
    in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
    information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated
    financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for
    purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              77
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Hooi Wan Yee.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     27 March 2025




78   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                              2024           2023
                                                              Notes        RMB’000        RMB’000


REVENUE                                                        5             726,316        618,129
Cost of sales                                                               (183,663)      (209,161)


Gross profit                                                                542,653        408,968

Other income and gains                                         5              45,088          27,654
Research and development costs                                              (149,274)      (230,682)
Administrative expenses                                                      (46,460)        (51,687)
Selling and distribution expenses                                           (285,844)      (256,533)
Other expenses                                                                  (323)          (3,010)
Finance costs                                                  7             (32,651)        (14,087)


PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                                       6             73,189        (119,377)

Income tax expense                                             10                  –                –


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                   73,189        (119,377)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                       73,189        (119,377)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                      (45)           228


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                                        (45)           228


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                      73,144        (119,149)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                       73,144        (119,149)


EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

Basic and diluted (RMB)                                        12               0.14           (0.23)




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                            SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.     79
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     31 December 2024




                                                                  31 December    31 December
                                                                         2024           2023
                                                          Notes       RMB’000        RMB’000


     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                         13          594,765        615,417
     Advance payments for property, plant and equipment                 47,224         32,765
     Right-of-use assets                                  14(a)         10,035         11,693
     Intangible assets                                     15        1,242,984        950,504


     Total non-current assets                                        1,895,008      1,610,379


     CURRENT ASSETS
     Inventories                                           16         168,251         165,291
     Trade and notes receivables                           17         453,604         276,195
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets       18         128,520          57,381
     Pledged deposits                                      19           7,038          12,290
     Cash and cash equivalents                             19         198,867         201,850


     Total current assets                                             956,280         713,007


     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Lease liabilities                                    14(b)         1,787           3,567
     Trade and notes payables                              20         213,594         217,572
     Other payables and accruals                           21         168,096         239,464
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings            22         254,047         167,839
     Due to related parties                               31(c)        11,157          24,907


     Total current liabilities                                        648,681         653,349


     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                               307,599          59,658


     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           2,202,607      1,670,037




80   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
31 December 2024




                                                                 31 December     31 December
                                                                        2024            2023
                                                       Notes         RMB’000         RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                       14(b)           4,807          6,175
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings               22           424,898        228,324
Government grants                                        23             5,342          3,000
Other non-current liabilities                            24           123,522        112,670


Total non-current liabilities                                         558,569        350,169


Net assets                                                           1,644,038      1,319,868


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                            26            535,934       509,278
Reserves                                                 27          1,108,104       810,590


Total equity                                                         1,644,038      1,319,868




Ms. Jiang Hua                                 Mr. Dou Changlin
Director                                      Director




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                            Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                              Safety       Exchange
                                                     Share        Share        Other     production       fluctuation Accumulated        Total
                                                    capital   premium*     reserves*        reserve*          reserve*    losses*       equity
                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                  (note 26)    (note 27)    (note 27)      (note 27)         (note 27)


     At 1 January 2024                             509,278    1,329,450     104,549            5,893           1,803      (631,105)   1,319,868
     Profit for the year                                 –            –           –                –               –        73,189       73,189
     Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                             –            –            –               –               (45)          –          (45)


     Total comprehensive income for the year             –            –            –               –               (45)    73,189       73,144
     Issue of shares (note 26)                      26,656      202,871            –               –                 –          –      229,527
     Appropriation to safety production reserve          –            –            –           1,962                 –     (1,962)           –
     Safety production reserve used                      –            –            –            (620)                –        620            –
     Share-based payment arrangements
       (note 28)                                         –            –       21,499               –                 –           –      21,499


     At 31 December 2024                           535,934    1,532,321     126,048            7,235           1,758      (559,258)   1,644,038




82   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                        Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                           Safety         Exchange
                                                Share        Share        Other       production         fluctuation   Accumulated        Total
                                               capital   premium*     reserves*          reserve*           reserve*       losses*       equity
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                             (note 26)    (note 27)    (note 27)        (note 27)          (note 27)


At 1 January 2023                             509,278    1,329,450      83,909             5,227               1,575      (511,062)    1,418,377
Loss for the year                                   –            –           –                 –                   –      (119,377)     (119,377)
Exchange differences on translation
  of foreign operations                             –            –            –                 –               228               –         228


Total comprehensive income for the year             –            –            –                –                228       (119,377)     (119,149)
Appropriation to safety production reserve          –            –            –            1,783                  –          (1,783)           –
Safety production reserve used                      –            –            –           (1,117)                 –           1,117            –
Share-based payment arrangements
  (note 28)                                         –            –      20,640                  –                  –              –      20,640


At 31 December 2023                           509,278    1,329,450     104,549             5,893               1,803      (631,105)    1,319,868

*     These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB1,108,104,000 (2023: RMB810,590,000) in the consolidated
      statement of financial position.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                       83
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                       Notes   RMB’000        RMB’000


     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit/(loss) before tax                                                   73,189        (119,377)
     Adjustments for:
       Finance costs                                                    7       32,651          14,087
       Bank interest income                                                          –           (1,159)
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            42,834          51,454
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       1,754            5,861
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                        28,317          25,451
       Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of trade receivables, net    17       2,168               (26)
       Impairment of other receivables, net                             18         509                 –
       Share-based payment expense                                      28      21,499          20,640
       Foreign exchange differences, net                                           (48)           2,831


                                                                                202,873            (238)
     Increase in inventories                                                     (2,960)       (21,657)
     Increase in trade and notes receivables                                   (179,577)       (60,208)
     Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                (71,648)         (9,270)
     Decrease/(increase) in pledged deposits                                      5,252          (5,130)
     (Decrease)/increase in trade and notes payables                             (3,978)        57,369
     (Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                         (65,052)          7,014
     Increase in government grants                                                2,342           3,000
     (Decrease)/increase in amounts due to related parties                      (15,188)          8,215
     Increase in other non-current liabilities                                   10,000           2,337


     Cash used in operations                                                   (117,936)       (18,568)


     Net cash flows used in operating activities                               (117,936)       (18,568)




84   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                   Note        RMB’000        RMB’000


Net cash flows used in operating activities                                     (117,936)       (18,568)


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                              (66,598)        (67,324)
Increase in intangible assets                                                   (296,306)      (227,434)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                      11               –
Bank interest received                                                                 –           1,187


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                     (362,893)      (293,571)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank and other borrowings                                                    421,922       132,845
Repayment of bank loans                                                         (143,813)       (30,000)
Withdrawal of pledged deposits                                                         –       200,000
Advances from a related party                                                      1,438           1,374
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                    229,527               –
Principal portion of lease payments                                               (3,264)         (7,025)
Interest paid                                                                    (27,978)       (14,108)


Net cash flows from financing activities                                        477,832        283,086


NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                        (2,997)        (29,053)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                  201,850        233,498
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                         14           (2,595)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                        198,867        201,850


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
  CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                             19           205,905        164,140
Time deposits                                                      19                 –         50,000


                                                                                205,905        214,140
Less:
Pledged deposits for notes payable                                 19             (7,038)       (12,290)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
  consolidated statement of financial position and
  the consolidated statement of cash flows                                      198,867        201,850




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    85
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2024




     1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

         The Company is a joint stock company with limited liability established in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).
         The registered office of the Company is located at No. 39 Keji Avenue, High-Tech Industrial Development Zone,
         Yantai, Shandong Province, China.

         During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries were principally engaged in the development, manufacture
         and commercialisation of high quality biologics in Mainland China and worldwide.

         In the opinion of the directors, the immediate holding company and the ultimate holding company of the
         Company are Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Luye”), which is established in the PRC, and
         Luye Pharma Group Ltd., which is incorporated in Bermuda, respectively.

         Information about subsidiaries

         Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                  Place of           Nominal value
                                            incorporation/               of issued
                                               registration              ordinary/                Percentage
                                              and place of              registered           of equity attributable    Principal
             Name                               operations            share capital             to the Company         activities
                                                                                                 Direct     Indirect


             Nanjing Boan                             PRC/            RMB2,000,000                100             –    Early-stage research
              Biotechnology                  Mainland China                                                             and development in
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 new anti antibody
              (“Boan Nanjing”)*                                                                                         drugs

             Boan Singapore                        Singapore         US$10,780,001                100             –    Overseas market
              Innovation Center                                                                                         development
              Pte. Ltd.

             Boan Boston LLC                United States of                     US$1                –          100    Early-stage research
                                            America (“USA”)                                                             and development in
                                                                                                                        new antibody drugs

             Shenzhen Bonuo                           PRC/            RMB1,000,000                100             –    Research and
              Biotechnology                  Mainland China                                                             development and
              Co., Ltd. *                                                                                               manufacture of
                                                                                                                        pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                        products

         *     These entities are limited liability enterprises established under PRC law.




86   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

    These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by
    the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
    Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets
    at fair value through other comprehensive income. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”)
    and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

    Basis of consolidation

    The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
    (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024. A subsidiary is an entity (including
    a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
    exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those
    returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the
    relevant activities of the investee).

    Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has
    less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
    circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

    (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

    (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

    (c) the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

    The financial information of the subsidiaries is prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
    consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
    obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

    Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent
    of the Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having
    a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
    transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

    The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
    changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of
    a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

    If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any
    non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
    retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
    recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or accumulated losses, as appropriate,
    on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               87
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2024




     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

         The Group has adopted the following revised IFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current year’s
         financial statements.

         Amendments to IFRS 16                  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
         Amendments to IAS 1                    Classification of Liabilities as
                                                  Current or Non-current (the “2020 Amendments”)
         Amendments to IAS 1                    Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
         Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7         Supplier Finance Arrangements

         The nature and the impact of the revised IFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

         (a) Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
             arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the
             gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions
             with variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date of initial
             application of IFRS 16, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of
             the Group.

         (b) The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including
             what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting
             period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer
             settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that
             only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the
             terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants
             of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the
             reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are
             required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
             months after the reporting period.

             The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 2024 and
             concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current remained unchanged upon initial
             application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial
             position or performance of the Group.

         (c) Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require
             additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended
             to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an
             entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. As the Group does not have supplier finance
             arrangements, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




88   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

    The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued
    but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and revised IFRS
    Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.

    IFRS 18                                   Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
    IFRS 19                                   Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures3
    Amendments to                             Amendments to the Classification and
      IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                         Measurement of Financial Instruments2
    Amendments to                             Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
      IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
    Amendments to                             Sale or Contribution of
      IFRS 10 and IAS 28                        Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture4
    Amendments to IAS 21                      Lack of Exchangeability1
    Annual Improvements to                    Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 72
      IFRS Accounting
      Standards – Volume 11

    1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
    2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
    3
        Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
    4
        No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


    Further information about those IFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
    described below.

    IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought
    forward from IAS 1 with limited changes, IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
    statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities
    are required to classify all income and expenses within the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
    income into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued
    operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-defined
    performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation
    and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some
    requirements previously included in IAS 1 are moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
    Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as IAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a consequence
    of the issuance of IFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to IAS 7 Statement of
    Cash Flows, IAS 33 Earnings per Share and IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor
    consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting Standards. IFRS 18 and the consequential amendments
    to other IFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with
    earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new
    requirements and assessing the impact of IFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial
    statements.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   89
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2024




     2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

         IFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the
         recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other IFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible,
         at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial
         Statements, cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares
         consolidated financial statements available for public use which comply with IFRS Accounting Standards. Earlier
         application is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply IFRS 19. Some of
         the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the application of IFRS 19 in their specified financial statements.

         Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
         clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an accounting
         policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system before the
         settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow
         characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent features.
         Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features
         and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in
         equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with
         contingent features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained
         profits (or other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated
         and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the
         same time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments
         are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application
         of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged
         item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional
         disclosures that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an
         entity’s financial performance and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall
         be applied retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without the
         use of hindsight. The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new
         hedging relationships designated on or after the date of initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The
         amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have
         any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and in IAS
         28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The
         amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or
         contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business,
         a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the
         unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively.
         The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 was removed by the IASB.
         However, the amendments are available for adoption now.




90   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

    Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
    currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
    The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the
    impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments,
    an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments
    shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount
    of translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of
    initial application. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
    statements.

    Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7 (and
    the accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7), IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7. Details of the amendments
    that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:

    •   IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph B38
        of IFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing IFRS 7 for the purpose of
        simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and
        terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing
        IFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of IFRS 7 nor does it
        create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have
        any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

    •   IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease liability
        has been extinguished in accordance with IFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of IFRS 9
        and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. In addition, the amendments have updated certain
        wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of IFRS 9 and Appendix A of IFRS 9 to remove potential confusion. Earlier
        application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s
        financial statements.

    •   IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship described
        in paragraph B74 of IFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the
        investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with
        the requirement in paragraph B73 of IFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
        expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

    •   IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in
        paragraph 37 of IAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application is
        permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            91
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2024




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         Fair value measurement

         The Group measures certain notes receivable at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is
         the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
         market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
         the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or
         liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The
         principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a
         liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
         assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

         A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
         economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
         would use the asset in its highest and best use.

         The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
         are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
         unobservable inputs.

         All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
         within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
         value measurement as a whole:

         Level 1   –    based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

         Level 2   –    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                        measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

         Level 3   –    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                        measurement is unobservable

         For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
         determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based
         on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting
         period.




92   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Impairment of non-financial assets

    Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
    inventories and deferred tax assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount
    is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is
    determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent
    of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
    generating unit to which the asset belongs.

    In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a
    headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and
    consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

    An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
    assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
    discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
    asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories
    consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

    An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
    recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
    recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
    reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset,
    but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/
    amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an
    impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             93
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2024




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Related parties

         A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

         (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

              (i)    has control or joint control over the Group;

              (ii)   has significant influence over the Group; or

              (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

         or

         (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

              (i)    the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

              (ii)   one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary
                     of the other entity);

              (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

              (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

              (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                  related to the Group;

              (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

              (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                    personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

              (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services
                     to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




94   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

    Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
    depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its
    purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for
    its intended use.

    Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs
    and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the
    recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of
    the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced
    at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
    accordingly.

    Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
    equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of property, plant and
    equipment are as follows:

    Buildings                                                                                           20 to 40 years
    Machinery and equipment                                                                              5 to 10 years
    Office equipment                                                                                      3 to 5 years

    Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
    allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful
    lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

    An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
    disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal
    or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net
    sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

    Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to
    the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             95
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2024




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Intangible assets

         Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
         acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets
         are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the
         useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may
         be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life
         are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

         Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-
         generating unit level, irrespective of whether there is any indication that they may be impaired. Such intangible
         assets are not amortised.

         Technology know-how

         Purchased technology know-how is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-
         line basis over its estimated useful life of 10 years, which is determined by the expected usage period after
         considering the technical obsolescence and estimates of useful lives of similar assets.

         Software

         Purchased software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over
         its estimated useful life of 9 to 10 years, which is determined by the expected usage period after considering the
         technical obsolescence and estimates of useful lives of similar assets.

         Research and development costs

         All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

         The expenditures on an internal research and development project are classified into expenditures in the
         research phase and expenditures in the development phase based on their nature and whether there is material
         uncertainty that the research and development activities can form an intangible asset at end of the project.

         Expenditure in the development phase is capitalised and deferred if, and only if, all of the following have been
         demonstrated: (i) the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
         sale; (ii) the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it; (iii) the ability to use or sell the intangible
         asset; (iv) how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits; (v) the availability of adequate
         technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the intangible asset; and (vi)
         its ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development. Product
         development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.




96   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Intangible assets (continued)

    Research and development costs (continued)

    The specific criteria for the capitalisation of development costs are as follows:

    As for biosimilar products, expenditures incurred after the commencement of Phase III clinical trial for the
    medicines are capitalised and recognised as assets when the above six criteria are met.

    As for innovative products, expenditures incurred after obtaining the new drug application approval from the drug
    regulatory organisation are capitalised and recognised as assets when the above six criteria are met.

    Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-
    line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding twenty years, commencing from the
    date when the regulatory and marketing approval is received, which is determined based on the management’s
    expectation of the period over which the deferred development assets are expected to be available for use by
    the Group, by considering product life cycles for the asset, the estimates of useful lives of similar products and
    the market condition.

    Leases

    The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
    a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
    for consideration.

    Group as a lessee

    The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases
    and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use
    assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           97
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2024




     2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

         Leases (continued)

         Group as a lessee (continued)

         (a) Right-of-use assets

             Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
             asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and
             any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
             includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at
             or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
             on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as
             follows:

             Leasehold land                                                                                       38 years
             Laboratory                                                                                          5.5 years

             If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
             exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

         (b) Lease liabilities

             Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
             payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
             substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on
             an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments
             also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and
             payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to
             terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as
             an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

             In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
             lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
             the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and
             reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if
             there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future
             lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to
             purchase the underlying asset.

         (c) Short-term leases

             The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery
             and equipment and buildings (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
             commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are
             recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




98   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Investments and other financial assets

    Initial recognition and measurement

    Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
    through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

    The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
    characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
    do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of
    not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its
    fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade
    receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
    expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set
    out for “Revenue recognition” below.

    In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
    comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
    (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
    and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

    The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order
    to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual
    cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are
    held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows,
    while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within
    a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets
    which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through
    profit or loss.

    Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
    regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
    commits to purchase or sell the asset.

    Subsequent measurement

    The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

    Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

    Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
    subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified
    or impaired.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             99
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Investments and other financial assets (continued)

          Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

          For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
          revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in profit or loss and computed in the same manner
          as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in other
          comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive
          income is recycled to profit or loss.

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
          with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

          Derecognition of financial assets

          A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
          primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

          •   the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

          •   the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay
              the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement;
              and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group
              has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred
              control of the asset.

          When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
          arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.
          When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred
          control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s
          continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset
          and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has
          retained.

          Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
          of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be
          required to repay.




100   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Impairment of financial assets

    The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
    fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
    in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
    approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale
    of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

    General approach

    ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
    credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
    possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
    significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
    over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

    At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
    significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
    occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
    instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is
    available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
    that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 90 days past
    due.

    The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due. The Group
    has rebutted the 90 days past due presumption of default based on reasonable and supportable information,
    including the Group’s credit risk control practices and the historical recovery rate of financial assets over 90
    days past due. However, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
    information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
    taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

    For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the low credit risk
    simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt investments are considered to have
    low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In
    making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the external credit ratings of the debt investments. It is the Group’s
    policy to measure ECLs on such instruments on a 12-month basis. However, when there has been a significant
    increase in credit risk of debt investments since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime ECL.

    A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              101
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Impairment of financial assets (continued)

          Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost
          are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
          measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

          Stage 1 –      Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and
                         for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
          Stage 2 –      Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that
                         are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
                         equal to lifetime ECLs
          Stage 3 –      Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                         originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                         lifetime ECLs

          Simplified approach

          For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the
          practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the
          simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in
          credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group
          has established a provision matrix that is based on market historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-
          looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

          Financial liabilities

          Initial recognition and measurement

          Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans
          and borrowings, or payables, as appropriate.

          All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables,
          net of directly attributable transaction costs.

          The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and notes payables, other payables and accruals, interest-bearing
          bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and amounts due to related parties.




102   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Financial liabilities (continued)

    Subsequent measurement

    The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

    Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)

    After initial recognition, trade and notes payables, other payables and interest-bearing borrowings are
    subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of
    discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit
    or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

    Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
    that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance
    costs in profit or loss.

    Derecognition of financial liabilities

    A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

    When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
    or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a
    derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective
    carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

    Offsetting of financial instruments

    Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
    position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
    settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

    Inventories

    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average
    basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an
    appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated
    costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               103
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks and short-
          term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known
          amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-
          term cash commitments.

          For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand
          and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand
          and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

          Income tax

          Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
          recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
          taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
          end of each reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in
          which the Group operates.

          Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on temporary differences at the end of each reporting period
          between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

          Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

          •   where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
              transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
              accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
              differences; and

          •   in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
              when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the
              temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




104   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Income tax (continued)

    Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused
    tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
    taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
    unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

    •   when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition
        of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction,
        affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and
        deductible temporary differences; and

    •   in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
        deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will
        reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences
        can be utilised.

    The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
    extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
    tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and
    are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all
    or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
    the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
    substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to
    set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to
    income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities
    which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the
    liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are
    expected to be settled or recovered.

    Government grants

    Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
    be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item,
    it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
    compensate, are expensed.

    Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to
    the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments
    or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or loss by way of a
    reduced depreciation charge.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               105
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Revenue recognition

          Revenue from contracts with customers

          Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
          customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
          those goods or services.

          When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
          which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable
          consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant
          revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty
          with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

          When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
          financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the
          present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate
          financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a
          financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue
          recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective
          interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the
          promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant
          financing component, using the practical expedient in IFRS 15.

          (a) Sale of products

              Revenue from the sale of products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred
              to the customer, generally on acceptance of the products.

          (b) Provision of research and development services

              Revenue from the provision of research and development services is recognised over time, using an
              output method to measure progress by using services transferred to the customer to date, because the
              Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
              enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

          (c) Out-licensing agreements

              The Group grant commercialisation licenses or intellectual property licenses of certain products. Revenue
              is recognised at the point in time when the control of the license is transferred to the customer. The
              consideration for license comprises fixed element and variable elements. The variable elements are included
              in the transaction price when the Group can conclude that it is highly probable there will not be a significant
              reversal of revenue.

          Other income
          Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
          exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter
          period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.



106   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Contract liabilities

    A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
    customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue
    when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the
    customer).

    Contract costs

    Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
    costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

    (a) The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

    (b) The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
        satisfy) performance obligations in the future.

    (c) The costs are expected to be recovered.

    The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent
    with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other contract costs are
    expensed as incurred.

    Share-based payments

    The Company operates a share-based payment scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive
    remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity
    instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured
    by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external
    valuer using the back-solve method and equity value allocation based on the option pricing model, further details
    of which are given in note 28 to the financial statements.

    The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in expenses, together with a corresponding increase in
    equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense
    recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects
    the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity
    instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in
    the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               107
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Share-based payments (continued)

          Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
          value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate
          of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected
          within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service
          requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value
          of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance
          conditions.

          For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not
          been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions
          are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all
          other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

          Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the
          terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised
          for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to
          the employee as measured at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated
          as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised
          immediately. This includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the
          employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a
          replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a
          modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

          Other employee benefits

          Pension schemes

          Contributions made to the government retirement benefit fund under defined contribution retirement plans are
          charged to profit or loss as incurred. The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the
          laws of the countries in which it has operations.

          The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in central
          pension schemes operated by the local municipal government and the central government, respectively. These
          subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll costs to the central pension schemes. The
          contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central
          pension schemes.




108   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Borrowing costs

    All borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest
    and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

    Events after the reporting period

    If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of authorisation for issue,
    about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will assess whether the information affects
    the amounts that it recognises in its financial statements. The Group will adjust the amounts recognised in its
    financial statements to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting period and update the disclosures that
    relate to those conditions in light of the new information. For non-adjusting events after the reporting period, the
    Group will not change the amounts recognised in its financial statements, but will disclose the nature of the non-
    adjusting events and an estimate of their financial effects, or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made,
    if applicable.

    Dividends

    Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
    meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Interim dividends are
    simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of association
    grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised
    immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

    Foreign currencies

    The financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency. Each entity in the
    Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are
    measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group
    are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
    Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates
    of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary
    items are recognised in profit or loss.

    Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
    exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
    currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss
    arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the
    gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is
    recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or
    profit or loss, respectively).




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                109
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Foreign currencies (continued)

          In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
          derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date
          of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary
          liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group
          determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

          The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than RMB. As at the end of
          the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates
          prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the
          exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The resulting exchange
          differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve,
          except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of a foreign
          operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit
          or loss.

          For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
          translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows
          of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average
          exchange rates for the year.

      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

          The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
          and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
          accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and
          estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets
          or liabilities affected in the future.

          Judgements

          In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
          apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
          financial statements:

          Research and development costs

          All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred. Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new
          products is capitalised and deferred in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development
          costs in note 2.4 to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires management
          to make assumptions and judgements regarding to technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset, future
          economic benefits and so forth.




110   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

    Estimation uncertainty

    The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
    reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
    and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

    Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

    The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on
    ageing period for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.

    The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
    the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast
    economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of
    defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical
    observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

    The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and
    ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
    economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also
    not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s
    trade receivables is disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

    Impairment of non-financial assets

    The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the
    right-of-use assets) at the end of the reporting period. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or not yet
    available for use are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an indicator exists. Other
    non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be
    recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its
    recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation
    of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s
    length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset.
    When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from
    the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of
    those cash flows.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              111
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

          For management purposes, the Group is not organised into business units based on their products and only
          has one reportable operating segment. Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s operating
          segment as a whole for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.

          Geographical information

          (a) Revenue from external customers

              All external revenue of the Group during the year was attributable to customers in Mainland China.

          (b) Non-current assets

                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000


              Mainland China                                                                            1,888,577            1,602,155
              Other countries                                                                               6,431                8,224


              Total non-current assets                                                                  1,895,008            1,610,379


              The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets.

          Information about major customers

          Revenue from each major customer which accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the year is
          set out below:

                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000


          Customer A                                                                                      149,881              188,433
          Customer B                                                                                      105,179                  N/A*
          Customer C                                                                                       97,231                  N/A*

          *   The corresponding revenue of the customer is not disclosed as the revenue individually did not account for 10% or more of the
              Group’s revenue during the year.




112   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

    An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


    Revenue from contracts with customers                                             726,316           618,129


    Revenue from contracts with customers

    (a) Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


        Types of goods or services
        Sale of products                                                              689,853           615,272
        Provision of research and development services                                  1,953             2,857
        Out-licensing agreements                                                       34,510                 –


        Total                                                                         726,316           618,129


        Timing of revenue recognition
        Goods transferred at a point in time                                          724,363           615,272
        Services transferred over time                                                  1,953             2,857


        Total                                                                         726,316           618,129


        Geographical markets

        All of the Group’s revenue was generated from customers located in Mainland China during the year.

        The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were
        included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


        Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
          at the beginning of the reporting period:
        Sale of products                                                               12,346                6,081
        Provision of research and development services                                      –                  943


        Total                                                                          12,346                7,024




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         113
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

          Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

          (b) Performance obligations

              Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

              Sale of products

              The performance obligation is satisfied upon acceptance of the goods and payment is generally due within
              one month to three months.

              Provision of research and development services

              The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally due
              within 30 days from the date of billing.

              Out-licensing agreements

              The performance obligation is satisfied upon granting the license and payment is generally due within 30
              days from the date of billing.

                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


              Other income and gains
              Government grants*                                                                       43,420               25,768
              Bank interest income                                                                        405                1,159
              Others                                                                                    1,263                  727


              Total other income and gains                                                            45,088               27,654

              *   The government grants mainly represent subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s
                  research and development activities and operation. During the year, government grants amounting to RMB267,000 (2023:
                  RMB200,000) were released from deferred government grants (note 23).




114   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




6. PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX

    The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                            2024                   2023
                                                                                    Notes                RMB’000                RMB’000


    Cost of inventories sold                                                                               179,669               195,723
    Cost of services provided                                                                                   36                   428
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                           42,834                51,454
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                      1,754                 5,861
    Amortisation of intangible assets*                                                                      28,317                25,451
    Research and development costs                                                                         149,274               230,682
    Lease payments not included in the measurement of
      lease liabilities                                                              14(c)                    4,574                  4,128
    Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                    2,972                  2,736
    Write-down of inventories to net realisable value**                                                       3,958                13,010
    Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                           239                  3,006
    Government grants                                                                                       (43,420)              (25,768)
    Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of trade receivables, net                     17                      2,168                     (26)
    Impairment of other receivables, net                                              18                        509                       –
    Bank interest income                                                                                       (405)                (1,159)
    Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’,
      chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration (note 8)):
      Wages and salaries                                                                                     64,709                92,274
      Pension scheme contributions***                                                                        19,383                21,076
      Staff welfare expenses                                                                                  3,674                 5,939
      Share-based payment expense                                                                            11,368                 9,617


    Total                                                                                                   99,134              128,906

    *     The amortisation of technology know-how and software is included in “Research and development costs” in the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The amortisation of deferred development costs is included in “Cost
          of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

    **    The write-down of inventories to net realisable value is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
          and other comprehensive income.

    ***   There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                      115
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      7. FINANCE COSTS

          An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


          Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                   31,366             12,276
          Interest on lease liabilities (note 14(b))                                                 326                361
          Interest on discounted notes receivable                                                    959              1,450


          Total                                                                                   32,651             14,087


      8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION

          Directors’, chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules,
          section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure
          of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                    Group
                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


          Fees                                                                                       300                300


          Other emoluments:
            Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              6,012              5,951
            Performance related bonuses                                                              719              2,377
            Pension scheme contributions                                                             430                496
            Share-based payment expense                                                           10,131             11,023


          Subtotal                                                                                17,292             19,847


          Total                                                                                   17,592             20,147


          In prior years, certain directors were granted equity interests in respect of their services to the Group, further
          details of which are set out in note 28 to the financial statements. The fair value of the equity interests granted,
          which has been recognised in profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and
          the amounts included in the financial statements for the current year is included in the above directors’, chief
          executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration disclosures.




116   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)

    (a) Independent non-executive directors

        The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


        Mr. Shi Luwen                                                                        100                100
        Mr. Dai Jixiong                                                                      100                100
        Dr. Yu Jialin                                                                        100                100


        Total                                                                               300                300


        There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2023:
        Nil).

    (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive

                                           Salaries,
                                        allowances     Performance          Pension     Share-based
                                       and benefits          related        scheme         payment             Total
                                             in kind       bonuses     contributions        expense     remuneration
                                           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


        2024

        Executive directors:
        Ms. Jiang Hua*                        2,223             277             125             3,913          6,538
        Dr. Dou Changlin                      3,608             420             239             2,957          7,224


        Subtotal                              5,831             697             364             6,870         13,762

        Non-executive directors:
        Ms. Li Li                                 –               –                 –           1,522          1,522
        Mr. Liu Yuanchong                         –               –                 –           1,739          1,739


        Subtotal                                  –               –                 –           3,261          3,261

        Total                                 5,831             697             364          10,131           17,023




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           117
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)

          (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive (continued)

                                                    Salaries,
                                                 allowances     Performance          Pension    Share-based
                                                and benefits          related        scheme         payment          Total
                                                      in kind       bonuses     contributions       expense   remuneration
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


              2023

              Executive directors:
              Ms. Jiang Hua*                          2,233            1,172             122          4,166         7,693
              Dr. Dou Changlin                        3,538            1,175             317          2,951         7,981


              Subtotal                                5,771            2,347             439          7,117        15,674

              Non-executive directors:
              Dr. Li Youxin                                –               –               –            651           651
              Ms. Li Li                                    –               –               –          1,519         1,519
              Mr. Liu Yuanchong                            –               –               –          1,736         1,736
              Mr. Chen Jie                                 –               –               –              –             –


              Subtotal                                     –               –               –          3,906         3,906

              Total                                   5,771            2,347             439        11,023        19,580


              *       Ms. Jiang Hua was appointed as the chief executive of the Company.




118   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




8. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)

    (c) Supervisors

                                         Salaries,
                                      allowances     Performance          Pension    Share-based
                                     and benefits          related        scheme        payment           Total
                                           in kind       bonuses     contributions       expense   remuneration
                                         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


        2024

        Ms. Zhang Xiaomei                      –                –               –             –              –
        Ms. Ning Xia                         181               22              66             –            269
        Ms. Liu Xiangjie                       –                –               –             –              –


        Total                                 181              22              66              –           269


        2023

        Ms. Zhang Xiaomei                       –               –               –              –             –
        Ms. Ning Xia                          180              30              57              –           267
        Ms. Liu Xiangjie                        –               –               –              –             –


        Total                                 180              30              57             –           267


        There was no arrangement under which a director, a supervisor or the chief executive waived or agreed to
        waive any remuneration during the year.

        There were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join, or upon
        joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        119
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

          The five highest paid employees during the year included one director and the chief executive (2023: one director
          and the chief executive), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration
          of the remaining three (2023: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the
          Company are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


          Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                 5,014              5,754
          Performance related bonuses                                                                 618              1,912
          Pension scheme contributions                                                                236                223
          Share-based payment expense                                                               3,887              3,880


          Total                                                                                     9,755             11,769


          The numbers of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the
          following bands are as follows:

                                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                                  2024            2023


          HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                   1                  –
          HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                   2                  2
          HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                                   –                  1


          Total                                                                                          3                  3


          In prior years, equity interests were granted to certain non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
          employees in respect of their services to the Group, further details of which are set out in note 28 to the financial
          statements. The fair value of the equity interests granted, which has been recognised in profit or loss over the
          vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements
          for the current year are included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
          remuneration disclosures.




120   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




10. INCOME TAX

    The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in
    which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

    The provision for current income tax in Mainland China is based on a statutory tax rate of 25% of the assessable
    profits of the PRC subsidiary of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax
    Law. During the year, the Company was accredited as a High and New Technology Enterprise and was entitled
    to a preferential income tax rate of 15% (2023: 15%).

    Pursuant to the relevant tax laws of Singapore, the subsidiary which operates in Singapore was subject to
    corporate income tax at the rate of 17% (2023: 17%) on the taxable income.

    Pursuant to the relevant tax laws of the USA, federal corporation income tax was levied at the rate of 21% (2023:
    21%) on the taxable income arising in the USA.

    A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit/(loss) before tax using the statutory tax rate for the
    jurisdiction where the operations of the Group are substantially based to the tax expense at the effective tax rate is
    as follows:

                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


    Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                 73,189            (119,377)


    Tax charged at the statutory tax rate of 25%                                              18,297            (29,844)
    Effect of different tax rates enacted by local authorities                                   644                780
    Effect of preferential income tax rate enacted by local authority                        (10,370)             8,284
    Additional deductible allowance for research and development costs                       (23,204)           (30,538)
    Expenses not deductible for tax                                                              646                251
    Deductible temporary differences and tax losses not recognised                            13,987             51,067


    Tax charge at the Group’s effective tax rate                                                    –                  –


11. DIVIDENDS

    No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during the year (2023: Nil).

12. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS
    OF THE PARENT

    The calculation of the basic earnings/(loss) per share amount is based on the profit/(loss) for the year attributable
    to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 535,933,694
    (2023: 509,278,094) outstanding during the year.

    The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2024 and
    2023.



ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              121
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                           Machinery
                                                                 and         Office    Construction
                                              Buildings    equipment     equipment      in progress       Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


          31 December 2024

          At 1 January 2024:
            Cost                               126,380        615,608       10,202           77,461       829,651
            Accumulated depreciation           (12,177)      (198,170)      (3,887)               –      (214,234)


            Net carrying amount                114,203       417,438          6,315          77,461       615,417


          At 1 January 2024,
            net of accumulated depreciation    114,203       417,438          6,315          77,461       615,417
          Additions                                  –        20,716          1,379          23,737        45,832
          Disposals                                  –            (9)            (2)              –           (11)
          Depreciation provided
            during the year                      (4,067)      (60,903)       (1,503)              –       (66,473)


          At 31 December 2024,
            net of accumulated depreciation    110,136       377,242          6,189         101,198       594,765


          At 31 December 2024:
            Cost                               126,380        636,075       11,572          101,198       875,225
            Accumulated depreciation           (16,244)      (258,833)      (5,383)               –      (280,460)


            Net carrying amount                110,136       377,242          6,189         101,198
                                                                                                         594,765




122   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                     Machinery
                                                           and         Office    Construction
                                        Buildings    equipment     equipment      in progress       Total
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


    31 December 2023

    At 1 January 2023:
      Cost                               121,379       553,911          9,297         40,799       725,386
      Accumulated depreciation             (8,110)    (142,757)        (2,427)             –      (153,294)


      Net carrying amount                113,269      411,154          6,870          40,799      572,092


    At 1 January 2023,
      net of accumulated depreciation    113,269      411,154          6,870          40,799      572,092
    Additions                              5,001       45,980            905          52,374      104,260
    Depreciation provided
      during the year                      (4,067)     (55,408)        (1,460)             –       (60,935)
    Transfers                                   –       15,712              –        (15,712)            –


    At 31 December 2023,
      net of accumulated depreciation    114,203      417,438          6,315          77,461      615,417


    At 31 December 2023:
      Cost                               126,380       615,608        10,202          77,461       829,651
      Accumulated depreciation            (12,177)    (198,170)        (3,887)             –      (214,234)


      Net carrying amount                114,203      417,438          6,315          77,461
                                                                                                 615,417


    At 31 December 2024, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment with a net carrying amount of
    approximately RMB243,549,000 (2023: RMB266,098,000) were pledged to secure bank and other borrowings
    (note 22).




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                               SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       123
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      14. LEASES

          The Group as a lessee

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of laboratory and office premises, and machinery and equipment
          used in its operations. Lump sum payment was made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owner with
          a lease period of 38 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of the land lease. Lease of
          laboratory has lease term period of 5.5 years. Other machinery, equipment and office premises generally have
          lease terms of 12 months or less. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased
          assets outside the Group.

          (a) Right-of-use assets

              The carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                       Laboratory        Machinery
                                                     Leasehold          and office             and
                                                          land           premises        equipment              Total
                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000


              At 1 January 2023                            4,313             3,408             2,881           10,602
              Additions                                        –             8,717                 –             8,717
              Depreciation charge                           (111)           (4,628)           (2,551)           (7,290)
              Reduction as a result of
                lease modifications                            –                  –             (330)             (330)
              Exchange realignment                             –                 (6)               –                 (6)


              At 31 December 2023 and
                1 January 2024                             4,202             7,491                 –           11,693
              Depreciation charge                           (111)           (1,643)                –           (1,754)
              Exchange realignment                             –                96                 –               96


              At 31 December 2024                          4,091             5,944                –           10,035


              At 31 December 2024, certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets with a net carrying amount of
              approximately RMB4,091,000 (2023: RMB4,202,000) were pledged to secure bank loans (note 22).




124   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




14. LEASES (CONTINUED)

    The Group as a lessee (continued)

    (b) Lease liabilities

        The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                               2024          2023
                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000


        Carrying amount at 1 January                                                             9,742       8,384
        New leases                                                                                   –       8,717
        Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                           326         361
        Payments                                                                                (3,590)     (7,386)
        Reduction as a result of lease modifications                                                 –        (330)
        Exchange realignment                                                                       116           (4)


        Carrying amount at 31 December                                                          6,594       9,742


        Analysed into:
          Current portion                                                                       1,787       3,567
          Non-current portion                                                                   4,807       6,175


        The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 34 to the financial statements.

    (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                               2024          2023
                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000


        Interest on lease liabilities                                                             326         361
        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                              1,754       5,861
        Expense relating to short-term leases (included in cost of sales,
           research and development costs and administrative expenses)                          4,574       4,128


        Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                               6,654      10,350


    (d) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 29(c) to the financial statements.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.       125
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                     Deferred
                                                  Technology     development
                                                   know-how             costs    Software        Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


          31 December 2024

          Cost at 1 January 2024,
            net of accumulated amortisation               900        949,508           96        950,504
          Addition                                          –        321,328            –        321,328
          Amortisation provided during the year          (900)       (27,936)         (12)       (28,848)


          At 31 December 2024                               –       1,242,900         84       1,242,984


          At 31 December 2024:
            Cost                                      36,000        1,318,984        116       1,355,100
            Accumulated amortisation                 (36,000)         (76,084)       (32)       (112,116)


            Net carrying amount                             –       1,242,900         84       1,242,984


          31 December 2023

          Cost at 1 January 2023,
            net of accumulated amortisation             4,500        726,904         101         731,505
          Addition                                          –        245,904            7        245,911
          Amortisation provided during the year        (3,600)        (23,300)        (12)        (26,912)


          At 31 December 2023                            900         949,508          96         950,504


          At 31 December 2023:
            Cost                                       36,000        997,660         116       1,033,776
            Accumulated amortisation                  (35,100)        (48,152)        (20)        (83,272)


            Net carrying amount                          900         949,508         96         950,504




126   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

    Impairment testing of deferred development costs

    The intangible assets of the Group include the deferred development costs which are the expenditure incurred in
    the development phase of each project. The management of the Company tests the deferred development costs
    which are not yet available for use for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that the
    unit may be impaired, by comparing their carrying amounts with their recoverable amounts.

    The recoverable amounts of the deferred development costs were determined based on the value in use. The
    value in use of the deferred development costs was determined by using the risk-adjusted net present value
    method through taking into account the possibility of success, using cash flow projections based on financial
    budgets approved by the management of the Company covering ten to fourteen years which consist of
    development periods of one years, growth and mature periods of four to eight years and fast-declining periods of
    five years, reflecting the periods before reaching a perpetual growth mode. Considering it generally takes longer
    for a biotechnology company to reach a perpetual growth mode compared to companies in other industries and
    taking into account of the expected timing of commercialisation, market size and penetration of related products,
    the management of the Company prepared the financial forecasts up to the year of 2038 in the impairment tests.
    Other key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations are listed as follows:

                                                                                            2024               2023


    Discount rate                                                                          14%                 14%
    Budgeted gross margin                                                           66% to 86%                 86%
    Terminal growth rate                                                                   –3%                 –3%

    Discount rate – The discount rate used is before tax and reflect specific risks relating to deferred development
    costs.

    Budgeted gross margin – The basis used to determine the value assigned to budgeted gross margin is the
    market gross margins where the biopharmaceuticals are located, taking into account the expected efficiency
    improvements and expected market development.

    Terminal growth rate – The terminal growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the forecast period is
    based on the estimate to the life cycle of biosimilars and the characteristics of biopharmaceuticals.

    The values assigned to the key assumptions are consistent with historical experience of the Group and external
    information sources.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            127
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

          Impairment testing of deferred development costs (continued)

          The recoverable amounts of deferred development costs and the carrying amounts of each project are listed as
          follows:

                                                                    Recoverable          Carrying
                                                                       amounts           amounts         Headroom
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


          2024

          BA9101                                                         216,083           174,942           41,141
          BA5101                                                       1,311,624           134,679        1,176,945
          BA6101 overseas                                                941,557           141,906          799,651
          BA1102 overseas                                                520,592            83,086          437,506
          BA1104                                                         982,572           136,082          846,490


          Total                                                        3,972,428           670,695        3,301,733


          2023

          BA1102                                                         562,451           177,708          384,743
          BA9101                                                         169,847           140,545           29,302
          BA5101                                                       1,132,032            80,116        1,051,916
          BA6101 overseas                                                788,301            65,496          722,805
          BA1102 overseas                                                433,013            30,412          402,601
          BA1104                                                         804,717            40,699          764,018


          Total                                                        3,890,361           534,976        3,355,385


      16. INVENTORIES

                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


          Raw materials                                                                     61,043           67,429
          Work in progress                                                                  56,427           44,443
          Finished goods                                                                    50,781           53,419


          Total                                                                            168,251          165,291




128   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




17. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


    Trade receivables                                                                      435,237           213,199
    Notes receivable                                                                        20,535            62,996


                                                                                           455,772           276,195
    Impairment                                                                              (2,168)                –


    Net carrying amount                                                                    453,604           276,195


    The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally one to three
    months, depending on the specific payment terms in each contract. The Group seeks to maintain strict control
    over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances
    are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade
    receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk.
    The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade
    receivables are non-interest-bearing.

    Included in the Group’s trade receivables is an amount due from a related party of RMB249,000 (2023:
    RMB554,000), which is repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group.

    At 31 December 2024, notes receivable of RMB7,043,000 (2023: RMB62,996,000) whose fair values
    approximate to their carrying values were classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
    income under IFRS 9. The fair value changes of these notes receivable at fair value through other comprehensive
    income were insignificant.The remaining notes receivable of RMB13,492,000 (2023: Nil) were measured at
    amortised cost.

    An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and
    net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


    Within 3 months                                                                        432,204           206,276
    3 to 6 months                                                                            2,820             5,730
    6 to 12 months                                                                             171             1,193
    1 to 2 years                                                                                42                 –


    Total                                                                                  435,237           213,199




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             129
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      17. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

          The movement in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


          At beginning of year                                                                         –                 26
          Impairment losses, net                                                                   2,168                (26)


          At end of year                                                                           2,168                  –

          An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit
          losses. The provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss
          patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and
          supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts
          of future economic conditions. Generally, trade receivables are written off if past due for more than one year and
          are not subject to enforcement activity.

          Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision
          matrix:

          As at 31 December 2024

                                                                               Within          1 year to
                                                                               1 year            2 years             Total


          Expected credit loss rate                                           0.50%             23.02%             0.50%
          Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                                    435,195                 42           435,237
          Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                     2,158                 10             2,168

          As at 31 December 2023

                                                                               Within          1 year to
                                                                               1 year           2 years               Total


          Expected credit loss rate                                           0.00%               50.00%           0.00%
          Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                                    213,199                   –          213,199
          Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                         –                   –                –

          At 31 December 2024, the Group endorsed certain notes receivable accepted by banks in Mainland China (the
          “Endorsed Notes”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade and other payables due to such suppliers
          with a carrying amount in aggregate of RMB24,013,000 (2023: RMB25,497,000) (the “Endorsement”). In
          addition, the Group discounted certain notes receivable accepted by banks in Mainland China (the “Discounted
          Notes”) to finance its operating cash flows with a carrying amount in aggregate of RMB61,917,000 (2023:
          RMB200,919,000) (the “Discount”). The Endorsed Notes and the Discounted Notes had a maturity from one to
          twelve months as at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments and
          relevant discounting arrangements with the certain banks in Mainland China, the holders of the Endorsed Notes
          and the Discounted Notes have a right of recourse against the Group if that certain banks default (the “Continuing
          Involvement”).


130   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




17. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

    In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to
    certain Endorsed Notes and Discounted Notes with amounts of RMB16,989,000 (2023: RMB11,191,000)
    and RMB59,917,000 (2023: RMB177,001,000), respectively, accepted by large and reputable banks (the
    “Derecognised Notes”). Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Notes.
    The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Notes and the
    undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Notes is equal to their carrying amounts. In the
    opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Notes are not
    significant.

    For the remaining Endorsed Notes and Discounted Notes, the directors believe that the Group has retained the
    substantial risks and rewards, which include default risks relating to such Endorsed Notes and Discounted Notes,
    and accordingly, it continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of the Endorsed Notes and the Discounted
    Notes. Subsequent to the Endorsement or the Discount, the Group did not retain any rights on the use of the
    Endorsed Notes or the Discounted Notes, including the sale, transfer or pledge of the Endorsed Notes or the
    Discounted Notes to any other third parties. At 31 December 2024, the aggregate carrying amount of the trade
    and other payables settled by such Endorsed Notes to which the suppliers have recourse was RMB7,024,000
    (2023: RMB14,306,000), and the aggregate carrying amount financed by such Discounted Notes to which the
    banks have recourse was RMB2,000,000 (2023: RMB23,918,000).

18. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


    Prepayments                                                                           48,640            37,710
    Prepaid expenses                                                                      17,252                 –
    Value-added tax recoverable                                                            5,188            15,750
    Other receivables                                                                     55,812             1,171
    Other current assets                                                                   2,137             2,750


                                                                                        129,029             57,381
    Impairment                                                                             (509)                 –


    Net carrying amount                                                                 128,520             57,381


    Other receivables mainly represent deposits with suppliers. Where applicable, an impairment analysis is
    performed at each reporting date by considering the probability of default. As at 31 December 2024, the
    probability of default applied ranged from 1.50% to 1.84% and the loss given default was estimated to be
    55.91%. As at 31 December 2023, the loss allowance of the Group was assessed to be minimal and the
    expected credit loss rate for other receivables was close to zero.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            131
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      19. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS

                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


          Cash and bank balances                                                              205,905            164,140
          Time deposit                                                                              –             50,000


          Subtotal                                                                            205,905            214,140

          Less:
            Pledged deposits for notes payable (note 20)                                        (7,038)          (12,290)


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                           198,867            201,850


          Denominated in:
            RMB                                                                               194,483            199,958
            United States dollar (“US$”)                                                        3,905              1,694
            Singapore dollar                                                                      265                168
            Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”)                                                              214                 30


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                           198,867            201,850


          The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
          Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations,
          the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign
          exchange business.

          Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposit is made
          for period of one day and earns interest at the short term time deposit rate. The bank balances and pledged
          deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.




132   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




20. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES

                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


    Trade payables                                                                       125,137          185,691
    Notes payable                                                                         88,457           31,881


    Total                                                                                213,594          217,572


    An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
    follows:

                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


    Within 3 months                                                                       64,322          120,678
    3 to 6 months                                                                         11,970           30,234
    6 to 12 months                                                                        19,507           27,828
    1 to 2 years                                                                          24,794            4,999
    Over 2 years                                                                           4,544            1,952


    Total                                                                                125,137          185,691


    Trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

    The maturity of notes payable is within twelve months.

    Notes payable were secured by certain of the deposits amounting to RMB7,038,000 (2023: RMB12,290,000)
    (note 19).




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           133
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      21. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                      Notes           RMB’000          RMB’000


          Payroll payables                                                                               13,833          26,303
          Other payables                                                               (a)               64,682          53,636
          Taxes payable other than income tax                                                             8,848           5,678
          Accrued promotion expenses                                                                     69,314         141,501
          Contract liabilities                                                         (b)               11,419          12,346


          Total                                                                                       168,096          239,464

          Notes:

          (a)   Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

          (b)   Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                   31 December       31 December        1 January
                                                                                          2024              2023            2023
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000


                Short-term advances received from customers
                Sale of products                                                        11,419            12,346           6,081
                Provision of research and development services                               –                 –             943


                Total                                                                   11,419            12,346           7,024


                Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver products and render research and
                development services. The decrease in contract liabilities in 2024 was mainly due to the decrease in short-
                term advances received from customers in relation to the sale of products at the end of the year. The
                increase in contract liabilities in 2023 was mainly due to the increase in short-term advances received from
                customers in relation to the sale of products at the end of the year.




134   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




22. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                 Interest rate (%)    Maturity         RMB’000            RMB’000


    Current
                                                          1-year
    Bank loans – secured                          LPR+0.45~1.05           2025           144,012            62,066
    Current portion of long-term
      bank loans – secured                       5-year LPR+0.05          2025            70,208            50,273
    Current portion of long-term other
      borrowings – secured                              5.10~6.00         2025            37,827            31,676
    Discounted notes receivable                         1.42~1.43         2025             2,000            23,824


    Total – current                                                                      254,047           167,839


    Non-current
    Bank loans – secured                         5-year LPR+0.05          2026            90,000           160,000
    Long-term other
      borrowings – secured                              5.10~6.00    2026~2027           334,898            68,324


    Total – non-current                                                                  424,898           228,324


    Total                                                                                678,945           396,163


    Analysed into:
      Bank loans and other borrowings
        repayable:
        Within one year                                                                  254,047           167,839
        In the second year                                                               224,898           103,287
        In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                           200,000           125,037


    Total                                                                               678,945           396,163


    The Group’s bank loans and other borrowings are denominated in RMB and are secured by:

    (i)    mortgages over the Group’s property, plant and equipment, which had a net carrying value at the end of the
           reporting period of approximately RMB243,549,000 (2023: RMB266,098,000) (note 13); and

    (ii)   mortgages over the Group’s right-of-use assets, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting
           period of RMB4,091,000 (2023: RMB4,202,000) (note 14).

    Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, and Yantai Luye, shareholder of Shandong Luye,
    have guaranteed certain of the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings amounting to RMB160,208,000 (2023:
    RMB210,273,000) as at the end of the reporting period (note 31(b)).




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           135
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      23. GOVERNMENT GRANTS

                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


          At beginning of year                                                                     3,000                –
          Grants received during the year                                                          2,609            3,200
          Amounts released to profit or loss                                                        (267)            (200)


          At end of year                                                                           5,342            3,000


          The grants were related to the subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s
          research and development activities with conditions to fulfil and the Group’s improvement of manufacturing
          facilities on certain special projects. Upon completion of the related projects and having passed the final
          assessment from the relevant government authorities, the grants related to the expense items would be
          recognised as other income directly in the statement of profit or loss and the grants related to an asset would be
          released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset.

      24. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

          The Group entered into collaboration agreements with OcuMension Therapeutics (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.
          (“OcuMension”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to conduct certain initial stages of the Phase 3 clinical
          trial and commercial production and to obtain the biologic licence application of BA9101 and OcuMension
          agreed to complete the rest of Phase 3 clinical trial and to promote and commercialise BA9101 in Mainland
          China. Other non-current liabilities represent the considerations received for the collaboration arrangement.

      25. DEFERRED TAX

          The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

          Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                                    2024
                                                                                                            Right-of-use
                                                                                                                  assets
                                                                                                               RMB’000


          At 31 December 2023                                                                                       1,869
          Deferred tax credited to profit or loss during the year                                                    (386)


          Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2024                                                        1,483




136   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




25. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

    Deferred tax assets

                                                                                             2024
                                                                                           Lease
                                                                                        liabilities
                                                                                        RMB’000


    At 31 December 2023                                                                     1,869
    Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year                                   (386)


    Gross deferred tax assets at 31 December 2024                                           1,483


    Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                             2023
                                                                                      Right-of-use
                                                                                            assets
                                                                                         RMB’000


    At 31 December 2022                                                                       990
    Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year                                    879


    Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2023                                      1,869




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    137
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      25. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

          The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)

          Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                                        2023
                                                                                                              Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                  RMB’000


          At 31 December 2022                                                                                             990
          Deferred tax credited to profit or loss during the year                                                         879


          Gross deferred tax assets at 31 December 2023                                                                 1,869


          For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of financial
          position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


          Net deferred tax assets recognised in the
            consolidated statement of financial position                                                 –                   –
          Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the
            consolidated statement of financial position                                                 –                   –


          The Group has accumulated tax losses in Mainland China of RMB2,398,913,000 (2023: RMB2,281,663,000)
          that can be carried forward for five to ten years to offset against future taxable profits of the entities in which
          losses were incurred. The Group has deductible temporary differences in Mainland China of RMB185,927,000
          (2023: RMB247,697,000).

          The Group has accumulated tax losses in the USA and Singapore of RMB73,603,000 (2023: RMB60,963,000)
          and RMB4,052,000 (2023: RMB2,327,000), respectively, that can be carried forward indefinitely to offset against
          future taxable profits of the entity in which the losses incurred.

          Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses and temporary differences as it is not
          considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.




138   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




26. SHARE CAPITAL

    Shares

                                                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

    Issued and fully paid:
       535,933,694 (2023: 509,278,094) ordinary shares                                                 535,934              509,278

    A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                                   Number of         Share capital
                                                                                                      shares            RMB’000

    At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                       509,278,094                509,278
    Shares issued (note)                                                                          26,655,600                 26,656

    At 31 December 2024                                                                          535,933,694                535,934

    Note:

    On 7 August 2024, a total of 26,655,600 shares were placed at a placing price of HK$9.5 per placing share, resulting in the issue of
    26,655,600 shares for a total proceeds, before expenses, of HK$253,228,000 (equivalent to RMB231,861,000). A portion of the gross
    proceeds amounted to HK$29,113,000 (equivalent to RMB26,656,000) was credited to share capital and the remaining balance after
    deducting expenses of HK$221,566,000 (equivalent to RMB202,871,000) was credited to the share premium account.


27. RESERVES

    The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in
    the consolidated statements of changes in equity of the financial statements.

    Share premium

    The share premium of the Group represents the share premium contributed by the shareholders of the Company
    after its conversion into a joint stock company.

    Other reserves

    Other reserves of the Group represent the share premium contributed by the shareholders of the Company
    before its conversion into a joint stock company, exempted payables to shareholders and share-based payment
    reserve.

    Safety production reserve

    The Group has appropriated a certain amount of accumulated losses to the safety production reserve fund
    for safety production expense purposes as required by directives issued by the relevant PRC government
    authorities. The Group charged the safety production expense to profit or loss when such expense was incurred,
    and at the same time an equal amount of special reserve fund was utilised and transferred back to accumulated
    losses.

    Exchange fluctuation reserve

    The exchange fluctuation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
    statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from the Group’s presentation
    currency.


ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                                SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   139
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      28. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

          In December 2020, the board of directors of the Company passed a resolution to grant equity interests in the
          Company to the eligible employees (including directors) in order to provide incentives and rewards to participants
          for the business development of the Group. Subsequently, Yantai Bolian Investment Center Limited Partnership
          (“Yantai Bolian”), Yantai Bosheng Investment Center Limited Partnership (“Yantai Bosheng”) and Yantai Bofa
          Investment Center Limited Partnership (“Yantai Bofa”), three employee incentive platforms established in the
          PRC, subscribed paid-in capital of RMB21,380,000, RMB14,930,000 and RMB11,250,000 of the Company for
          total considerations of RMB64,140,000, RMB44,790,000 and RMB33,750,000, respectively.

          On 27 January 2021, 4.4247% of the then equity interest in the Company was granted to 36 selected directors
          and employees of the Company for a consideration of RMB64,140,000 through Yantai Bolian. 3.0898% of the
          then equity interest in the Company was granted to 45 selected directors and employees of the Company for a
          consideration of RMB44,790,000 through Yantai Bosheng. 2.3282% of the then equity interest in the Company
          was granted to 47 selected directors and employees of the Company for a consideration of RMB33,750,000
          through Yantai Bofa. The management has the power to select the eligible employees and the Group derive
          benefits from the services of the employees who have been granted the then equity interest through their
          continued employment with the Group.

          Pursuant to the partnership agreements of Yantai Bolian, Yantai Bosheng and Yantai Bofa (collectively referred
          to as the “ESOP Entities”), (i) the ESOP Entities shall not dispose of any of the shares they held within 36 months
          immediately following the date of the Company’s listing (the “ESOP Lock-up Period”); and (ii) a partner is entitled
          to direct the ESOP Entities to dispose of his/her share of the shares held by the ESOP Entities (based on his/
          her shareholding percentage in the ESOP Entities) (the “ESOP Shares”) in the following manner: (a) 25% of his/
          her ESOP Shares upon the expiry of 12 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; (b) 50% of
          his/her ESOP Shares upon the expiry of 24 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; (c) 75%
          of his/her ESOP Shares upon the expiry of 36 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; and (d)
          100% of his/her ESOP Shares upon the expiry of 48 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period. If
          a person cease to be qualified as a partner during the vesting period, the general partner shall have the right to
          purchase or appoint other eligible employees to purchase the share of that person at cost or cost plus market
          interest. In August 2021, the ESOP Lock-up Period was revised as 12 months immediately following the date of
          the Company’s listing pursuant to the updated partnership agreements.

          The fair value of services received in return for equity interests granted is measured by reference to the fair value
          of the equity interests granted less the consideration received by the Group.

          The fair value of the equity interests granted is determined by the back-solve method and equity value allocation
          based on the option pricing model at the grant date.

          The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                                                        2021


          Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                  2.9%
          Volatility (%)                                                                                              42.0%


          The Group recognised a share-based payment expense of RMB21,499,000 during the year (2023:
          RMB20,640,000).



140   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




29. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

    (a) Major non-cash transactions

        During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to other non-current liabilities of RMB852,000 (2023:
        RMB9,942,000) in respect of a collaboration arrangement.

    (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                 Interest-
                                                             bearing bank                           Amounts
                                                                and other            Lease            due to
                                                              borrowings          liabilities related parties
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


        At 1 January 2023                                         293,339              8,384          15,318
        Changes from financing cash flows                          89,098             (7,386)          1,374
        New leases                                                      –              8,717               –
        Reduction as a result of lease modifications                    –               (330)              –
        Interest expense                                           13,726                361               –
        Changes from non-financing activities                           –                   –          8,215
        Exchange realignment                                            –                  (4)             –


        At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                    396,163              9,742           24,907
        Changes from financing cash flows                         250,457             (3,590)           1,438
        Interest expense                                           32,325                326                –
        Changes from non-financing activities                           –                  –          (15,188)
        Exchange realignment                                            –                116                –


        At 31 December 2024                                       678,945             6,594           11,157




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                 SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         141
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      29. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

          (c) Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


              Within operating activities                                                       4,574             4,128
              Within financing activities                                                       3,590             7,386


              Total                                                                             8,164            11,514


      30. COMMITMENTS

          At the end of the reporting period, the Group had contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant
          and equipment with an amount of RMB217,273,000 (2023: RMB225,008,000).

      31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          The Group’s principal related parties are as follows:

           Name                                                                          Relationship with the Company


           Shandong Luye                                                                The immediate holding company
           Mr. Liu Dian Bo                                                                    Director of Shandong Luye
           Yantai Luye Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Luye”)                 Shareholder of Shandong Luye
           Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited (“Luye Hong Kong”)                                  Shareholder of Yantai Luye
           Nanjing Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Luye”)                              Controlled by Yantai Luye
           Yantai Luye Drugs Trading Co., Ltd. (“Luye Trading”)                           Controlled by Shandong Luye
           Nanjing Junshi Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Junshi”)              Controlled by Shandong Luye
           Nanjing Jimai Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Jimai”)                   Controlled by Nanjing Luye
           Shandong International Biotechnology
             Development Co., Ltd. (“Biotech Park Development”)                            Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           GeneLeap Biotechnology LLC (“GeneLeap Biotechnology”)                           Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           Yantai Yunyue Winery Management Co., Ltd. (“Yunyue Winery”)                     Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           Yantai Pull Valley Winery Management Co., Ltd. (“Pull Valley Winery”)           Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
           Yantai Cellzone Medical Diagnostics Center Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Cellzone”)        Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo




142   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    (a) The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:

                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                  Notes                RMB’000               RMB’000


        Sales of goods to:
          Luye Trading                                                               (i)                      692                1,607
        Lease and property management services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (ii)                  1,834                   413
          Biotech Park Development                                                   (ii)                  4,697                   494
          Nanjing Luye                                                               (ii)                    726                   256
          Luye Trading                                                               (ii)                     14                    23
        Testing services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (ii)                      23                    30
        EHS management services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (ii)                     423                  854
        Operation services from:
          Nanjing Luye                                                               (ii)                     750                1,218
          Nanjing Jimai                                                              (ii)                     340                    –
        Accommodation services from:
          Yunyue Winery                                                              (ii)                      74                    74
        Purchase of welfare goods from:
          Pull Valley Winery                                                         (ii)                     161                     –
        Advances from:
          Luye Hong Kong                                                             (ii)                  1,438                 1,374
        Payments on behalf by:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (iii)                 7,256               18,422
          Biotech Park Development                                                   (iii)                 2,065                2,080
          GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                     (iii)                 2,624                2,368
          Yantai Luye                                                                (iii)                     –                  132
        Repayments to:
          Shandong Luye                                                              (iii)                22,212               14,863
          Biotech Park Development                                                   (iii)                 3,013                1,512
          GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                     (iii)                 2,645                2,347
          Yantai Luye                                                                (iii)                    38                  294

        Notes:

        (i)     The transaction price was determined on normal commercial terms, negotiated on arm’s length basis, and on similar basis as
                the Group conducted businesses with major customers.

        (ii)    The transaction prices were determined on terms mutually agreed between the parties with reference to the actual cost and
                fees for similar transactions in the market.

        (iii)   The payments on behalf and advances were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                                  SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   143
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          (b) Other transactions with related parties:

              Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, and Yantai Luye, shareholder of Shandong
              Luye, have guaranteed certain bank loans made to the Group amounting to RMB160,208,000 (2023:
              RMB210,273,000) as at the end of the reporting period.

              Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, has guaranteed certain bank and other
              borrowings made to the Group amounting to RMB510,809,000 (2023: RMB100,000,000) as at the end of
              the reporting period.

          (c) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

              Trade receivables:
              Luye Trading                                                                                     249                  554


              Due to related parties:
              Shandong Luye*                                                                                 2,684               17,499
              Biotech Park Development**                                                                     2,059                2,031
              Nanjing Luye                                                                                     482                1,237
              GeneLeap Biotechnology***                                                                          –                   21
              Yantai Luye***                                                                                     –                   38
              Yantai Cellzone                                                                                1,164                1,164
              Luye Hong Kong***                                                                              2,876                1,374
              Nanjing Junshi                                                                                 1,532                1,532
              Nanjing Jimai                                                                                    360                    –
              Yunyue Winery                                                                                      –                   11


              Total                                                                                         11,157               24,907


              Lease liabilities:
              Biotech Park Development                                                                           –                1,190
              Nanjing Luye                                                                                       –                  739
              GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                                         6,594                7,813


              Total                                                                                          6,594                9,742

              *     As at the end of the reporting period, the outstanding balance of RMB1,011,000 (2023: RMB1,647,000) was trade in nature
                    and RMB1,673,000 (2023: RMB15,852,000) was non-trade in nature.

              **    As at the end of the reporting period, the outstanding balance of RMB880,000 (2023: Nil) was trade in nature and
                    RMB1,179,000 (2023: RMB2,031,000) was non-trade in nature.

              ***   The balances were non-trade in nature.

              Other outstanding balances with related parties were all trade in nature.

              The balances with related parties except for lease liabilities are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed
              terms of repayment.


144   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                            9,560             10,469
        Performance related bonuses                                                          1,104              3,767
        Pension scheme contributions                                                           821                870
        Share-based payment expense                                                         14,409             15,294


        Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                 25,894             30,400


        Further details of directors’, supervisors’ and chief executive’s remuneration are included in note 8 to the
        financial statements.

32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
    follows:

    Financial assets

    2024

                                                                     Financial
                                                                    assets at
                                                                    fair value           Financial
                                                                through other            assets at
                                                               comprehensive            amortised
                                                                       income                cost             Total
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


    Trade receivables                                                         –            433,069           433,069
    Notes receivable                                                      7,043             13,492            20,535
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets                                       –            55,200            55,200
    Pledged deposits                                                           –             7,038             7,038
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  –           198,867           198,867


    Total                                                                 7,043            707,666           714,709




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             145
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

          The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
          follows: (continued)

          Financial assets (continued)

          2023

                                                                                Financial
                                                                               assets at
                                                                                fair value      Financial
                                                                           through other        assets at
                                                                          comprehensive        amortised
                                                                                  income            cost             Total
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000


          Trade receivables                                                            –         213,199           213,199
          Notes receivable                                                        62,996               –            62,996
          Financial assets included in prepayments,
            other receivables and other assets                                          –            349               349
          Pledged deposits                                                              –         12,290            12,290
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                     –        201,850           201,850


          Total                                                                   62,996         427,688           490,684


          Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


          Lease liabilities                                                                        6,594             9,742
          Trade and notes payables                                                               213,594           217,572
          Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                          133,996           195,137
          Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                             678,945           396,163
          Due to related parties                                                                  11,157            24,907


          Total                                                                                1,044,286           843,521




146   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




33. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and
    notes receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade and notes
    payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, amounts due to related parties and current
    portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts
    largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

    The Group’s finance department headed by the financial manager is responsible for determining the policies
    and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to
    the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the
    movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The
    valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.

    The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
    exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
    methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

    The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities have
    been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with
    similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-
    performance risk were assessed to be insignificant.

    The fair values of the notes receivable classified as debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
    income have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows, which are the par values of the
    notes receivable. In addition, the notes receivable will mature within twelve months, and thus, their fair values
    approximate to their carrying values.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             147
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      33. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          (CONTINUED)

          The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

          Assets measured at fair value:

          As at 31 December 2024

                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                    Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                         in active        observable      unobservable
                                                         markets              inputs            inputs
                                                         (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)             Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


          Notes receivable                                         –             7,043                  –               7,043


          As at 31 December 2023

                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices          Significant        Significant
                                                          in active        observable       unobservable
                                                          markets               inputs             inputs
                                                          (Level 1)           (Level 2)          (Level 3)            Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


          Notes receivable                                         –           62,996                   –              62,996


          The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.

          During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers
          into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2023: Nil).




148   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




33. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)

    Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

    As at 31 December 2024

                                                Fair value measurement using
                                       Quoted prices       Significant       Significant
                                            in active      observable      unobservable
                                            markets            inputs            inputs
                                            (Level 1)        (Level 2)         (Level 3)       Total
                                           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


    Interest-bearing bank and
       other borrowings                                –      532,933                   –     532,933


    As at 31 December 2023

                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                        Quoted prices        Significant       Significant
                                             in active      observable      unobservable
                                             markets             inputs            inputs
                                             (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)      Total
                                           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


    Interest-bearing bank and
       other borrowings                                –      310,273                   –     310,273




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                             SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   149
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

          The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise bank loans and cash. The main purpose of these financial
          instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and
          liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.

          The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit
          risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
          they are summarised below.

          Interest rate risk

          The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s interest-
          bearing bank loans with a floating interest rate. The Group mitigates the risk by monitoring closely the movements
          in interest rates and reviewing its banking facilities regularly. The Group has not used any interest rate swap to
          hedge its exposure to interest rate risk.

          At 31 December 2024, if the interest rates on bank loans had been 50 basis points higher/lower, which was
          considered reasonably possible by management, with all other variables held constant, the profit before tax for
          the year would have decreased/increased by RMB1,291,000 (2023: the loss before tax for the year would have
          increased/decreased by RMB1,156,000), as a result of higher/lower interest expenses on bank loans.

          Foreign currency risk

          Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Group
          has currency exposures mainly arising from cash at banks denominated in US$. At present, the Group does
          not intend to seek to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. The Group constantly monitors the
          economic situation and the Group’s foreign exchange risk profile and will consider appropriate hedging measures
          in the future should the need arise.




150   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
    change in foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax
    (arising from US$ denominated financial instruments) and the Group’s equity (due to exchange differences on
    translation of foreign operations).

                                                                     Increase/          Increase/
                                                                 (decrease) in        (decrease)          Increase/
                                                                rate of foreign           in profit      (decrease)
                                                                      currency         before tax          in equity
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


    2024

    If the RMB weakens against the US$                                         5               195             2,804
    If the RMB strengthens against the US$                                    (5)             (195)           (2,804)

    2023

    If the RMB weakens against the US$                                         5                85              1,727
    If the RMB strengthens against the US$                                    (5)              (85)            (1,727)

    Credit risk

    The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers
    who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances
    are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.

    Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for collateral.
    Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty, by geographical region. There are no
    significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade receivables
    are widely dispersed with different customers.

    Maximum exposure and year-end staging

    The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
    policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or
    effort, and year-end staging classification as at the end of the reporting period. The amounts presented are gross
    carrying amounts for financial assets.




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             151
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Credit risk (continued)

          As at 31 December 2024

                                                             12-month
                                                                 ECLs                         Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                   Simplified
                                                               Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3         approach
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          Trade receivables*                                           –                  –                 –         435,237           435,237
          Notes receivables                                       20,535                  –                 –               –            20,535
          Financial assets included in prepayments,
             other receivables and other assets
             – Normal**                                           55,200                  –                 –                 –          55,200
          Pledged deposits
             – Not yet past due                                    7,038                  –                 –                 –            7,038
          Cash and cash equivalents
             – Not yet past due                                 198,867                   –                 –                 –         198,867


          Total                                                 281,640                   –                 –         435,237           716,877


          As at 31 December 2023

                                                              12-month
                                                                  ECLs                         Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                     Simplified
                                                                Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3          approach
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          Trade receivables*                                           –                  –                 –         213,199           213,199
          Notes receivables                                       62,996                  –                 –               –            62,996
          Financial assets included in prepayments,
             other receivables and other assets
             – Normal**                                              349                  –                 –                 –              349
          Pledged deposits
             – Not yet past due                                   12,290                  –                 –                 –          12,290
          Cash and cash equivalents
             – Not yet past due                                 201,850                   –                 –                 –         201,850


          Total                                                 277,485                   –                 –         213,199           490,684

          *    For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix
               is disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

          **   The credit quality of financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets are considered to be “normal”
               when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk
               since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




152   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    Liquidity risk

    The Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management
    of the Group to finance the operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations of cash flows.

    The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of
    interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities.

    The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
    contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                                    2024
                                                            On    Less than 3 to less than
                                                        demand    3 months     12 months         1 to 5 years     Total
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000


    Lease liabilities                                       177         466            1,397           4,936       6,976
    Trade and notes payables                             60,815     100,044           52,735               –     213,594
    Financial liabilities included in other payables
       and accruals                                     133,996           –                –               –     133,996
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                –      26,915          253,699         448,643     729,257
    Due to related parties                               11,157           –                –               –      11,157


    Total                                               206,145     127,425          307,831         453,579    1,094,980


                                                                                    2023
                                                            On    Less than     3 to less than
                                                        demand    3 months         12 months     1 to 5 years      Total
                                                       RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


    Lease liabilities                                     2,078         453            1,817           6,241      10,589
    Trade and notes payables                             65,013     128,054           24,505               –     217,572
    Financial liabilities included in other payables
       and accruals                                     195,137           –                –               –     195,137
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                –      20,989          161,190         237,157     419,336
    Due to related parties                               24,907           –                –               –      24,907


    Total                                               287,135     149,496          187,512         243,398     867,541




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                                           SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.         153
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      34. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          Capital management

          The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
          going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’
          value.

          The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions
          and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may
          return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital
          requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the
          years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.

          The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is total borrowings divided by total equity. The gearing
          ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


          Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 22)                                678,945            396,163


          Total equity                                                                      1,644,038          1,319,868


          Gearing ratio                                                                       41.30%              30.0%


      35. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

          There were no other significant events that required additional disclosure or adjustments occurred after the end
          of the reporting period.




154   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 December 2024




36. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                        2024           2023
                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Property, plant and equipment                                      583,919       602,352
    Advance payments for property, plant and equipment                  47,224        32,765
    Right-of-use assets                                                  4,091         4,202
    Intangible assets                                                1,242,984       950,504
    Investments in subsidiaries                                         85,709        73,445


    Total non-current assets                                         1,963,927      1,663,268


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Inventories                                                       168,251        165,291
    Trade and notes receivables                                       453,577        276,167
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                   122,085         52,177
    Due from a subsidiary                                              76,288         92,130
    Pledged deposits                                                    7,038         12,290
    Cash and cash equivalents                                         198,239        169,892


    Total current assets                                             1,025,478       767,947


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Lease liabilities                                                       –          1,190
    Trade and notes payables                                          212,176        216,413
    Other payables and accruals                                       165,647        235,898
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                        254,047        167,839
    Due to a subsidiary                                                10,384         10,150
    Due to related parties                                              5,907         20,743


    Total current liabilities                                         648,161        652,233


    NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                377,317        115,714


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS
     CURRENT LIABILITIES                                             2,341,244      1,778,982




ANNUAL REPORT 2024                                      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   155
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2024




      36. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


          NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
          Interest-bearing bank and other borrowing                                            424,898           228,324
          Government grants                                                                      5,342             3,000
          Other non-current liabilities                                                        123,522           112,670


          Total non-current liabilities                                                        553,762           343,994


          Net assets                                                                          1,787,482         1,434,988


          EQUITY
          Equity attributable to owners of the parent
          Share capital                                                                         535,934          509,278
          Reserves (note)                                                                     1,251,548          925,710


          Total equity                                                                        1,787,482         1,434,988


          Note:

          A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                    Safety        Accumu-
                                                           Share       Other    production            lated
                                                        premium     reserves       reserve          losses         Total
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


          At 1 January 2023                             1,329,450     83,909         5,227         (430,669)      987,917
          Loss and total comprehensive
            income for the year                                –           –             –          (82,847)       (82,847)
          Appropriation to safety production reserve           –           –         1,783            (1,783)            –
          Safety production reserve used                       –           –        (1,117)            1,117             –
          Share-based payment arrangements                     –      20,640             –                 –        20,640


          At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024        1,329,450    104,549         5,893         (514,182)      925,710
          Profit and total comprehensive
             income for the year                               –           –             –          101,468       101,468
          Issue of shares                                202,871           –             –                –       202,871
          Appropriation to safety production reserve           –           –         1,962           (1,962)            –
          Safety production reserve used                       –           –          (620)             620             –
          Share-based payment arrangements                     –      21,499             –                –        21,499


          At 31 December 2024                           1,532,321    126,048         7,235         (414,056)     1,251,548


      37. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

          The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2025.




156   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
