山東 博安 生 物技 術 股 份 有限 公司
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Stock Code : 6955




                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS

2    Company Overview

3    Corporate Information

5    Financial Highlights

6    Management Discussion and Analysis

26   Other Information

30   Independent Review Report

31   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

32   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position

34   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity

35   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Cash Flows

37   Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
COMPANY OVERVIEW



Established in 2013, Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (山東博安生物技術股份有限公司) (“Boan Biotech”,
the “Company” or “our Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical
company developing, manufacturing, and marketing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases,
ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases. The Company’s drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms:
Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology
Platform, ADC Technology Platform and Cell Therapy Platform.

Boan Biotech operates across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line
development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development,
technology transfer, non-clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial
production. In the cell therapy field, Boan Biotech focuses on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T
technology, developing safer, more effective, and affordable treatments for patients.

Boan Biotech’s portfolio includes four commercial products. Its pipeline includes multiple novel biologics as drug
candidates protected for their international intellectual property rights and a number of biosimilar candidates. In
addition to the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), the Company is also developing biological products
in overseas markets, including the United States (“U.S.”), the European Union (“EU”) and Japan. With a differentiated
portfolio and well-established commercial capabilities, Boan Biotech operates across the industry’s value chain from
research and development to manufacturing and commercialization, laying a solid foundation for long-term, high
quality growth in the future.




2         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
CORPORATE INFORMATION



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                          STRATEGY COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                         Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林) (Chairperson)
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                          Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)
(Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady of our Board)        Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)
Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
(President of R&D and Chief Operating Officer)              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
Mr. WANG Shenghan (王盛翰) (appointed on 5 June 2025)          GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
                                                            Mr. LI Shixu (李世旭) (Chairperson)
Non-executive Directors                                     Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                     Mr. WANG Shenghan (王盛翰)
Ms. LI Li (李莉)
Mr. LI Shixu (李世旭) (appointed on 5 June 2025)               REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE
                                                            PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
Independent Non-executive Directors                         No. 39 Keji Avenue
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)                                   High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)                                       Yantai, Shandong Province
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)                                         China

SUPERVISORS                                                 HEADQUARTERS IN THE
Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei (張曉玫) (Chairlady)                         PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
Ms. NING Xia (寧夏)                                           No. 39 Keji Avenue
Ms. LIU Xiangjie (劉祥杰)                                      High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
                                                            Yantai, Shandong Province
COMPANY SECRETARY                                           China
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟) (FCG, HKFCG)
                                                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                  IN HONG KONG
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                          Room 1918, 19/F
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟)                                      Lee Garden One
                                                            33 Hysan Avenue
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                             Causeway Bay
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄) (Chairperson)                         Hong Kong
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)                                         H SHARES SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                      Shops 1712–1716
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林) (Chairperson)                           17th Floor Hopewell Centre
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                              183 Queen’s Road East
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)                                       Wanchai
                                                            Hong Kong
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文) (Chairperson)
Ms. LI Li (李莉)
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)




                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          3
CORPORATE INFORMATION




LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong laws:
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling
9/F, Three Exchange Square
Central
Hong Kong

As to PRC laws:
King & Wood Mallesons
18th Floor, East Tower
World Financial Center
1 Dongsanhuan Zhonglu
Chaoyang District
Beijing 100020
China

AUDITOR
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
6955

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.boan-bio.com

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Bank of America
Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch




4          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



1.   REVENUE

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB393.4 million,
     as compared to RMB362.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of
     approximately RMB30.5 million, or 8.4%. The increase was mainly attributable to the sustained growth of
     sales of products (Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia®) of 15.9% to RMB385.3 million as compared with that
     for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

2.   COST OF SALES

     Our cost of sales amounted to RMB110.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, which accounted
     for approximately 28.2% of our total revenue for the same period (for the six months ended 30 June 2024:
     22.1%).

3.   GROSS PROFIT

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB282.6
     million, which remained stable as compared with that for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

4.   SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to
     RMB159.8 million, as compared to RMB134.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing
     an increase of RMB25.6 million, or 19.1%.

5.   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s recognised research and development (“R&D”)
     expenses of approximately RMB58.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB27.2 million as
     compared with that to the six months ended 30 June 2024.




                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Boan Biotech is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company that specializes in developing, manufacturing, and
commercializing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases, ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases.
Our drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms, including: Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and
Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform, Antibody Drug Conjugate (“ADC”)
Technology Platform and Cell Therapy Platform.

We operate across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line development, upstream
and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development, technology transfer, non-
clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial production. In the cell therapy
field, we focus on a new generation of enhanced and regulated CAR-T technology, developing safer, more effective,
and affordable treatments for patients.

Our portfolio includes four products approved for marketing. Our pipeline includes one investigational drug under
review for its marketing application, multiple novel biologics as drug candidates protected for their international
intellectual property rights, and biosimilar candidates. In addition to China, we are also developing biopharmaceutical
products in overseas markets, including the U.S., the EU, and Japan. With a differentiated portfolio and well-
established commercial capabilities, we operate across the industry’s value chain from R&D to manufacturing and
commercialization, laying a solid foundation for long-term, high-quality growth in the future.

2025 INTERIM REVIEW

From the beginning of 2025, we have made significant achievements in all aspects of pipeline development, sales
and marketing, manufacturing, and business collaboration.

During the Reporting Period, we recorded an increase in revenue of 8.4% to RMB393.4 million and an increase in
sales of products of 15.9% to RMB385.3 million as compared to that of 2024, which demonstrated our continued
capability to bring our biologics portfolio to market and maintain market share. As of the date of this report, three of
our products (Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia®) have been successfully marketed in Chinese Mainland (excluding
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan regions of China). These products have been sold to over 3,112 target hospitals and
institutions in China. A number of post-marketing clinical observational studies have been carried out on these three
products. In addition, our Boyouping®, the dulaglutide injection for glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes,
has been approved for marketing in Chinese Mainland in August 2025. Boyouping® is the first and only biosimilar
to Trulicity® approved for marketing in the world. In China, no other dulaglutide biosimilar is in the Biologics License
Application (“BLA”) stage yet and we granted Shanghai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shaphar”) the exclusive right to
commercialize Boyouping® in the Chinese Mainland in June 2025. We and Shaphar will work together to enhance
both the accessibility and the market coverage of Boyouping®. As a leading distributor of pharmaceuticals in China,
Shaphar has established a nationwide distribution network covering over 70,000 healthcare institutions and over




6          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




100,000 retail channels across 25 provinces, with a sales & marketing team of nearly 1,000 people. With its strong
expertise in integrated sales & marketing across channels as well as its extensive distribution network, Boyouping®
will be distributed to hospitals, retail pharmacy chains, and Direct-to-Patient (“DTP”) pharmacies throughout China at
the fastest speed possible. In addition, the exclusive promotion rights of our 60mg and 120mg denosumab injection
(Boyoubei® and Boluojia®) in Hong Kong and Macau have been granted to Kexing Biopharm Co., Ltd. (“Kexing”) in
January 2025 and Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia® have been approved for marketing in Macau in 2025. We
believe that with the approvals of new products in Chinese Mainland and other regions or countries, the accumulation
of more clinical data, the coverage of wider hospitals or distribution channels and various external collaborations with
experienced partners, our sales of products will maintain high growth.

For the progress of pipeline products in China, the BLA of BA9101 has been accepted by the Centre for Drug
Evaluation (“CDE”) of the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) in China in July 2024. The phase 3
clinical study of BA1104 is also progressing well. We also have 5 pipeline products (BA2101, BA1106, BA1301,
BA1302 and BA1202) progressing well in their phase 1/2 clinical trials in China. Among them, the early research
findings about BA1106 have been presented at the 2025 Annual Meeting of the American Association for Cancer
Research (“AACR”) and the dose escalation clinical trial of BA1106 in combination with BA1104 have begun patient
enrollment in June 2025.

For the progress of pipeline products in overseas, the international multi-center phase 3 clinical study for our
Denosumab Injection (BA6101 and BA1102) initiated in Europe, the U.S., and Japan is progressing well. Regarding
BA1104 (Nivolumab Injection), we have held a Biological Product Development (“BPD”) type 2b meeting with the
Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). The FDA has agreed on a “streamlined” clinical approach for BA1104, which
means only one pharmacokinetics (“PK”) similarity study (phase 1) is sufficient to support the submission of BLA in the
U.S., and the comparative clinical study (“CCS”, phase 3) is not needed. In comparison to a traditional approach with
separate phase 1 and phase 3 trials, this “streamlined” single clinical trial approach is projected to significantly reduce
clinical development costs and shorten the clinical development timeline. In March 2025, BA1302 was granted the
Orphan Drug Designations (“ODD”) by the FDA for the treatment of squamous non-small-cell lung cancer (“sqNSCLC”)
and pancreatic cancer respectively. In June 2025, BA1302 has been approved to initiate clinical trials by the FDA.

We continued to consolidate our R&D capabilities and industry influence. As of 30 June 2025, our R&D team had 254
experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery research, biotechnology research, biopharmaceutical
analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical research, pilot process research, clinical research,
regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property and other R&D functions. From the beginning of 2025
to the date of this report, we have been granted 9 new patents and 3 new pending patent applications worldwide. As
of the date of this report, we have been granted 50 patents and have 43 pending patent applications worldwide.




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                     7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




We have sufficient production capacity to meet the current commercial needs of our products. As of the date of
this report, we have commercial production capacity of 9,000L and pilot production capacity of 2,000L. During the
Reporting Period, we achieved significant improvements in quality and efficiency by enhancing and upgrading the
production processes of existing products, continuously advancing digital manufacturing, and implementing domestic
substitutions to reduce production costs. We have also built an electronic data environment for production, document
management, training, warehousing and other aspects, promoting the integration of production data, flexible
manufacturing, and intelligent management, improving production efficiency and production operation flexibility,
optimizing production costs, and ensuring drug quality and patient safety. In June 2025, the Department of Industry
and Information Technology of Shandong Province released the “2025 Provincial Quality Benchmarking Typical
Experience List”, and we have been successfully selected into the list for its “intelligent quality management practice
based on multi-system integration”, marking that our practical achievements in the field of quality management have
been recognized by provincial authorities.

We are actively exploring external business development and licensing-out arrangements. In addition to the
collaboration of Boyouping® with Shaphar and denosumab in Hong Kong and Macau with Kexing, we have also
granted Kexing the exclusive right to market and distribute our aflibercept intravitreous injection (BA9101) in all
countries and regions in the world except for the Chinese Mainland, the EU, the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), the U.S.,
and Japan in June 2025. Furthermore, we have started discussions with a number of pharmaceutical companies
(including multinational corporations (“MNCs”)) or investment institutions for the licensing or co-development of our
innovative drug pipelines, and explored international commercialization cooperation with our overseas partners for our
products that have been marketed or completed clinical trials in China.

In May 2025, we have been included in the MSCI Global Small-Cap Index, reflecting the authoritative index compiler’s
recognition of our high growth, and also helping us to obtain close attention and key allocation of global funds,
injecting strong impetus into our future development.

Apart from the abovementioned achievements, we also believe the following strengths and progress have contributed
towards our success and differentiated us from other biopharmaceutical companies.




8          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                        RISK-BALANCED PRODUCT PIPELINE

                                        We, through years of efforts and dedication, have incubated a robust and risk-balanced portfolio, which brings us clear short-term commercial visibility and allows
                                        us to pursue long-term sustainable growth. Specifically, our portfolio, including four products approved for marketing, one candidates under BLA review and
                                        six candidates under clinical trials, as of the date of this report, focuses on popular key therapeutic areas including oncology, metabolism, autoimmunity, and
                                        ophthalmology, which entail significant unmet needs and potential in China and overseas markets.

                                        The following table summarizes our Commercialized Products and drug candidate pipeline under development in China and worldwide across various therapeutic
                                        areas as of the date of this report:

                                                                                            Product                                                                                                          Clinical
                                                                         Therapeutic area   (reference drug)          Target               Indication                                          Territory   trial region   Pre-clinical     IND        Phase 1a      Phase 1b/2        Phase 3       BLA filed       Launched

                                                                                            BA1106                    CD25                 Gastric cancer, HCC, lung cancer, etc.               Global       China

                                                                                            BA1202                    CEA/CD3 (2:1)        CRC, pancreatic duct adenocarcinoma, etc.            Global       China
                                                                                                                                           Gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, and esophageal
                                                                                            BA1301                    Claudin 18.2 ADC                                                          Global       China
                                                                                                                                           cancer
                                                                         Oncology
                                                                                                                                           Melanoma, lung cancer, breast cancer, pancreatic                  China
                                                                                            BA1302                    CD228 ADC                                                                 Global
                                                                                                                                           cancer, etc.                                                                                              IND approved
                                                                                                                                                                                                               US

                                                                                            BA1304                    EGFR/B7H3 ADC        Lung cancer, esophageal cancer, CRC, etc.            Global       China

                                                                                            PR201                     PD-1/IL-2            NSCLC, CRC, melanoma, etc.                           Global       China
INTERIM REPORT 2025                      Innovative Antibody Portfolio



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Mainland Rights for Respiratory Disease
                                                                                            BA2101                    IL4R (Long-Acting)   Atopic dermatitis, asthma, COPD etc.                 Global       China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Indications of BA2101 given to Joincare
                                                                         Autoimmune
                                                                                            PR203                     TL1A/IL-23           Inflammatory bowel disease, etc.                     Global       China


                                                                                                                                           mCRC, advanced metastatic or recurrent NSCLC,
                                                                                                                                                                                                             China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                            Boyounuo® (BA1101,                             recurrent glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian,
                                                                                                                      VEGF                 fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer,         Global
                                                                                            an Avastin® biosimilar)
                                                                                                                                           cervical cancer and hepatocellular carcinoma
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Brazil                                                                                             BLA accepted

                                                                                            Boluojia® (BA1102,                                                                                               China                                                          Promotion rights in HK&Macau given to Kexing
                                                                                                                      RANKL                Bone metastases from solid tumors, and GCTB          Global
                                                                         Oncology           Xgeva® biosimilar)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Overseas                                              Patient enrollment of phase 3 completed, rights in Brazil licensed to partner
                                                                                                                                           Melanoma, NSCLC, malignant pleural                                China
                                                                                                                                           mesothelioma, RCC, cHL, SCCHN, urothelial
                                                                                            BA1104                                         carcinoma, colorectal
                                                                                            (Opdivo®                  PD-1                 cancer, HCC, esophageal cancer, gastric cancer,      Global
                                                                                            biosimilar)                                    gastroesophageal junction cancer, and                           Overseas                      Completed communication with FDA and waived Phase 3
                                                                                                                                           esophageal adenocarcinoma
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Promotion rights of mainland given to Qingdao Conson,
                                         Biosimilar Portfolio

                                                                                            Boyoubei® (BA6101,                                                                                               China                                                         promotion rights of HK&Macau given to Kexing
                                                                                                                      RANKL                Osteoporosis                                         Global
                                                                                            Prolia® biosimilar)                                                                                                                                                  Patient enrollment of phase 3 completed, rights in Brazil licensed to partner
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Overseas
                                                                         Metabolism
                                                                                            Boyouping®                                                                                                       China
                                                                                            (BA5101,Trulicity®        GLP-1                Type 2 diabetes                                      Global
                                                                                            biosimilar)                                                                                                    Overseas                                    IND approved by FDA

                                                                                            Boyoujing® (BA9101,                                                                                              China                                          BLA accepted; Promotion Rights given to OcuMension Therapeutics
                                                                         Ophthalmology                                VEGF                 wAMD, RVO, DME, and DR                               Global
                                                                                            Eylea® biosimilar)
SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Overseas




9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Commercialized products

Boyounuo® (BA1101, bevacizumab injection): an anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection and a
biosimilar to Avastin® independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China in April 2021. As of the date of this report, Boyounuo®
has been approved for 6 indications (mCRC, advanced metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer, recurrent
glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, cervical cancer and hepatocellular
carcinoma) and all its indications has been included in the NRDL.

•    In May 2025, Boyounuo® has been approved for marketing in Macau.

•    Apart from China, it is also under BLA review in Brazil.

Boyoubei® (BA6101, 60mg denosumab injection): a human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody of the
RANK ligand and the first biosimilar to Prolia® independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of postmenopausal women with
osteoporosis at high risk for fracture in November 2022. It has been included in the NRDL and we have granted
Qingdao Conson Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Conson”) the exclusive right to commercialize Boyoubei® in
Chinese Mainland.

•    In May 2025, it has been approved for marketing in Macau.

•    Apart from China, we have completed the enrollment of all subjects for an international multicenter phase
     3 clinical study of denosumab injection in Europe, the U.S., and Japan and the clinical study is progressing
     well. According to the Guidelines by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and the Japanese
     Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (“PMDA”) and based on our discussions with the FDA, EMA and
     PMDA, after completion of this phase 3 clinical study, we can submit BLAs for BA6101 for all the approved
     indications as Prolia® in the U.S., Europe, and Japan, respectively.

Boluojia® (BA1102, 120mg denosumab injection): a fully human IgG2 anti-RANKL monoclonal antibody and a
biosimilar to Xgeva® independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of giant cell tumor of bone that is
unresectable or where surgical resection is likely to result in severe morbidity in adults and skeletally mature
adolescents (defined as having at least one mature long bone and with body weight≥45 kg) in May 2024. At the same
time, we are working on the BLA of Boluojia® in China for the indications of bone metastases from solid tumors and
multiple myeloma.

•    In February 2025, the phase 3 clinical trial results of BA1102 were published in Journal of Bone Oncology.

•    In May 2025, it has been approved for marketing in Macau.

•    Apart from China, we have completed the enrollment of all subjects for an international multicenter phase 3
     clinical study of denosumab injection in Europe, the U.S., and Japan and the clinical study is progressing well.
     According to the Guidelines by the FDA, EMA and PMDA and based on our discussions with the FDA, EMA
     and PMDA, after completion of this phase 3 clinical study, we can submit BLAs for BA1102 for all the approved
     indications as Xgeva® in the U.S., Europe, and Japan, respectively.


10         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Boyouping® (BA5101, dulaglutide injection): a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist and
a biosimilar to Trulicity® independently developed by us.

•   In April 2025, the phase 3 clinical trial results of BA5101 have been published in Journal of Diabetes.

•   In August 2025, it has been approved for marketing in China for glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes.
    Boyouping® is the first and only biosimilar to Trulicity® approved for marketing in the world. In China, no other
    dulaglutide biosimilar is in the BLA stage yet. We are partnering with Shaphar to commercialize this drug in the
    Chinese Mainland.

Products to be commercialized in the near future

BA9101 (aflibercept intravitreous injection): a recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor receptor
antibody fusion protein ophthalmic injection and a biosimilar to Eylea®.

Aflibercept is widely used as a first-line treatment for Neovascular (Wet) Age-Related Macular Degeneration (nAMD),
Diabetic Macular Edema (DME), Macular Edema Following Retinal Vein Occlusion (RVO), Diabetic Retinopathy (DR),
Visual Impair due to Myopic Choroidal Neovascularization (mCNV) and Retinopathy of Prematurity (ROP) worldwide,
and its future market is promisingly driven by the demand in the clinical practice. We have granted Ocumension
Therapeutics (a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”) with stock code: 1477) an exclusive right to promote and commercialize BA9101 in Chinese Mainland. In
July 2024, the BLA for this drug has been accepted by the CDE of NMPA in China.

BA1104 (nivolumab injection): a monoclonal antibody that can enhance the immune response of T cells against
tumors by preventing the programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor from binding to its ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is
a biosimilar to Opdivo® independently developed by us.

Being a broad-spectrum anticancer medication, Nivolumab has been approved for multiple indications both in China
and abroad. These include its use as a neoadjuvant, an adjuvant, or a first-line or later-line therapy for advanced
cancers. It can be used as a standalone treatment, in combination with chemotherapy, or alongside with novel
immune checkpoint inhibitors. Nivolumab has become a product of basic therapy for a variety of solid tumors. In
October 2023, the first patient in the phase 3 clinical trial of BA1104 in China was enrolled. As the date of this report,
this phase 3 clinical trial is well progressing.

•   In March 2025, we have held a BPD type 2b meeting with the FDA. The FDA has agreed on a “streamlined”
    clinical approach for BA1104, which means only one PK similarity study (phase 1) is sufficient to support the
    submission of BLA in the U.S., and the comparative clinical study (CCS, phase 3) is not needed. In addition,
    the FDA has agreed on the design of this study, including the subject population, the sample size, the dose,
    the treatment duration, and the clinical endpoints. In comparison to a traditional approach with separate phase
    1 and phase 3 trials, this “streamlined” single clinical trial approach is projected to significantly reduce clinical
    development costs and shorten the clinical development timeline.




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Other pipeline products in phase1/2 clinical trials

BA2101: a long-acting human monoclonal antibody of the IgG4 subtype that targets interleukin-4 receptor subunit ē
(IL-4Rē) independently developed by us.

The investigational drug can inhibit IL-4 and IL-13 signaling simultaneously, regulate the Th2 inflammatory pathway,
and reduce eosinophils and circulating IgE levels. It is intended to be used for treating allergic diseases caused by
Th2 inflammation. We have obtained regulatory approval to conduct clinical trials of BA2101 for indications including
atopic dermatitis, asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (“COPD”), chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps,
prurigo nodularis, and chronic spontaneous urticaria. Compared to drugs with the same target which usually
require dosing every two weeks, BA2101 can remain active for a longer period of time. Preclinical studies show that
BA2101 has a longer half-life in cynomolgus monkeys than a marketed product with the same target, a feature that
is expected to enable dosing once every four weeks in humans. Results of the completed phase 1 clinical trial show
that BA2101 has a longer half-life and lower clearance rate than the marketed product. We have completed the
phase 1 clinical trial of BA2101 in 2023 and initiated a phase 2 clinical trial of BA2101 in January 2024. In addition,
we have granted Joincare Pharmaceutical Group Industry Co., Ltd. (“Joincare”) the exclusive right to develop and
commercialize BA2101 in Chinese Mainland for treating respiratory diseases such as asthma and COPD.

BA1106: a non-IL-2 blocking anti-CD25 antibody independently developed by us.

BA1106 is the first investigational anti-CD25 antibody to start clinical trials in China for treating solid tumors.
Regulatory T cells (Tregs) drive immunosuppression in the tumor microenvironment by inhibiting the antitumor effects
of various immune cells, such as T cells. Tregs are present in a wide range of malignancies, including cervical cancer,
renal cancer, ovarian cancer, melanoma, pancreatic cancer, hepatocellular cancer, gastric cancer, and breast
cancer, etc. The elevated level of Tregs is associated with poor survival. CD25, also known as interleukin-2 receptor
alpha (IL-2Rē), is highly expressed in Tregs, making it a high-potential target for a broad spectrum of antitumor
immunotherapies. Antibodies targeting CD25 can delete Tregs and enhance anti-tumor activity of T cells. However,
developing anti-CD25 antibodies faces two major challenges. The first is that CD25 is also expressed at low levels
in Effector T cells (“Teffs”), so anti-CD25 antibodies with high activities may delete Teffs unspecifically while targeting
Tregs. The second is that anti-CD25 antibodies tend to block IL-2 signaling, thereby suppressing the antitumor
activity of T cells.

BA1106 is able to overcome both challenges thanks to molecular engineering design. In vitro activity assays show
that BA1106 has a “moderate” antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity: it can effectively deplete Tregs in which
CD25 is highly expressed to relieve immunosuppression while sparing Teffs with a relative low CD25 expression. In
this process, BA1106 does not interfere with the IL-2 signaling pathway, ensuring the functioning of Teffs in immune
responses.




12         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In 2023, BA1106 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As of the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical trial is well
progressing. We have completed the monotherapy part of this clinical trial.

•   In April 2025, the early results from a multicenter, open-label, first-in-human phase 1 clinical trial have been
    presented at the 2025 AACR. As of the trial’s data cutoff, 31 patients with relapsed or refractory advanced solid
    tumors have received at least one dose of BA1106. The early results are as follows: (i) BA1106 has the potential
    for treating multiple types of solid tumors. In the 31 patients who had progressed following prior systemic
    treatments, including immunotherapies, BA1106 induced tumor shrinkage and durable disease stabilization
    across multiple tumor types. Patients who were the earliest to receive BA1106 have been treated for over one
    year; (ii) BA1106’s pharmacodynamic (“PD”) profile matches its intended mechanism of action. Peripheral Tregs
    were selectively depleted, the effector-to-regulatory T-cell ratio increased markedly, and no Teff-depletion was
    observed, underscoring a favorable PD profile; (iii) BA1106 is safe and tolerable. Maximum tolerated dose was
    not reached and no any treatment-related serious adverse event (“SAE”) was reported up to the highest tested
    dose of 1.2 mg/kg. The overall incidences of SAE, treatment-related adverse events, and skin toxicity were low
    for BA1106, consistent with the candidate’s moderate Treg-depletion activity; and (iv) BA1106 demonstrated a
    good PK profile with low immunogenicity, and its anti-drug antibody detections were uniformly negative.

•   In June 2025, the dose escalation clinical trial of BA1106 in combination with BA1104 began patient enrollment.

BA1301: an ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2 independently developed by us.

BA1301 for injection is our first novel ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2. It employs a site-specific conjugation
technology to connect the cytotoxic payload with a monoclonal antibody that targets Claudin 18.2. This enables the
cytotoxic payload to be directed to the tumor site through the targeting characteristics of the antibody. Such design
reduces the toxic side effects of the cytotoxic payload, thus improving the therapeutic window, while retaining its
tumor-killing effect.

In 2023, BA1301 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As of the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical trial is well
progressing. We have completed the monotherapy dose-escalation part of this clinical trial and are undergoing the
dose expansion part.

BA1301 has been granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of gastric cancer, including cancer of
gastroesophageal junction and pancreatic cancer.

BA1302: a novel CD228-directed ADC independently developed by us.

CD228 is highly expressed in various solid tumors, including melanoma, breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer,
mesothelioma, colorectal cancer and pancreatic cancer, with low expression in normal tissues, making CD228 an
ideal target. BA1302 employs a cleavable hydrophilic linker to conjugate the cytotoxic payload MMAE to an anti-
CD228 monoclonal antibody via the cysteines in hinge region. This enables the antibody to specifically deliver the
payload into the tumor tissues, exerting anti-tumor effects while reducing the toxicity and expanding the therapeutic
window.




                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Preclinical studies demonstrated that BA1302 was highly potent in internalization and the bystander effect, effectively
inhibiting tumor growth in various patient-derived xenograft models, indicating that it is a promising drug candidate
either as a monotherapy or in combination with other therapies in pan-tumor indications. Compared with marketed
ADCs utilizing MMAE as the payload, BA1302 exhibited a longer half-life, higher exposure, and more favorable safety
profile in cynomolgus monkeys.

In July 2024, BA1302 has been approved to initiate clinical trials for treating multiple types of advanced solid tumors
in China. This is the first CD228 targeted novel ADC drug candidate approved for clinical trials in China. As the date
of this report, this clinical trial is progressing well.

•    In March 2025, it has been granted the ODD for the treatment of sqNSCLC and pancreatic cancer by the FDA,
     respectively.

•    In June 2025, it has been approved by the FDA to initiate clinical trials in the U.S.

Other pipeline products in pre-clinical stage

BA1304: a bispecific ADC targeting B7-H3 and EGFR independently developed by us.

It is constructed via glycan-based site-specific conjugation technology, intended for multiple tumor indications, such as
lung cancer, colon cancer, bladder cancer, kidney cancer, and esophageal cancer. BA1304 utilizes a “1+1” common
light chain format, which contributes to its excellent developability and high homogeneity. BA1304 employs multiple
anti-tumor mechanisms of action, including potent ADC-mediated cytotoxicity, enhanced blockade of EGFR signaling,
efficient internalization mediated by both EGFR and B7-H3, and antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. The
bispecific design enhances binding to tumor cells co-expressing EGFR and B7-H3 while reducing binding to normal
tissues expressing only a single target. This selectivity significantly lowers the risk of on-target off-tumor toxicity. In
non-human primate studies, maximal tolerable dose exceeded 60 mg/kg. BA1304 employs Exatecan as its payload,
enabling it to overcome drug resistance and demonstrate broad-spectrum anti-tumor potential. In a variety of solid
tumor models, BA1304 has shown potent in vitro cytotoxicity against cancer cells with varying target expression
levels, including B7-H3 low/EGFR low, B7-H3 high/EGFR low, B7-H3 low/EGFR high, and B7-H3 high/EGFR high.

•    As the date of this report, it is under pre-clinical stage.

PR201: a PD-1/IL-2 antibody-cytokine fusion protein independently developed by us.

It is a prodrug and employs a symmetric structure, which is conducive to stable and controllable manufacturing
processes. The proprietary anti-PD-1 antibody component has high affinity and potent activity, efficiently blocking
the PD-1 signaling pathway while enabling selective delivery of Interleukin-2 (“IL-2”). The IL-2 moiety incorporates
a masking design that enables its selective release within the tumor via two mechanisms: cis-activation and tumor
microenvironment-specific enzymatic cleavage. This architecture mitigates potential systemic toxicity. PR201 has
demonstrated excellent anti-tumor efficacy in multiple tumor models where anti-PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies were
ineffective or showed limited activity.

•    As the date of this report, it is under pre-clinical stage.




14          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




PR203: a bispecific antibody targeting TL1A and IL23p19 independently developed by us.

Its potential indications include inflammatory bowel disease, psoriasis, and psoriatic arthritis, etc. The antibodies in
PR203 were selected based on their high activity and low immunogenicity, thereby enhancing PR203’s prospects for
successful development. The anti-TL1A antibody, derived from the BA-huMab® platform, binds to a unique epitope
and exhibits excellent neutralizing activity. Its bispecific design, incorporating a novel 1+1 format and Fc engineering
for half-life extension, exhibits favorable developability and potent efficacy both in vitro and in vivo. The successful
development of a high-concentration formulation for PR203 allows for convenient subcutaneous administration. In
summary, PR203 demonstrates outstanding performance and rapid progress, with the potential to be first/best-in-
class.

•   As the date of this report, it is under pre-clinical stage.

STRONG R&D CAPABILITIES

We have a fully-fledged proprietary R&D technology platform focusing on antibody discovery and drug development.
We have R&D teams and facilities located in Yantai and Nanjing in China and Boston in the U.S., with rich experience
and strong track records in drug discovery and development. In terms of technology, we boast proprietary Human
Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology Platform, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology Platform,
ADC Technology Platform, and Cell Therapy Technology Platform which we believe these will provide us with great
technological support.

We take pride in our strong chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”) capability which is the backbone of the
quality and cost efficiency that we have maintained throughout the process of our drug development and commercial
production, especially in cell line development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-
analytical method development as well as technology transfer. Our CMC function establishes practical qualitative
and quantitative standards for us to maintain product quality and effectively progresses drug discovery to actual
manufacturing.

Our strong CMC capability accumulated through the years of effort has shortened drug development time and
enabled speed to market. We believe such capability is a formidable barrier to competitors and has paved the way for
our first-mover advantage.

Our high caliber R&D team has outstanding execution capability in drug development with a proven track record.
As of 30 June 2025, our R&D team consisted of 254 experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery
research, biotechnology research, biopharmaceutical analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical
research, pilot process research, clinical research, regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property
and other R&D functions, most of whom had R&D and clinical experience of more than seven years.

As a biopharmaceutical company, we are keenly aware of the importance of establishing and protecting our
intellectual property rights. We have filed a number of patent applications for our drug candidates in various
jurisdictions, and expect to rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property
rights, as well as employee and third party confidentiality agreements, for safeguarding our intellectual properties. As
of the date of this report, we have been granted 50 patents and have 43 pending patent applications worldwide.




                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Underpinned by our strong R&D capability, we have published 20 research papers in world renowned academic
journals including Cell Discovery of Nature, Antibody Therapeutics, and Cancer Communications, introducing our
research breakthroughs on some of our drug candidates.

In March 2025, with differentiated product portfolio, excellent innovation capabilities, comprehensive
biopharmaceutical platform and increasingly mature commercialization capabilities, we have demonstrated innovative
breakthrough power and high growth, and been awarded as the annual “Top 100 Innovation and Breakthrough
Enterprises” by BIOCHINA. In August 2025, we have also awarded as the 2025 “Top 101 Innovative Pharmaceutical
Companies in China” by the 7th China Pharmaceutical Industry Expo (CMC Pharmaceutical Expo).

STRONG MANUFACTURING CAPABILITY WITH HIGH QUALITY AND COST
EFFICIENCY

We have a sizable pilot and commercial production site located in Yantai, China. We employ a robust quality
management system for the Yantai site that meets various quality standards such as good manufacturing practice set
by the relevant regulatory authorities of China and the EU Quality Person (“QP”). We have passed a number of audits
in China and the EU QP. Our Yantai site, having a total gross floor area of approximately 84,474 sq.m., houses a
number of production lines with a total capacity of 2,000L for pilot production and 9,000L for commercial production,
as well as two formulation filling lines for both pilot and commercial production as of the date of this report. Our
manufacturing system, including production, quality, engineering and etc., managed by a strong and integrated team,
has a total of 393 employees as of 30 June 2025.

Apart from production capacity, our proprietary manufacturing capability, such as perfusion culture and fed-batch
culture, provides flexibility and improves the throughput and production efficiency. Our Yantai site is also highly
versatile, adaptable to manufacturing drugs targeting different antibodies, and is capable of producing various
formulations. To further improve production cost efficiency, we utilize digital management in our production.

While improving production efficiency and scale, we are also practicing the concept of green and sustainable
development. By formulating a sound environmental management system, we improve resource utilization, promote
energy conservation and emission reduction, accelerate the application of artificial intelligence, promote digital
transformation, and promote the high quality development of enterprises.

WELL-ESTABLISHED COMMERCIALIZATION CAPABILITY

We have successfully expanded our commercial portfolio into four products (Boyounuo®, Boyoubei®, Boluojia® and
Boyouping®) spanning over multiple therapeutic areas.

During the Reporting Period, we have increased product revenue by 15.9% to RMB385.3 million, compared to
RMB332.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, mainly driven by the stable sales of our first marketed
product Boyounuo® (bevacizumab injection) coupled with strong growth of our second marketed product Boyoubei®
(denosumab injection).

Leveraging our well-established and demonstrated commercialization capability backed by marketing strategies
implemented by our dedicated sales and marketing team, we believe that we are well positioned to achieve speed
to market and rapid ramp-up of product sales. Internally, we have a dedicated in-house sales and marketing team
with extensive industry experience, and they develop and implement marketing and sales initiatives and plans for our
product and drug candidates in their scheduled rollouts. Externally, we collaborate with various resourceful business
partners which lay the foundation for our strong commercialization capability. Our collaboration with experienced
third-party promoters effectively publicizes and maximizes market potential of our products.


16        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




We had an extensive distribution network of more than 191 distributors as of 30 June 2025, penetrating selected
regions and reaching more than 3,112 target hospitals and institutions in China.

In May 2025, our 60mg and 120mg denosumab injection (Boyoubei® and Boluojia®) have been approved for
marketing in Macau. In August 2025, our fourth product Boyouping® has been approved for glycemic control in
adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Boyouping® is the first and only biosimilar to Trulicity® approved for marketing in
the world. In China, no other dulaglutide biosimilar is in the BLA stage yet.

EXTENSIVE COLLABORATION WITH VARIOUS RESOURCEFUL BUSINESS PARTNERS

We have explored a number of cooperations with well-known domestic and foreign companies in various fields as of
the date of this report.

For our launched products in China, we have granted Qingdao Conson the exclusive right to promote Boyoubei®
in Chinese Mainland since 2023. In January 2025, we have granted the promotion rights of denosumab injection
(BA6101 and BA1102) in Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR to Kexing. In June 2025, we have granted Shaphar
the exclusive right to market and distribute Boyouping® through all channels in the Chinese Mainland. We and
Shaphar will work together to enhance both the accessibility and the market coverage of the drug. As a leading
distributor of pharmaceuticals in China, Shaphar has established a nationwide distribution network covering over
70,000 healthcare institutions across 25 provinces, with a sales & marketing team of nearly 1,000 people. With its
strong expertise in integrated sales & marketing across channels as well as its extensive distribution network, we
will distribute Boyouping® to hospitals, retail pharmacy chains, and DTP pharmacies throughout China at the fastest
speed possible.

For our pipeline products in China, we have granted OcuMension Therapeutics the exclusive right to promote
BA9101 in Chinese Mainland after its launch. In addition, we have granted Joincare the exclusive right to the
development, registration, manufacturing, and commercialization of BA2101 for the treatment of asthma, COPD and
other respiratory system diseases in Chinese Mainland in January 2024.

In the overseas market, we have signed a licensing agreement for commercializing denosumab injection (BA6101 and
BA1102) in the Brazilian market with a strategic partner in 2024. In June 2025, we have granted Kexing the exclusive
right to market and distribute BA9101 in all countries and regions in the world except for the Chinese Mainland,
the EU, the U.K., the U.S., and Japan. In addition, we have started discussions with a number of pharmaceutical
companies (including MNCs) or investment institutions for the licensing or co-development of our innovative drug
pipelines, and explored international commercialization cooperation with our overseas partners for our products that
have been marketed or completed clinical trials in China.

For technology platform, we have also entered into an agreement with the Zencore Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Zencore
Biologics”) in 2024, authorizing Zencore Biologics to use our self-developed stable cell line development platform
non-exclusively, BA-HIEXcell® for the development of antibodies and therapeutic proteins in Chinese Mainland. BA-
HIEXcell® is a cutting-edge platform in the industry in terms of both the efficiency and the expression levels in cell line
development.

For manufacturing and quality management, we have signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Qingdao Haier
Biomedical Co., Ltd. (“Haier Biomedical”) in 2024. According to the agreement, Haier Biomedical will upgrade the
digital system and customize digital scenario solutions for us, including the EMS DataManager data analysis, QC-
Sample Manager sample management system, EBR electronic batch record and other business areas, so as to
improve the digital level of our manufacturing process and quality management. At the same time, the two parties will
give full play to their respective resource advantages and explore the development and innovation direction of digital
transformation of the pharmaceutical industry by using cutting-edge technologies such as digital analysis, automation,
and AI integration.

                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                   17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




POST RESULTS OUTLOOK

We have recorded revenue of RMB393.4 million and net profit of RMB20.5 million for the six months ended 30 June
2025. This is our third consecutive reporting period with a positive profit contribution, representing that we are one of
the few Biotech Companies (as defined under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)) listed under Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules having capabilities in
generating continuous positive earnings. With the launch of more than 3 new products in the next 2 years, we expect
that our revenue and profit will grow continuously.

In August 2025, our fourth product Boyouping® was successfully approved for marketing. Boyouping® is the first and
only biosimilar to Trulicity® approved for marketing in the world. In China, no other dulaglutide biosimilar is in the BLA
stage yet. China has the largest diabetic population among all countries, accounting for 1/4 of the global total. There
were 589 million adults aged 20 to 79 living with diabetes worldwide in 2024, and 148 million of them were from
China. These numbers are expected to rise to 853 million and 168 million respectively by 2050. Driven by the huge
unmet demands, the market looks promising for long-acting GLP-1 drugs. According to data from IQVIA, the market
size for GLP-1 drugs in China was RMB6.376 billion in 2024, and according to publicly available data, the sales of
Trulicity® were approximately USD5.25 billion worldwide in 2024. This product will bring new treatment options for
patients with related diseases, and will also bring new growth to our product sales. We are partnering with Shaphar
to commercialize this drug in the Chinese Mainland. In addition, we have submitted BLA applications for BA9101 in
China, which are expected to be approved for marketing in China in the fourth quarter of 2025. BA9101 are expected
to be the second Eylea® biosimilar approved in China. Boyouping and BA9101 will provide a strong source of growth
for our products revenue, especially the following two years.

In terms of internationalization, our denosumab injection has completed the enrollment of all subjects in the
international multi-center clinical trial in Europe, the U.S. and Japan, which will be completed by the end of 2025. We
plan to submit BLA for two denosumab injections (BA6101 and BA1102) in the U.K. by the end of 2025 and the U.S.
in 2026. In addition, we plan to license the overseas rights of Boyouping® and BA1104 to overseas partners in the
second half of 2025. Among them, Boyouping® has been approved for clinical trial in the U.S. and BA1104 has been
exempted from phase 3 clinical trials in the U.S. These initiatives will continue to deepen our global capabilities and
business coverage.

In terms of innovative drugs, three of them entered into important part of clinical trials. Our BA1106 (anti-CD25
antibody) has completed the monotherapy part of phase 1 clinical trial and the early stage data has been disclosed at
the 2025 AACR. In addition, the combination therapy of BA1106 and anti PD-1 antibody has also been initiated, and
it is expected to obtain the phased results within 2025. BA1301 (Claudin18.2 ADC) has completed the monotherapy
dose escalation part of phase 1 clinical trial and is undergoing the dose expansion part of phase 1 clinical trial.
The trial is scheduled to be completed in 2025 and the phased clinical data will be disclosed in the 2025 ESMO.
BA1302 (CD228 ADC) is undergoing the monotherapy dose escalation of phase 1 clinical trial and is expected to be
completed in 2025. The relevant clinical results will also be presented and published in international academic journals
or academic forums. In addition, we have a number of pre-clinical candidates with innovative mechanism expected to
file IND in the next two years, including: PR203 (TL1A/IL23 antibody), PR201 (PD-1/IL-2 probody) and BA1304 (EGFR/
B7H3 bispecific ADC). We have started discussions with a number of pharmaceutical companies (including MNCs) or
investment institutions for the licensing or co-development of these innovative drug pipelines. With such a wealth of
R&D progress, we hope that there will be some opportunities for global cooperation reached in the next two years.




18         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In addition to the above developments, since the beginning of this year, investors have gradually regained their
enthusiasm for investing in China’s capital market. Thanks to the better capital market environment, we successfully
conducted two placements and obtained sufficient funds for better development. We will reasonably and effectively use
the relevant proceeds to accelerate the commercialization process of marketed and upcoming products, accelerate
the clinical development of innovative drugs, and verify and bring more potential targets to clinical trials, so as to
further consolidate our profitability and innovation capabilities.

In terms of manufacturing, we will further improve production efficiency and reduce production costs through
initiatives such as intelligent manufacturing and process improvement to support the global supply demand of our
products and the potential risk of price reductions.

In summary, we believe that we could maintain sustained profitability and be able to further improve the Company’s
development potential and market competitiveness through continuous innovation and scientific management.

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB393.4 million, as
compared to RMB362.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately
RMB30.5 million, or 8.4%. The increase was mainly attributable to the sustained growth of sales of products
(Boyounuo®, Boyoubei® and Boluojia®) of 15.9% to RMB385.3 million as compared with that for the six months
ended 30 June 2024.

Cost of Sales

Our cost of sales amounted to RMB110.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, which accounted for
approximately 28.2% of our total revenue for the same period (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: 22.1%). The
increase in cost ratio was mainly due to the decrease in high-margin licensing revenue in the current period.

Gross Profit

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB282.6 million,
which remained stable as compared with that for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

Other Income and Gains

Other income and gains consist of government grants, bank interest income and others. Government grants mainly
represent subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s R&D activities and operation.
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s other income and gains decreased to RMB2.6 million, as
compared to RMB36.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately
RMB33.5 million. The decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease in government grants recognised during the
Period.




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Administrative Expenses

Our administrative expenses decreased from RMB24.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB23.2
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily because of the decrease in share-based payment expense.

Selling and Distribution Expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB159.8
million, as compared to RMB134.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of
RMB25.6 million, or 19.1%. The increase in selling and distribution expenses was mainly in line with the revenue
growth of sales of products during the same period.

R&D Expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s recognised R&D expenses of approximately RMB58.6 million,
representing a decrease of approximately RMB27.2 million as compared with that to the six months ended 30 June
2024. The decrease in R&D expenses was mainly due to the decrease of outsourced R&D service fees paid to third
parties.

Finance Costs

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB19.5 million, as compared to
RMB12.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB6.9 million,
or 54.8%.

Income Tax Expense

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group recorded income tax expense of nil.

Profit for the Period

As a result of the above, our profit for the period amounted to RMB20.5 million for the six months ended 30 June
2025, as compared to the profit of RMB61.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

The Group’s primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, which the Group have historically
generated through the sales of products and the proceeds from the issue of shares. The Company expects that
the Group’s cash needs in the near future will primarily relate to progressing the development of its drug candidates
towards receiving regulatory approval and commencing commercialization, as well as expanding its drug candidate
portfolio. In 2025, we actively explored financing channels and managed to maintain our cash position at a stable
level for the Group’s sustainable development.

As of 30 June 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of RMB660.0 million, representing an increase of RMB461.1
million, or 231.8%, compared to RMB198.9 million as at 31 December 2024. As of 30 June 2025, the Group
had net current assets of approximately RMB547.3 million, as compared to approximately RMB307.6 million as
at 31 December 2024. The current ratio of the Group increased to approximately 1.61 as at 30 June 2025 from
approximately 1.47 as at 31 December 2024. The increase in net current assets was mainly attributable to the
proceeds from the placing of new shares in June 2025.


20        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




As of 30 June 2025, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately
RMB801.3 million, representing an increase of RMB122.4 million as compared to approximately RMB678.9 million as
at 31 December 2024.

Amongst the loans and borrowings, approximately RMB419.8 million are repayable within one year, and
approximately RMB381.5 million are repayable after one year. As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s borrowings were
primarily denominated in RMB, and the cash and cash equivalents were primarily denominated in RMB and U.S.
dollars.

Gearing Ratio

As of 30 June 2025, the gearing ratio of the Group, which is calculated by dividing total borrowings by total equity,
decreased to 39.4% from 41.3% as at 31 December 2024. The decrease was primarily due to the placing of new
shares in June 2025.

Capital Commitments

At the end of the Period, the Group had capital commitments for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment
with amounts of RMB207.4 million (31 December 2024: RMB217.3 million). They primarily relate to expenditures
expected to be incurred for the purchase of machinery and renovation of our existing laboratories and buildings.

Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

As at 30 June 2025, there were no significant investments held by the Group or future plans for significant
investments or capital assets.

The Company did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for the
six months ended 30 June 2025.

Contingent Liabilities

The Group did not have any contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2025.

Charges on Group Assets

As at 30 June 2025, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets with an aggregate
amount of RMB268.0 million were pledged to secure its bank and other borrowings.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE AND EXCHANGE RATE RISK

The Group primarily operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from fluctuations in exchange
rate between RMB and other currencies in which the Group conducts its business. The Group is subject to foreign
currency risk attributable to the bank balances that are denominated in currencies other than RMB. The Group
seeks to limit the exposure to foreign currency risk by minimising its net foreign currency position. The directors of
the Company expect that the fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate will not have a material adverse effect on the
operation of the Group.




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Hedging Activities

As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes and did not enter into any
hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk or interest rate risk.

Employees and Remuneration Policy

As at 30 June 2025, the Group employed a total of 714 employees, as compared to a total of 777 employees as
at 30 June 2024. For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the staff costs, (including Directors’ emoluments but
excluding any contributions to pension scheme), were approximately RMB61.6 million as compared to RMB86.4
million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to motivate and
retain talented employees to achieve the Group’s long term corporate goals and objectives. The Group’s employee
remuneration policy is determined by taking into account factors such as remuneration in respect of the overall
remuneration standard in the industry and employee’s performance. The management reviews the Group’s employee
remuneration policy and arrangements on a regular basis. Moreover, the social insurance contributions are made by
the Group for its PRC employees in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not hold any significant investment with a value greater than 5% of its total assets as at 30 June 2025.
The Group does not have plans for material investments or capital assets.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE AUGUST 2024 PLACING OF SHARES

On 7 August 2024, the Company has placed a total of 26,655,600 new Shares (the “August 2024 Placing Shares”),
representing approximately 4.97% of the total issued shares of the Company as enlarged by the allotment and
issue of the placing shares, at a subscription price of HK$9.50 per Placing Share to no less than six professional,
institutional and/or other investors who are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company, any
Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any of its respective
associates (the “August 2024 Placing”). The placing represented an opportunity to raise capital for the Company and
to strengthen its financial position while broadening its Shareholder base. The aggregate nominal value of the August
2024 Placing Shares was RMB26,655,600. The closing price of H shares on the Stock Exchange on 30 July 2024
(being the date of the placing agreement) was HK$9.790. For details of the placing, please refer to the Company’s
announcements dated 31 July 2024 and 7 August 2024.

To the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, the placees are third parties independent of and
not connected with the Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of
its subsidiaries, or any of their respective associates, and none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder
(as defined under the Listing Rules) of the Company as a result of the placing. The Company has received total net
proceeds from the placing (after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses borne or incurred by the Company)
of approximately HK$250.68 million. The net placing price, after deducting such fees, costs and expenses, is
therefore approximately HK$9.40 per Placing Share. As at the date of this report, the usage of the proceeds from the
August 2024 Placing was as follows:




22         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                    Approximate        Approximate           amount of
                                                Approximate          utilization of     utilization of    net proceeds
                                                 allocation of      net proceeds       net proceeds           unutilized
                                                net proceeds                  as at              as at             as at
                                                as previously       31 December               30 June           30 June
 Use of proceeds                                    disclosed                 2024               2025              2025
                                               (HKD in million)    (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)

 Research and development of:                           125.3                 87.2             125.3                   –
 (i) the phase 3 clinical trial and
        marketing registration of BA1104
        in China
 (ii) the international multi-center
        phase 3 clinical trial and marketing
        registration of Denosumab
        Injection (BA6101 and BA1102)
        in Europe, the United States, and
        Japan
 (iii) the clinical trials of various
        innovative product candidates
 Commercialization of Boyounuo,                           50.1                24.1               50.1                  –
      Boyoubei and Boluojia
 Replenish the Company’s working                          75.3                57.7               75.3                  –
      capital and for general corporate
      purposes

 Total                                                  250.7               169.0              250.7                   –

Accordingly, as at 30 June 2025, the Company has fully utilized all of the net proceeds from the August 2024 Placing
according to the intentions previously disclosed by the Company.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE JUNE 2025 PLACING OF SHARES

On 11 June 2025, the Company has placed a total of 38,400,000 new shares (the “June 2025 Placing Shares”),
representing approximately 6.69% of its total issued shares (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the June 2025
Placing Shares), at the placing price of HK$10.42 per June 2025 Placing Share to no less than six professional,
institutional and/or other investors who are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company, any
Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any of its respective
associates (the “June 2025 Placing”) with the aim to raise capital and strengthen the Company’s financial position.
The aggregate nominal value of the June 2025 Placing Shares was RMB38,400,000. The closing price of H shares
on the Stock Exchange on 3 June 2025 (being the date of the placing agreement) was HK$12.100. For details of the
June 2025 Placing, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 4 June 2025 and 11 June 2025 (the “Placing
Announcements”). In addition, the Company provided further information on the use of proceeds from the June
2025 Placing in its announcement dated 14 August 2025 (together with the Placing Announcements, the “Previous
Announcements”). Accordingly, pursuant to the Previous Announcements, the Company shall apply the net proceeds
from the June 2025 Placing as follows: (a) approximately 50% (i.e. HKD198.15 million) will be used for research and
development of innovative product candidates, including: (i) the clinical trial of BA1106 (CD25 antibody), BA1301
(Claudin18.2 ADC) and BA1302 (CD228 ADC); (ii) non-clinical studies and clinical trial of BA1304 (EGFR/B7H3
bispecific ADC) and PR201 (PD-1/IL-2 probody); and (iii) proof of concept of other innovative product candidates with
market potential; (b) approximately 20% (i.e. HKD79.26 million) will be used for the commercialization of marketed
and upcoming products; and (c) approximately 30% (i.e. HKD118.20 million) will be used to replenish the Company’s
working capital and for general corporate purposes, specifically for (X) payments for suppliers; (Y) employee salaries
and benefits and directors’ remuneration; and (Z) other general management and administrative expenses incurred in
the course of daily operations.

                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




To the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, the placees are third parties independent of and
not connected with the Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of
its subsidiaries, or any of their respective associates, and none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder
(as defined under the Listing Rules) of the Company as a result of the placing. The Company has received total net
proceeds from the placing (after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses borne or incurred by the Company)
of approximately HK$395.6 million. The net placing price, after deducting such fees, costs and expenses, is therefore
approximately HK$10.30 per Placing Share. As at the date of this report, the usage of the net proceeds from the
June 2025 Placing was as follows:

                                                       Approximate        Approximate         Approximate            Expected
                                                        allocation of      utilization of        amount of         timeline for
                                                       net proceeds       net proceeds        net proceeds           utilisation
                                                       as previously                as at   unutilized as at      of unutilised
 Intended use of proceeds                                  disclosed      30 June 2025        30 June 2025           proceeds
                                                      (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)    (HKD in million)

 Research and development of:                                  198.2                                            By 31 December
 (i) the clinical trial of BA1106 (CD25 antibody),                                   2.0                85.8             2026.
       BA1301 (Claudin18.2 ADC) and BA1302
       (CD228 ADC)
 (ii) non-clinical studies and clinical trial of                                       –                59.7
       BA1304 (EGFR/B7H3 bispecific ADC) and
       PR201 (PD-1/IL-2 probody)
 (iii) proof of concept of other innovative product                                  0.5                50.2
       candidates with market potential
 Commercialization of marketed and upcoming                      79.3                0.2                79.1    By 31 December
       products                                                                                                          2026.
 Replenish the Company’s working capital and                   118.1                                            By 31 December
       for general corporate purposes:                                                                                   2026.
       – Payments for suppliers                                                      0.3                54.4
       – Employee salaries and benefits and                                            –                23.6
          directors’ remuneration
       – Other general management and                                                  –                39.8
          administrative expenses incurred
          in the course of daily operations


 Total                                                         395.6                 3.0               392.6


Accordingly, as at 30 June 2025, the Company had used, and proposed to use, the proceeds from the June 2025
Placing according to the intentions previously disclosed by the Company.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 14 August 2025, the Company has placed a total of 48,000,000 new shares (the “August 2025 Placing
Shares”), representing approximately 7.71% of its total issued shares (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the
August 2025 Placing Shares), at the placing price of HK$16.42 per August 2025 Placing Share to no less than six
professional, institutional and/or other investors who are third parties independent of and not connected with the
Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any
of its respective associates (the “August 2025 Placing”). For details of the August 2025 Placing, please refer to the
Company’s announcements dated 7 August 2025 and 14 August 2025.


24           SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company, or the laws of
the PRC, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares of the Company on a pro-rata basis to its existing
shareholders.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

No interim dividend was declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30
June 2024: Nil).

CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, the changes in
information of Directors of the Company subsequent to the date of the 2024 Annual Report are set out below:

(1) Mr. WANG Shenghan has been appointed as an executive Director and as a member of the environmental,
    social and governance committee of the Company (the “Environmental, Social and Governance Committee”) with
    effect from 5 June 2025;

(2) Mr. LI Shixu has been appointed as a non-executive Director and as the chairperson of the Environmental, Social
    and Governance Committee with effect from 5 June 2025;

(3) Ms. JIANG Hua has been re-designated from the chairperson to a member of each of the strategy committee of
    the Company (the “Strategy Committee”) and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee with effect
    from 5 June 2025;

(4) Dr. DOU Changlin has been re-designated from a member to the chairperson of the Strategy Committee and
    resigned as a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee;

(5) Ms. LI Li ceased to be a member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee with effect from 5
    June 2025.

Save as disclosed above and in this report, there was no change to any of the information required to be disclosed in
relation to any Director and supervisors of the Company pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                25
OTHER INFORMATION



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of
shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate
governance.

During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set
out in the CG Code, except for the following deviation:

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code

Under C.2.1 of the CG Code, the chairman and the chief executive should be separate and should not be performed
by the same individual.

Under the current organisation structure of the Company, Ms. Jiang Hua is the chairlady and chief executive officer.
With extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that Ms. Jiang Hua should continue
to assume the roles of chairman and chief executive officer during the six months ended 30 June 2025 as this
arrangement will improve the efficiency of our decision-making and execution process given her knowledge of the
Group’s affairs. The Company has put in place an appropriate check-and-balance mechanism through the Board
and its independent non-executive Directors.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms meeting the
required standards as set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and
Supervisors and the Directors and Supervisors have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code
throughout the six months ended 30 June 2025.

The Company has also adopted its own code of conduct regarding employees’ securities transactions on terms
meeting the required standard as set out in the Model Code. This ensures compliance by relevant employees who
are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company in respect of their dealings in the
Company’s securities.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

Save as disclosed in other part of this report, there was no purchase, sale and redemption of any listed securities
(including treasury shares) of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the six months ended 30
June 2025. As at 30 June 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed together with the management the accounting principles and
policies adopted by the Group, the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and interim results
announcement of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and recommended its adoption by the Board.

In addition, the independent auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, has reviewed the unaudited interim results for
the six months ended 30 June 2025 in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants.

26         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
OTHER INFORMATION




DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 30 June 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO), or which would be required, pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which would be required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”), are as follows:

(i) Interest in the Company

                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage
                                                                                                                             holding in
                                                                    Class of                       Number of           the total issued
 Name                         Nature of Interest                    Shares                           Shares              share capital


 JIANG Hua                    Beneficial owner1, 2, 3               H Shares                     9,000,000 (L)                  1.57%

 DOU Changlin                 Beneficial owner1, 2, 3               H Shares                     6,800,000 (L)                  1.18%

 WANG Shenghan                Beneficial owner1, 2, 3               H Shares                     5,060,000 (L)                  0.88%

 LIU Yuanchong                Beneficial owner1, 2, 3               H Shares                     4,000,000 (L)                  0.70%

 LI Li                        Beneficial owner1, 2, 3               H Shares                     3,500,000 (L)                  0.61%

Remark:   The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

Notes:

1.   Yantai Bolian Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博聯投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bolian”) held 4,720,000, 6,800,000
     and 820,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG, Dr. DOU and Ms. LI, respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective
     Shares held by Yantai Bolian.

2.   Yantai Bofa Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博發投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bofa”) held 1,800,000, 1,730,000,
     1,000,000 and 1,090,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG, Mr. WANG, Mr. LIU, and Ms. LI, respectively, who are deemed to be
     interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bofa.

3.   Yantai Bosheng Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博晟投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bosheng”) held 2,480,000, 3,330,000,
     3,000,000 and 1,590,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG, Mr. WANG, Mr. LIU and Ms. LI, respectively, who are deemed to be
     interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bosheng.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, none of our Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company
has any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) recorded in the register required to be kept
under section 352 of the SFO, or (ii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code.




                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                      27
OTHER INFORMATION




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2025, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) had, or deemed to have or taken to have an interest and/or short
position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Division 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                   shareholding in
                                                          Class of                Number of        the total issued
 Name of Shareholder         Nature of Interest           Shares                    Shares            share capital


 Shandong Luye              Beneficial owner1             H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               62.79%
   Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Beneficial owner1             H Shares             74,387,153 (S)               12.95%
   (“Shandong Luye”)
 Yantai Luye                Interest in a controlled      H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               62.79%
   Pharmaceutical Holdings corporation1
   Co., Ltd. (煙台綠葉醫藥 Interest in a controlled             H Shares             74,387,153 (S)               12.95%
   控股（集團）有限公司)                 corporation1
   (“Yantai Luye”)
 Luye Pharma Hong Kong Interest in a controlled           H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               62.79%
   Limited (“Luye HK”)         corporation1
                            Interest in a controlled      H Shares             74,387,153 (S)               12.95%
                               corporation1
 AsiaPharm Investments      Interest in a controlled      H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               62.79%
   Ltd. (“AsiaPharm”)          corporation1
                            Interest in a controlled      H Shares             74,387,153 (S)               12.95%
                               corporation1
 Luye Pharma Group Ltd. Interest in a controlled          H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               62.79%
   (“Luye Pharma”)             corporation1
                            Interest in a controlled      H Shares             74,387,153 (S)               12.95%
                               corporation1
 LuYe Pharmaceutical        Interest in a controlled      H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               62.79%
   Investment Co., Ltd.        corporation2
   (“LuYe Investment”)      Interest in a controlled      H Shares             74,387,153 (S)               12.95%
                               corporation2
 LuYe Pharmaceutical        Interest in a controlled      H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               62.79%
   International Co., Ltd.     corporation2
   (“LuYe International”)   Interest in a controlled      H Shares             74,387,153 (S)               12.95%
                               corporation2
 Luye Pharma Holdings       Interest in a controlled      H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               62.79%
   Limited (“Luye Holdings”) corporation2
                            Interest in a controlled      H Shares             74,387,153 (S)               12.95%
                               corporation2




28         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                                                       shareholding in
                                                                       Class of                    Number of           the total issued
 Name of Shareholder               Nature of Interest                  Shares                        Shares               share capital


 Luye Life Sciences        Interest in a controlled                    H Shares               360,596,456 (L)                   62.79%
   Group Ltd. (“Luye Life     corporation2
   Sciences”)              Interest in a controlled                    H Shares                 74,387,153 (S)                  12.95%
                              corporation2
 Nelumbo Investments       Interest in a controlled                    H Shares               360,596,456 (L)                   62.79%
   Limited (“Nelumbo”)        corporation2
                           Interest in a controlled                    H Shares                 74,387,153 (S)                  12.95%
                              corporation2
 Ginkgo (PTC) Limited      Trustee2                                    H Shares               360,596,456 (L)                   62.79%
   (“Ginkgo”)              Trustee2                                    H Shares                74,387,153 (S)                   12.95%
 Shorea LBG (“Shorea”)     Interest in a controlled                    H Shares               360,596,456 (L)                   62.79%
                              corporation2
                           Interest in a controlled                    H Shares                 74,387,153 (S)                  12.95%
                              corporation2
 LIU Dian Bo (“Mr. LIU”)   Founder of a discretionary                  H Shares               360,596,456 (L)                   62.79%
                              trust2
                           Founder of a discretionary                  H Shares                 74,387,153 (S)                  12.95%
                              trust2
 Central Huijin            Interest in a controlled                    H Shares                 74,387,153 (L)                  12.95%
   Investment Ltd.(3)         corporation
 LIU Zhen Zhen (“Ms. LIU”) Interest in a controlled                    H Shares                 47,638,668 (L)                    8.29%
                              corporation4

Remark:   The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

Notes:

1.   Shandong Luye is wholly-owned by Yantai Luye, which in turn is wholly-owned by Luye HK. Luye HK is in turn wholly-owned by
     AsiaPharm and AsiaPharm is wholly-owned by Luye Pharma. Accordingly, each of Luye Pharma, AsiaPharm, Luye HK and Yantai Luye is
     deemed under the SFO to be interested in the Shares held by Shandong Luye.

2.   Luye Pharma is beneficially owned as to approximately 33.47% by LuYe Investment. LuYe Investment is indirectly wholly-owned by
     Luye Life Sciences, through LuYe International and Luye Holdings. Luye Life Sciences is owned as to 70% by Nelumbo. The entire issued
     share capital of Nelumbo is held by Ginkgo as trustee of the family trust of Mr. LIU. Ginkgo is wholly-owned by Shorea whose sole
     shareholder is Mr. LIU. Mr. LIU is a director of Luye Pharma. For the avoidance of doubt, LuYe Investment, LuYe International, Luye
     Holdings, Luye Life Sciences, Nelumbo, Ginkgo, Shorea and Mr. LIU are not substantial shareholders of the Company.

3.   Jingu Ruida No.18 Fund Trust (“Jingu Ruida”) held the Shares as collateral. Jingu Ruida is wholly-owned by China Cinda Asset
     Management Co., Ltd. (“China Cinda”). Accordingly, China Cinda is deemed under the SFO to be interested in the Shares held by Jingu
     Ruida.

4.   Yantai Bolian, Yantai Bofa and Yantai Bosheng hold 21,415,548, 11,268,488 and 14,954,632 Shares, respectively. Ms. LIU is the
     general partner of Yantai Bolian, Yantai Bofa and Yantai Bosheng, and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Yantai
     Bolian, Yantai Bofa and Yantai Bosheng.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, the Directors are not aware of any person who had interests or
short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be
kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                        29
INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT



                               Ernst & Young                   ‫ࡋ؍‬㫵嬴㍳з⥽۱                        Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                               27/F, One Taikoo Place          ௚࢔每欧ࢅਸ਼छଳ 垹                  Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                               979 King’s Road
                                                               ‫ן‬Վⵐ▲‫ ڇ‬㶣                      ey.com
                               Quarry Bay, Hong Kong



To the board of directors of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 31 to 48, which comprises the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2025 and the related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and
explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation
of this interim financial information in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this
interim financial information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our
agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that
might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
27 August 2025




30         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                                 (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                     Notes         RMB’000         RMB’000


REVENUE                                                                4             393,410          362,942
Cost of sales                                                                       (110,826)          (80,314)


Gross profit                                                                        282,584           282,628

Other income and gains                                                                 2,584             36,140
Research and development costs                                                       (58,572)           (85,798)
Administrative expenses                                                              (23,175)           (24,308)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                   (159,793)         (134,238)
Other expenses                                                                        (3,582)              (156)
Finance costs                                                                        (19,532)           (12,596)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                      5             20,514            61,672

Income tax expense                                                     6                   –                  –


PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                                20,514            61,672


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                               20,514            61,672


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                              (76)               (74)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                                              (76)               (74)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                            20,438            61,598


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                               20,438            61,598


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                8                0.04              0.12




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          31
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
30 June 2025



                                                                           30 June    31 December
                                                                              2025           2024
                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                              Notes       RMB’000         RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                              567,939         594,765
Advance payments for property, plant and equipment and
   intangible assets                                                         63,766         47,224
Right-of-use assets                                                           4,035         10,035
Intangible assets                                                         1,360,339      1,242,984


Total non-current assets                                                  1,996,079      1,895,008


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                                142,720         168,251
Trade and notes receivables                                     9          527,069         453,604
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                             96,791         128,520
Pledged deposits                                                            12,008           7,038
Cash and cash equivalents                                                  659,966         198,867


Total current assets                                                      1,438,554        956,280


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                                –           1,787
Trade and notes payables                                       10          211,696         213,594
Other payables and accruals                                                147,197         168,096
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                 419,751         254,047
Due to related parties                                        12(c)        112,566          11,157


Total current liabilities                                                  891,210         648,681


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                         547,344         307,599


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                     2,543,423      2,202,607




32          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
30 June 2025




                                                                                   30 June    31 December
                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                                        –             4,807
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                         381,515           424,898
Government grants                                                                    5,254             5,342
Other non-current liabilities                                                      123,522           123,522


Total non-current liabilities                                                      510,291           558,569


Net assets                                                                        2,033,132      1,644,038


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                                       574,334        535,934
Reserves                                                                          1,458,798      1,108,104


Total equity                                                                      2,033,132      1,644,038




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        33
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                                         Safety     Exchange
                                               Share         Share          Other    production    fluctuation Accumulated         Total
                                              capital     premium*      reserves*      reserve*       reserve*     losses*        equity
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


At 1 January 2025 (audited)                    535,934     1,532,321      126,048         7,235         1,758      (559,258)   1,644,038
Profit for the period                                –             –            –             –             –        20,514       20,514
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations                                 –            –             –             –           (76)            –          (76)


Total comprehensive income for the period            –            –             –             –           (76)      20,514        20,438
Issue of shares                                 38,400      327,725             –             –             –            –       366,125
Share issue expenses                                 –       (4,107)            –             –             –            –        (4,107)
Appropriation to safety production reserve           –            –             –         1,163             –       (1,163)            –
Safety production reserve used                       –            –             –           (24)            –           24             –
Share-based payment arrangements                     –            –         6,638             –             –            –         6,638


At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                    574,334     1,855,939      132,686         8,374         1,682      (539,883)   2,033,132

*     These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB1,458,798,000 in the consolidated statement of financial position as
      at 30 June 2025.


For the six months ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                         Safety     Exchange
                                                Share         Share          Other   production    fluctuation Accumulated        Total
                                               capital     premium        reserves      reserve        reserve      losses       equity
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2024 (audited)                   509,278     1,329,450       104,549         5,893        1,803      (631,105)    1,319,868
Profit for the period                               –             –             –             –            –        61,672        61,672
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations                                –             –             –             –           (74)            –          (74)


Total comprehensive income for the period           –             –             –             –           (74)      61,672        61,598
Appropriation to safety production reserve          –             –             –         1,075             –        (1,075)           –
Safety production reserve used                      –             –             –          (590)            –           590            –
Share-based payment arrangements                    –             –        10,292             –             –             –       10,292


At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                   509,278     1,329,450       114,841         6,378        1,729      (569,918)    1,391,758




34             SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                                 (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                    20,514            61,672
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                                      19,532            12,596
  Bank interest income                                                                    –              (266)
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      23,467            18,661
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                    56               875
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                  16,351             8,776
  Gain on termination of leases                                                        (349)                –
  Impairment on trade receivables, net                                                4,902               123
  Reversal of impairment on other receivables                                          (509)                –
  Share-based payment expense                                                         6,638            10,292


                                                                                     90,602           112,729
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                   25,531              (4,835)
Increase in trade and notes receivables                                             (78,367)           (94,270)
Decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                          32,238             11,066
(Increase)/decrease in pledged deposits                                              (4,970)              6,110
(Decrease)/increase in trade and notes payables                                      (1,898)            19,639
Decrease in other payables and accruals                                             (19,698)           (88,508)
Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to related parties                               101,409            (13,969)
(Decrease)/increase in government grants                                                (88)              2,527


Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                            144,759           (49,511)


Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                                  144,759           (49,511)




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          35
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                  2025          2024
                                                                            (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                             144,759        (49,511)


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                             (24,570)       (58,817)
Increase in intangible assets                                                  (123,519)     (190,636)
Bank interest received                                                                –            266


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                    (148,089)     (249,187)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                                        213,857       322,688
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                         (91,914)       (44,315)
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                  362,018               –
Principal portion of lease payments                                               (301)         (1,769)
Interest paid                                                                  (19,154)         (8,989)
Advances from a related party                                                        –           1,425


Net cash flows from financing activities                                       464,506       269,040


NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                           461,176        (29,658)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                               198,867       201,850
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                       (77)            (68)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                     659,966       172,124


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                         671,974       178,304
Less: Pledged deposits for bank and other borrowings                            (2,000)             –
Less: Pledged deposits for notes payable                                       (10,008)        (6,180)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the interim condensed consolidated
  statement of financial position and the interim condensed consolidated
  statement of cash flows                                                      659,966       172,124




36         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

  The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 has been
  prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial
  information does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and
  should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
  December 2024.

2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

  The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information
  are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for
  the year ended 31 December 2024, except for the adoption of the following amended IFRS Accounting Standard
  for the first time for the current period’s financial information.

  Amendments to IAS 21                       Lack of Exchangeability

  The nature and impact of the amended IFRS Accounting Standard are described below:

  Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
  currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
  The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the
  impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted with and the
  functional currencies of group entities for translation into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable,
  the amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.

3. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

  For management purposes, the Group is not organised into business units based on their products and only
  has one reportable operating segment. Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s operating
  segment as a whole for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.




                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                37
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



4. REVENUE

     An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                        ended 30 June
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                   (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


     Revenue from contracts with customers                                             393,410              362,942


     Disaggregated revenue information for revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                        ended 30 June
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                   (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


     Type of goods or services
     Sale of products                                                                  385,275              332,492
     Out-licensing agreements                                                            5,275               30,450
     Provision of research and development services                                      2,860                    –


     Total                                                                             393,410              362,942


     Timing of revenue recognition
     Transferred at a point in time                                                    393,410              362,942


     Geographical market

     All of the Group’s revenue was generated from customers located in Mainland China during the period.




38           SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



5. PROFIT BEFORE TAX

  The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                        For the six months
                                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


  Cost of inventories sold                                                               110,227              78,776
  Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                          599               1,538
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                           23,467              18,661
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                         56                 875
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                       16,351               8,776
  Auditor’s remuneration                                                                     802                 802
  Impairment on trade receivables, net                                                     4,902                 123
  Reversal of impairment on other receivables                                               (509)                  –
  Foreign exchange differences, net                                                        1,442                 121
  Government grants                                                                         (932)            (35,783)
  Bank interest income                                                                       (70)               (266)


6. INCOME TAX

  The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
  members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

                                                                                        For the six months
                                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


  Current and deferred tax charge for the period                                                 –                  –




                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                39
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



7. DIVIDENDS

     No interim dividend was declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30
     June 2024: Nil).

8. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
   PARENT

     The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period attributable to
     ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 574,333,694 (2024:
     509,278,094) outstanding during the period.

     The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the six months ended 30 June 2025
     and 2024.

9. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES

                                                                                          30 June        31 December
                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                       (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


     Trade receivables                                                                      504,407           435,237
     Notes receivable                                                                        29,732            20,535


     Subtotal                                                                               534,139           455,772
     Impairment                                                                              (7,070)            (2,168)


     Net carrying amount                                                                    527,069           453,604


     The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally one to three
     months, depending on the specific payment terms in each contract. The Group seeks to maintain strict control
     over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances
     are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade
     receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk.
     The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade
     receivables are non-interest-bearing.




40         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



9. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

  Included in the Group’s trade receivables is an amount due from a related party of RMB249,000 (31 December
  2024: RMB249,000), which is repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the
  Group.

  As at 30 June 2025, notes receivable of RMB2,597,000 (31 December 2024: RMB7,043,000) whose fair
  values approximate to their carrying values were classified as financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income under IFRS 9. The fair value changes of these notes receivable at fair value through other
  comprehensive income were insignificant. The remaining notes receivable of RMB27,135,000 (31 December
  2024: RMB13,492,000) were measured at amortised cost.

  An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and
  net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                    30 June       31 December
                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


  Within 3 months                                                                     251,224           430,083
  3 to 6 months                                                                        17,803             2,787
  6 to 12 months                                                                      228,310               167
  1 to 2 years                                                                              –                32


  Total                                                                               497,337           433,069




                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               41
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



10. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES

                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


     Trade payables                                                                      136,110           125,137
     Notes payable                                                                        75,586            88,457


     Total                                                                               211,696           213,594


     An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
     follows:

                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


     Within 3 months                                                                      91,848            64,322
     3 to 6 months                                                                         1,188            11,970
     6 to 12 months                                                                       11,254            19,507
     1 to 2 years                                                                         22,327            24,794
     Over 2 years                                                                          9,493             4,544


     Total                                                                               136,110           125,137


     The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

     The maturity of notes payable is within nine months.

     At 30 June 2025, notes payable were secured by certain of the deposits amounting to approximately
     RMB10,008,000 (31 December 2024: RMB7,038,000).




42           SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



11. COMMITMENTS

  At the end of the reporting period, the Group had contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant
  and equipment with amounts of RMB207,440,000 (31 December 2024: RMB217,273,000).

12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  The Group’s principal related parties are as follows:

   Name                                                                          Relationship with the Company


   Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Luye”)                     The immediate holding company
   Mr. Liu Dian Bo                                                                    Director of Shandong Luye
   Yantai Luye Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Luye”)                 Shareholder of Shandong Luye
   Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited (“Luye Hong Kong”)                                  Shareholder of Yantai Luye
   Nanjing Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Luye”)                              Controlled by Yantai Luye
   Yantai Luye Drugs Trading Co., Ltd. (“Luye Trading”)                           Controlled by Shandong Luye
   Nanjing Junshi Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Junshi”)              Controlled by Shandong Luye
   Nanjing Jimai Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Jimai”)                   Controlled by Nanjing Luye
   Shandong International Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd.                     Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
     (“Biotech Park Development”)
   GeneLeap Biotechnology LLC (“GeneLeap Biotechnology”)                           Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
   Yantai Yunyue Winery Management Co., Ltd. (“Yunyue Winery”)                     Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
   Yantai Cellzone Medical Diagnostics Center Co., Ltd.                            Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
     (“Yantai Cellzone”)
   Shandong Quanzhong Biomedical Technology Co., Ltd.                               Associate of Shandong Luye
     (“Shandong Quanzhong”)




                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              43
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     (a) The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                                       For the six months
                                                                                                         ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                   Notes              RMB’000          RMB’000


        Sales of goods to:
          Luye Trading                                                                (i)                         –                 494
        Lease and property management services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (ii)                  1,000                   965
          Biotech Park Development                                                    (ii)                  1,419                 3,699
          Luye Trading                                                                (ii)                      –                    14
          Nanjing Luye                                                                (ii)                    320                   582
        Testing services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (ii)                        9                   11
        EHS management services from:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (ii)                        –                 423
        Operation services from:
          Nanjing Luye                                                                (ii)                     327                  647
          Nanjing Jimai                                                               (ii)                     100                    –
        Accommodation services from:
          Yunyue Winery                                                               (ii)                        –                   34
        Advances from:
          Luye Hong Kong                                                              (iii)                       –               1,425
        Payments on behalf by:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (iii)                 2,127                 5,223
          Biotech Park Development                                                    (iii)                     –                 1,033
          GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                      (iii)                     –                 1,233
        Repayments to:
          Shandong Luye                                                               (iii)                     –               20,676
          Biotech Park Development                                                    (iii)                 2,369                2,607
          GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                      (iii)                   472                1,211
          Yantai Luye                                                                 (iii)                     –                   38

        Notes:

        (i)      The transaction price was determined on normal commercial terms, negotiated on arm’s length basis, and on similar basis as
                 the Group conducted businesses with major customers.

        (ii)     The transaction prices were determined on terms mutually agreed between the parties with reference to the actual costs
                 incurred and fees for similar transactions in the market.

        (iii)    The payments on behalf and advances were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




44              SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

  (b) Other transactions with related parties:

     As at 30 June 2025, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, and Yantai Luye,
     shareholder of Shandong Luye, have guaranteed the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB129,667,000 (31
     December 2024: RMB160,208,000).

     As at 30 June 2025, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, has guaranteed
     the Group’s bank and other borrowings amounting to RMB621,160,000 (31 December 2024:
     RMB510,809,000).

  (c) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                          30 June         31 December
                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000


     Trade receivables:
     Luye Trading                                                                                249                 249


     Prepayments:
     Biotech Park Development                                                                  1,185                    –


     Due to related parties:
     Shandong Luye*                                                                           5,820                2,684
     Biotech Park Development                                                                     –                2,059
     Nanjing Luye                                                                             1,129                  482
     Yantai Cellzone                                                                          1,164                1,164
     Luye Hong Kong**                                                                         2,821                2,876
     Nanjing Junshi                                                                           1,532                1,532
     Nanjing Jimai                                                                              100                  360
     Shandong Quanzhong                                                                     100,000                    –


     Total                                                                                  112,566              11,157


     Lease liabilities:
     GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                                         –              6,594

     *    At 30 June 2025, a balance of RMB2,020,000 was trade in nature (31 December 2024: RMB1,011,000), and a balance of
          RMB3,800,000 was non-trade in nature (31 December 2024: RMB1,673,000).

     **   The balances were non-trade in nature.


     Except as disclosed above, other outstanding balances with related parties were trade in nature.

     The balances with related parties except for lease liabilities are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed
     terms of repayment.

                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                     45
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                           For the six months
                                                                                             ended 30 June
                                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             4,219              5,150
         Performance related bonuses                                                           1,130              1,884
         Pension scheme contributions                                                            335                438
         Share-based payment expense                                                           4,775              7,626


         Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                  10,459             15,098


13. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and
     notes receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade and notes
     payable, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, amounts due to related parties and current
     portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts
     largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

     The Group’s finance department headed by the financial manager is responsible for determining the policies
     and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to
     the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the
     movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The
     valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.

     The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
     exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
     methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

     The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities have
     been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with
     similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-
     performance risk were assessed to be insignificant.

     The fair values of the notes receivable classified as debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
     income have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows, which are the par values of the
     notes receivable. In addition, the notes receivable will mature within twelve months, and thus, their fair values
     approximate to their carrying values.




46         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



13. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)

  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

  Assets measured at fair value:

  As at 30 June 2025

                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                            Quoted prices          Significant       Significant
                                                 in active         observable      unobservable
                                                 markets               inputs            inputs
                                                 (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


  Notes receivable                                         –             2,597                  –              2,597


  As at 31 December 2024

                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                             Quoted prices           Significant       Significant
                                                  in active         observable      unobservable
                                                  markets                inputs            inputs
                                                  (Level 1)            (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


  Notes receivable                                         –             7,043                  –              7,043


  During the period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
  transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (six months ended 30 June 2024:
  Nil).




                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              47
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



13. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)

     Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

     As at 30 June 2025

                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                             Quoted prices        Significant       Significant
                                                  in active       observable      unobservable
                                                  markets             inputs            inputs
                                                  (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)           Total
                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     Interest-bearing bank and
        other borrowings                                   –          510,939                  –          510,939


     As at 31 December 2024

                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                              Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                   in active       observable      unobservable
                                                   markets              inputs            inputs
                                                   (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)           Total
                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


     Interest-bearing bank and
        other borrowings                                   –          532,933                  –          532,933


14. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On 14 August 2025, a total of 48,000,000 new shares, representing approximately 7.71% of the total issued
     shares (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the placing shares), have been placed in the Company at the
     placing price of HK$16.42 per placing share to no less than six placees. For details of the information, please
     refer to the Company’s announcements dated 14 August 2025.




48         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. INTERIM REPORT 2025
