山東 博安 生 物技 術 股 份 有限 公司
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Stock Code : 6955




INTERIM REPORT


2026
CONTENTS

2    Company Overview

3    Corporate Information

5    Financial Highlights

6    Management Discussion and Analysis

29   Other Information

35   Independent Review Report

36   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

37   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position

38   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity

39   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Cash Flows

41   Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated
     Financial Information
COMPANY OVERVIEW



Established in 2013, Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (山東博安生物技術股份有限公司) (“Boan Biotech”,
the “Company” or “our Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical
company developing, manufacturing, and marketing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases,
ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases. The Company’s drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms:
Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse Technology Platform, bsAb/msAb/Probody Technology Platform, ADC
Technology Platform and Artificial Intelligence/Big Data Application Platform.

Boan Biotech operates across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line
development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development,
technology transfer, non-clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial
production.

Boan Biotech’s portfolio includes five commercial products. Its pipeline includes multiple novel biologics as drug
candidates protected for their international intellectual property rights and a number of biosimilar candidates. In
addition to the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), the Company is also developing biological products
in overseas markets, including the United States (“U.S.”), the European Union (“EU”) and Japan. With a differentiated
portfolio and well-established commercial capabilities, Boan Biotech operates across the industry’s value chain from
research and development to manufacturing and commercialization, laying a solid foundation for long-term, high
quality growth in the future.




2         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           INTERIM REPORT 2026
CORPORATE INFORMATION



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                           STRATEGY COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                          Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華) (Chairlady)
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)                                           (Designated as the Chairlady with effect from
(Chief Executive Officer and Chairlady of our Board)           31 March 2026)
Mr. WANG Shenghan (王盛翰)                                      Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)
(Chief Financial Officer)                                    Mr. WANG Shenghan (王盛翰)
Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)                                       (Appointed with effect from 31 March 2026)
(President of R&D and Chief Operating Officer)               Dr. DOU Changlin (竇昌林)
(Resigned with effect from 31 March 2026)                    (Resigned with effect from 31 March 2026)

Non-executive Directors                                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                      GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                               Mr. LI Shixu (李世旭) (Chairperson)
Mr. LI Shixu (李世旭)                                           Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)
                                                             Mr. WANG Shenghan (王盛翰)
Independent Non-executive Directors
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文)                                    REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)                                        PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)                                          No. 39 Keji Avenue
                                                             High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
SUPERVISORS                                                  Yantai, Shandong Province
Ms. ZHANG Xiaomei (張曉玫) (Chairlady)                          China
Ms. NING Xia (寧夏)
Ms. LIU Xiangjie (劉祥杰)                                       HEADQUARTERS IN THE
                                                             PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
COMPANY SECRETARY                                            No. 39 Keji Avenue
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟) (FCG, HKFCG)                          High-Tech Industrial Development Zone
                                                             Yantai, Shandong Province
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                   China
Ms. JIANG Hua (姜華)
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen (黎少娟)                                       PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                                             IN HONG KONG
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                              Room 1918, 19/F
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄) (Chairperson)                          Lee Garden One
Mr. LIU Yuanchong (劉元沖)                                      33 Hysan Avenue
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)                                          Causeway Bay
                                                             Hong Kong
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林) (Chairperson)                            H SHARES SHARE REGISTRAR
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Mr. DAI Jixiong (戴繼雄)                                        Shops 1712–1716
                                                             17th Floor Hopewell Centre
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                         183 Queen’s Road East
Professor SHI Luwen (史錄文) (Chairperson)                      Wanchai
Ms. LI Li (李莉)                                               Hong Kong
Dr. YU Jialin (余家林)




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           3
CORPORATE INFORMATION




LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong laws:
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling
9/F, Three Exchange Square
Central
Hong Kong

AUDITOR
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
6955

COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.boan-bio.com

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Bank of America
Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch




4          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.   INTERIM REPORT 2026
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



1. REVENUE

  For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB233.0 million,
  as compared to RMB393.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of
  approximately RMB160.4 million, or 40.8%.

2. COST OF SALES

  Our cost of sales amounted to RMB87.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, which accounted for
  approximately 37.3% of our total revenue for the same period (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: 28.2%).

3. GROSS PROFIT

  For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB146.0 million,
  representing a decrease of RMB136.6 million, or 48.3% as compared with that for the six months ended 30 June
  2025.

4. SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

  For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB107.1
  million, as compared to RMB159.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of
  RMB52.7 million, or 33.0%.

5. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

  For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s recognised research and development (“R&D”) expenses
  amounted to approximately RMB92.0 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB33.4 million as
  compared with the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Boan Biotech is a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company that specializes in developing, manufacturing, and
commercializing biologics, with a focus on oncology, autoimmune diseases, ophthalmology, and metabolic diseases.
Our drug discovery activities revolve around multiple platforms, including: Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse
Technology Platform, Bispecific/Multi-specific/Probody Technology Platform, Antibody Drug Conjugate (“ADC”)
Technology Platform and Artificial Intelligence/Big Data Application Platform.

We operate across the entire value chain of the industry covering antibody discovery, cell line development, upstream
and downstream process development, analytical and bio-analytical method development, technology transfer, non-
clinical research, clinical research, regulatory affairs and registration, and commercial production.

Our portfolio includes five products approved for marketing, along with a robust pipeline of proprietary investigational
biologics and biosimilars. In addition to the People’s Republic of China (“China” or “Chinese Mainland”), we are
also developing biopharmaceutical products in overseas markets, including the United States (“U.S.”), the European
Union (“EU”), the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Japan. With a differentiated portfolio and well-established commercial
capabilities, we operate across the industry’s value chain from research and development to manufacturing and
commercialization, laying a solid foundation for long-term, high-quality growth in the future.

2026 INTERIM REVIEW

From the beginning of 2026, we have made significant achievements in all aspects of commercialization, pipeline
development, research and development (“R&D”), manufacturing, and business collaboration.

For commercialization, in January 2026, our 60mg denosumab injection (Boyoubei) was approved for marketing by
the Agencia Estatal de Medicamentos y Tecnologías en Salud (“AGEMED”) in Bolivia. In May 2026, our dulaglutide
injection (Boyouping) received marketing approval in Macau SAR for glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. In
May 2026, our 120mg denosumab injection (Boluojia) was approved by the National Medical Products Administration
(“NMPA”) for the treatment of patients with bone metastases from solid tumors or multiple myeloma, to delay or
reduce the risk of skeletal-related events (SREs), which include pathological fractures, spinal cord compression, and
bone-directed radiation or surgery. These are new indications approved for Boluojia. As of the date of this report,
five of our products (Boyounuo, Boyoubei, Boluojia, Boyouping and Boyoujing) have been successfully marketed
in Chinese Mainland and other countries or regions. These products have been sold to over 3,210 target hospitals
and institutions in China. A number of post-marketing clinical observational studies have been carried out on these
marketed products. We believe that with the approvals of new products and new indications in Chinese Mainland
and other regions or countries, the accumulation of more clinical data, the coverage of wider hospitals or distribution
channels and various external collaborations with experienced partners, sales of our products will continue to grow.




6          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.           INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




For the progress of pipeline products in China, in April 2026, the Center for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) accepted the
phase 2 clinical trial application of our proprietary anti-CD25 antibody BA1106 in combination with a PD-1 inhibitor
(a nivolumab biosimilar injection coded BA1104) as first-line or second-line regimens for non-small cell lung cancer
(“NSCLC”), and in July 2026, the CDE approved the phase 2 clinical trial application. In May 2026, updated phase
1 clinical data for BA1301, an investigational ADC targeting CLDN18.2, were presented at the 2026 American
Society of Clinical Oncology (“ASCO”) Annual Meeting. BA1301 demonstrated promising signs of efficacy and a
good safety profile in an expanded cohort of patients with advanced solid tumors. In July 2026, the CDE accepted
the investigational new drug (“IND”) application for BA1203, an antibody-cytokine prodrug targeting PD-1 and IL-2
pathways. To the knowledge of the Company, BA1203 is poised to become the first masked PD-1/IL-2 antibody-
cytokine prodrug retaining α-subunit binding activity to enter clinical trials in China. In August 2026, BA1302, an
investigational ADC targeting CD228, completed the monotherapy dose-escalation portion (“phase 1a”) of the phase
1 clinical trial and will proceed to the phase 1b dose-expansion trial in China and the IND application for BA2201 was
accepted by CDE. In addition, one other pre-clinical product, BA1304, is approaching IND application.

For the progress of pipeline products overseas, in May 2026, the Biologics License Applications (“BLAs”) for
BA6101 (denosumab injection 60 mg) and BA1102 (denosumab injection 120 mg) were submitted to the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (“FDA”), and in July 2026, the FDA accepted these BLAs. The BLAs seek approval for all
indications currently approved for the two reference drug products: BA6101 for the treatment of conditions related
to osteoporosis, and BA1102 for the treatment of conditions related to bone metastases from solid tumors, multiple
myeloma, giant cell tumor of bone, and hypercalcemia of malignancy. In August 2026, we submitted a BLA for
BA9101 (Aflibercept Intravitreous Injection) to the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency (“ANVISA”), intended for the
treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related macular degeneration (“nAMD”) and diabetic macular edema (“DME”) in
adults.

We continued to consolidate our R&D capabilities and industry influence. As of 30 June 2026, our R&D team had 249
experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery research, biotechnology research, biopharmaceutical
analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical research, pilot process research, clinical research,
regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property and other R&D functions. From 1 January 2026 to
the date of this report, we have been granted two new patents and have ten pending patent applications worldwide,
including six PCT national phase entries, three PCT applications and one priority application. As of the date of this
report, we have been granted 54 patents and have 43 pending patent applications worldwide.




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




We have sufficient production capacity to meet the current commercial needs of our products. As of the date
of this report, our Yantai Site has a total land area of approximately 40,000 sq.m. and a total gross floor area of
approximately 86,000 sq.m. It houses a number of production lines with a total pilot production capacity of 2,000L
(two 2x500L lines) and commercial drug substance manufacturing capacity of 13,500L (two 3x2,000L lines and one
3x500L line), as well as one vial filling line and one pre-filled syringe (“PFS”) filling line. We are also constructing a
4x2,000L commercial drug substance line to further expand our manufacturing capacity. During the Reporting Period,
we achieved significant improvements in quality and efficiency by enhancing and upgrading the production processes
of our existing products, continuously advancing digital manufacturing, and implementing domestic substitutions to
reduce production costs. We have also built an electronic data environment for production, document management,
training, warehousing and other aspects, promoting the integration of production data, flexible manufacturing, and
intelligent management, improving production efficiency and production operation flexibility, optimizing production
costs, and ensuring drug quality and patient safety.

We are actively exploring external business development and licensing-out arrangements. In March 2026, we and
DP Technology officially entered into a strategic cooperation to jointly build an AI for Science (AI4S)-driven innovation
model of “Scientific Agent + Drug Intelligent Discovery Platform + Innovative Biopharmaceutical R&D with Novel
Mechanisms”. In June 2026, we entered into a licensing agreement for the rights to BA5101 (Dulaglutide Injection) in
the U.S. Pursuant to the licensing agreement, the partner will be responsible for the commercialization of BA5101 in
the U.S. market, including the submission of the BLA and sales, and we will receive an upfront payment, milestone
payments, and sales-based commissions. Furthermore, we are in discussions with a number of pharmaceutical
companies (including multinational corporations (“MNCs”)) or investment institutions for the licensing or co-
development of our innovative drug pipelines, and are exploring international commercialization opportunities with our
overseas partners for our products that have been marketed or completed clinical trials in China.

In the first half of 2026, we received the First Prize of the 2025 China General Chamber of Commerce Science
and Technology Progress Award (July 2026) and the Second Prize of the 2025 Shandong Provincial Science and
Technology Progress Award (August 2026), in recognition of our breakthrough in denosumab industrialization
technology and our establishment of an independent domestic production system.

Apart from the abovementioned achievements, we also believe the following strengths and progress have contributed
towards our success and differentiated us from other biopharmaceutical companies.




8          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                        RISK-BALANCED PRODUCT PIPELINE

                                        We, through years of efforts and dedication, have incubated a robust and risk-balanced portfolio, which brings us clear short-term commercial visibility and allows us
                                        to pursue long-term sustainable growth. Specifically, our portfolio, including five products approved for marketing and seven innovative candidates under different
                                        stages of clinical trials or pre-clinical studies, as of the date of this report, focuses on popular key therapeutic areas including oncology, metabolism, autoimmunity,
                                        and ophthalmology, which entail significant unmet needs and potential in China and overseas markets.

                                        The following table summarizes our Commercialized Products and drug candidate pipeline under development in China and worldwide across various therapeutic
                                        areas as of the date of this report:

                                                                                                    Product                                                                                                     Clinical
                                                                        Therapeutic area       (reference drug)           Target                          Indication                              Territory   trial region   Pre-clinical      IND          Phase 1a       Phase 1b/2       Phase 3        BLA filed      Launched
                                                                                                                                       Lung cancer, MSI-H/dMMR solid tumors, gastric cancer,
                                                                                           BA1106                 CD25                                                                             Global         CN
                                                                                                                                       etc.
                                                                                                                                       Cholangiocarcinoma, gastric cancer, cervical cancer,
                                                                                           BA1301                 Claudin18.2 ADC                                                                  Global         CN
                                                                                                                                       ovarian cancer, etc.
                                                                                                                                       Lung cancer, esophageal cancer, breast cancer,                             CN
                                                                        Oncology           BA1302                 CD228 ADC            melanoma, head and neck cancer, cholangiocarcinoma,         Global
                                                                                                                                       etc.                                                                       US                                        IND approved

                                                                                           BA1304                 EGFR/B7H3 ADC        Lung cancer, esophageal cancer, CRC, etc.                   Global         CN
                                                                                                                                       Gastric cancer, lung cancer, urothelial carcinoma,                                                                   IND approved
                                                                                           BA1203                 PD-1/IL-2                                                                        Global         CN
                                                                                                                                       esophageal cancer, gynecological tumors, etc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Chinese Mainland rights for respiratory disease
INTERIM REPORT 2026

                                                                                           BA2101                 IL4R (Long-Acting)   Atopic dermatitis, asthma, COPD, etc.                       Global         CN                                                                          indications of BA2101 given to Joincare
                                        Innovative Antibody Portfolio

                                                                        Autoimmune
                                                                                           BA2201                 TL1A/IL-23           Inflammatory bowel disease, etc.                            Global         CN

                                                                                                                                       mCRC, advanced metastatic or recurrent NSCLC,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  CN
                                                                                           Boyounuo® (BA1101,                          recurrent GMB, HCC, epithelial ovarian cancer, fallopian
                                                                                                                  VEGF                 tube cancer or primary peritoneal cancer, and cervical      Global
                                                                                           Avastin® biosimilar)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  BR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                                                                                       cancer                                                                                                                                                                               BLA accepted

                                                                                                   ®                                                                                                              CN                                                                Promotion rights in HK&Macau given to Kexing
                                                                        Oncology           Boluojia (BA1102,                           Bone metastases from solid tumors, GCTB, and
                                                                                                                  RANKL                                                                            Global
                                                                                           Xgeva® biosimilar)                          hypercalcemia of malignancy refractory to treatment
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Overseas                           EU&US&JP Ph 3 completed; rights of overseas licensed to several partners; BLA in the U.S.

                                                                                                                                       Melanoma, NSCLC, MPM, RCC, cHL, HNSCC, urothelial                          CN
                                                                                           BA1104
                                                                                                                  PD-1                 carcinoma, CRC, HCC, esophageal cancer, gastric cancer,     Global
                                                                                           (Opdivo® biosimilar)
                                                                                                                                       etc.                                                                    Overseas                     Completed communication with FDA and waived Ph 3
                                                                                                                                       Postmenopausal osteoporosis, male osteoporosis,                                                                                         Promotion rights of Mainland given to CP Qingdao
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  CN
                                                                                                                                       glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis, bone loss in men                                                                                   promotion rights of HK&Macau given to Kexing
                                                                                           Boyoubei® (BA6101,                          undergoing ADT for prostate cancer, and bone loss in
                                                                                                                  RANKL                                                                            Global
                                                                                           Prolia® biosimilar)                         women receiving aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast                  Overseas           Bolivia launched; EU&US&JP Ph 3 completed; rights of overseas licensed to several partners; BLA in the U.S.
                                                                        Metabolism                                                     cancer
                                        Biosimilar Portfolio

                                                                                                       ®
                                                                                           Boyouping                                   Glycemic control in type 2 diabetes and reduction of the                   CN
                                                                                           (BA5101,Trulicity®     GLP-1                risk of adverse cardiovascular events in patients with      Global
                                                                                           biosimilar)                                 type 2 diabetes                                                         Overseas                                  IND approved by FDA, Completed communication with FDA and waived Ph 3

                                                                                                       ®                                                                                                          CN                                                                        Promotion rights given to Ocumension
                                                                                           Boyoujing (BA9101,                          wAMD, DME, RVO, DR, CNV associated with pathological
                                                                        Ophthalmology                             VEGF                                                                             Global
                                                                                           Eylea® biosimilar)                          myopia, and ROP
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Overseas                                                                                          BLA in Brazil
SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.




9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Commercialized products

Boyounuo (BA1101, bevacizumab injection): an anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection and a
biosimilar to Avastin independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China in April 2021. As of the date of this report, Boyounuo has
been approved for six indications (mCRC, advanced metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer, recurrent
glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, cervical cancer and hepatocellular
carcinoma) and all its indications have been included in the NRDL. In addition, Boyounuo has also been approved for
marketing in Macau SAR in May 2025. Apart from China, it is also under BLA review in Brazil.

Boyoubei (BA6101, 60mg denosumab injection): a human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody of the RANK
ligand and a biosimilar to Prolia independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of postmenopausal women with
osteoporosis at high risk for fracture in November 2022. It has been included in the NRDL and we have granted
Qingdao Conson Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Conson”) the exclusive right to commercialize Boyoubei in
Chinese Mainland. Boyoubei has also been approved for marketing in Macau SAR in May 2025. In addition, the
commercialization rights of this product have been licensed to partners in multiple countries and regions worldwide,
and the product is currently under marketing review in some of these jurisdictions.

•    In November 2025, the Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”) for BA6101 was accepted by the Medicines
     and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”) in the UK and the application is under review.

•    In January 2026, BA6101 has been approved for marketing by AGEMED in Bolivia.

•    In May 2026, the BLA for BA6101 was submitted to the FDA, and in July 2026, the FDA accepted this BLA.
     The BLA seeks approval for all indications currently approved for the reference drug product: BA6101 for the
     treatment of conditions related to osteoporosis.

Boluojia (BA1102, 120mg denosumab injection): a fully human IgG2 anti-RANKL monoclonal antibody and a
biosimilar to Xgeva independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing by the NMPA in China for the treatment of giant cell tumor of bone that is
unresectable or where surgical resection is likely to result in severe morbidity in adults and skeletally mature
adolescents (defined as having at least one mature long bone and with body weight ≥45 kg) in May 2024 and has
been approved for the treatment of patients with bone metastases from solid tumors or multiple myeloma, to delay or
reduce the risk of skeletal-related events (SREs), which include pathological fractures, spinal cord compression, and
bone-directed radiation or surgery in May 2026. Boluojia has also been approved for marketing in Macau SAR in May
2025. In addition, the commercialization rights of this product have been licensed to partners in multiple countries
and regions worldwide, and the product is currently under marketing review in some of these jurisdictions.

•    In November 2025, the MAA for BA1102 was accepted by the MHRA in the UK and the application is under
     review.

•    In May 2026, Boluojia was approved by the NMPA for the treatment of patients with bone metastases from
     solid tumors or multiple myeloma, to delay or reduce the risk of skeletal-related events (SREs), which include
     pathological fractures, spinal cord compression, and bone-directed radiation or surgery. These are the new
     indications approved for Boluojia.


10         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•   In May 2026, the BLA for BA1102 was submitted to the FDA, and in July 2026, the FDA accepted this BLA.
    The BLA seeks approval for all indications currently approved for the reference drug product: BA1102 for the
    treatment of conditions related to bone metastases from solid tumors, multiple myeloma, giant cell tumor of
    bone, and hypercalcemia of malignancy.

Boyouping (BA5101, dulaglutide injection): a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist and a
biosimilar to Trulicity independently developed by us.

It has been approved for marketing in China in August 2025. We are partnering with Shanghai Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. (“Shaphar”) to commercialize BA5101 in Chinese Mainland. In addition, the commercialization rights of this
product have been licensed to partners in multiple countries and regions worldwide, and the product is currently
under marketing review in some of these jurisdictions.

•   In May 2026, BA5101 received marketing approval in Macau SAR for glycemic control in adults with type 2
    diabetes.

Boyoujing (BA9101, aflibercept intravitreous injection): a recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor
receptor antibody fusion protein ophthalmic injection and a biosimilar to Eylea.

It has been approved for marketing in China in November 2025 for wet nAMD and DME in adults. We have granted
Ocumension Therapeutics (a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Stock Exchange”) with stock code: 1477) an exclusive right to promote and commercialize BA9101 in Chinese
Mainland. In addition, the commercialization rights of this product have been licensed to partners in multiple countries
and regions worldwide, and the product is currently under marketing review in some of these jurisdictions.

•   In August 2026, we submitted a BLA for BA9101 to ANVISA in Brazil, intended for the treatment of nAMD and
    DME in adults.

Products to be commercialized in the near future

BA1104 (nivolumab injection): a monoclonal antibody that can enhance the immune response of T cells against
tumors by preventing the programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor from binding to its ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is
a biosimilar to Opdivo independently developed by us.

Being a broad-spectrum anticancer medication, Nivolumab has been approved for multiple indications both in China
and overseas. These include its use as a neoadjuvant, an adjuvant, or a first-line or later-line therapy for advanced
cancers. It can be used as a standalone treatment, in combination with chemotherapy, or alongside novel immune
checkpoint inhibitors. Nivolumab has become a product of basic therapy for a variety of solid tumors.

•   In October 2025, patient enrolment was completed for the Phase 3 clinical trial of BA1104 in China. This is
    China’s first biosimilar of Opdivo to undergo a phase 3 clinical trial. As of the date of this report, the clinical trial is
    progressing well.




                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026      SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                     11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Other investigational pipeline products

BA1106: a non-IL-2 blocking anti-CD25 antibody independently developed by us.

BA1106 is China’s first investigational non-IL-2-blocking anti-CD25 (IL-2R-alpha) antibody to undergo a clinical
trial for the treatment of solid tumors. Present across various solid tumors, regulatory T cells (Tregs) are critical
immunosuppressive components of the tumor microenvironment, where high infiltration typically correlates with
poor prognosis. As such, targeting Tregs has become a focal point of next-generation cancer immunotherapy. With
“moderate” ADCC activity and a unique binding epitope design, BA1106 selectively targets CD25-overexpressing
Tregs. While depleting Tregs, it expands effector T cell (Teff) populations and preserves IL-2 signaling, thereby
enhancing anti-tumor immune responses and demonstrating potential for the treatment of multiple solid tumors.

In 2023, BA1106 entered phase 1 clinical trials in China. In the phase 1 clinical trial, the combination of BA1106 and
BA1104 showed encouraging efficacy signals in patients with lung adenocarcinoma, squamous cell lung cancer,
and gastric cancer, and all of them had previously experienced disease progression on ICIs. Furthermore, BA1106
demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile as a monotherapy or in combination with BA1104. Most
treatment-related adverse events were mild (Grades 1–2). During dose escalation, no dose-limiting toxicities (DLTs)
were observed, and the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not reached at dose levels up to 1.2 mg/kg. These
results are encouraging and support the continued clinical development of BA1106.

•    In April 2026, the CDE accepted the phase 2 clinical trial application of BA1106 in combination with BA1104
     as first-line or second-line regimens for NSCLC, and in July 2026, the CDE approved the phase 2 clinical trial
     application. The phase 2 clinical trial is a multicenter, single-arm, open-label study designed to evaluate the
     efficacy, safety, and pharmacokinetic (PK) profile of BA1106 in combination with BA1104 in patients with driver
     gene-negative NSCLC.

BA1301: an ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2 independently developed by us.

BA1301 for injection is our first novel ADC candidate that targets Claudin 18.2. It utilizes C-Lock site-specific
conjugation to link the tubulin inhibitor payload, Duostatin-5, with a CLDN18.2-targeting monoclonal antibody. This
enables the precise delivery of the cytotoxic payload to tumors, maximizing the anti-tumor activity while reducing the
off-target toxicity and widening the therapeutic window. In addition, the bystander effect of the ADC further enhances
its efficacy against heterogeneous tumors in gastric cancer and other GI malignancies.




12         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In 2023, BA1301 entered a phase 1 clinical trial in China. As of the date of this report, this phase 1 clinical trial is
progressing well. We have completed the monotherapy dose-escalation part of this clinical trial and are undergoing
the dose expansion part. BA1301 has been granted the Orphan Drug Designation (“ODD”) by the FDA for the
treatment of gastric cancer (including cancer of gastroesophageal junction) and pancreatic cancer.

•   In May 2026, updated phase 1 clinical data for BA1301 were presented at the 2026 ASCO Annual Meeting.
    As of the data cutoff date of 22 December 2025, 91 patients had received at least one dose of BA1301. Key
    findings included: (i) BA1301 demonstrated potential in treating multiple types of solid tumors, including gastric
    and biliary tract tumors. In patients with medium-to-high CLDN18.2 expression treated with BA1301 at doses
    ≥1.6 mg/kg, the objective response rate (ORR) reached 29% for gastric cancer, 30% for biliary tract cancer, 14%
    for pancreatic cancer, and 33% for gynecological malignancies. Notably, one patient with biliary tract cancer
    achieved a partial response (PR) who had received the treatment for more than 16 months and is still receiving
    the treatment; (ii) BA1301 exhibited good safety and tolerability. Incidences of hematological and gastrointestinal
    adverse events and their severity were low. Treatment-related anemia and decreased neutrophil counts (≥Grade
    3) occurred in 4.4% and 2.2% of the patients, respectively. Treatment-related vomiting and nausea (≥Grade
    3) occurred in 3.3% and 2.2% of the patients, respectively. Treatment-related serious adverse events (SAE)
    occurred in 14.3% of the patients, and no treatment-related deaths were observed; (iii) BA1301 demonstrated
    excellent molecular stability enabled by C-Lock site-specific conjugation. At a dose of 2.0 mg/kg, the area under
    the curve (AUC) for Duostatin-5 was approximately 0.002% of the total antibody and 0.005% of the intact ADC.
    This indicated low payload dissociation in plasma and robust molecular stability in circulation, further confirming
    the superiority of the conjugation method.

BA1302: a novel CD228-directed ADC independently developed by us.

The CD228 target protein is highly expressed in various solid tumors, including melanoma, breast cancer, non-small
cell lung cancer, mesothelioma, colorectal cancer and pancreatic cancer, whilst having low expression in normal
tissues, which makes CD228 an ideal target for ADCs. BA1302 utilizes a cleavable hydrophilic linker to conjugate
the cytotoxic payload MMAE to an anti-CD228 monoclonal antibody via the cysteines in hinge region. This enables
the antibody to specifically deliver the payload into the tumor tissues, exerting anti-tumor effects while reducing the
toxicity and expanding the therapeutic window.

Preclinical studies demonstrated that BA1302 was highly potent in internalization and the bystander effect, effectively
inhibiting tumor growth in various patient-derived xenograft (PDX) models, indicating that it is a promising drug
candidate either as a monotherapy or in combination with other therapies in pan-tumor indications. Compared with
marketed ADCs utilizing MMAE as the payload, BA1302 exhibited a longer half-life, higher exposure, and more
favorable safety profile in cynomolgus monkeys.

In 2024, BA1302 entered phase 1 clinical trials in China. This is the first CD228 targeted novel ADC drug candidate
approved for clinical trials in China. As of the date of this report, this clinical trial is progressing well. BA1302 has been
granted the ODD by the FDA for the treatment of squamous non-small-cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC) and pancreatic
cancer. In June 2025, BA1302 was approved by the FDA to initiate clinical trials in the U.S.




                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                    13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•    In August 2026, we completed the phase 1a of the phase 1 clinical trial. As of 1 August 2026, the phase 1a
     portion of the trial had evaluated seven dose levels ranging from 0.2 mg/kg to 3.6 mg/kg. A total of 36 subjects
     with different types of advanced solid tumors were enrolled in the trial. 31 of them were treated at a dose level of
     2.0 mg/kg or higher. Among all the subjects enrolled in the trial, 83.3% of them had metastases in two or more
     organs, 66.7% of them had received at least two lines of prior treatment, and most of them had experienced
     disease progression following treatments with chemotherapy, targeted therapy or immunotherapy. Data from
     the Phase 1a trial showed that: 1) Preliminary anti-tumor activity was observed in multiple types of solid tumors.
     Partial Responses (PRs) were observed in subjects with triple-negative breast cancer, esophageal carcinoma,
     melanoma, and cervical cancer. Specifically, one of the two subjects with triple-negative breast cancer achieved a
     PR, one of the three subjects with CD228-positive esophageal cancer achieved a PR, one of the twelve subjects
     with melanoma treated at a dose of 2.0 mg/kg or higher achieved a PR, and the only subject with cervical cancer
     achieved a PR. These results are indicative of the preliminary efficacy of BA1302. At present, overall progression-
     free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) data remain immature; 2) BA1302 demonstrated a favorable overall
     safety and tolerability profile. Common treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were hematologic toxicities
     and changes in liver enzyme levels. The vast majority of TRAEs were mild to moderate in severity (Grade 1 to 2
     according to CTCAE v5.0) and improved or resolved with appropriate treatment. Following the phase 1a trial, we
     will proceed to the phase 1b dose-expansion trial to further evaluate the potential of BA1302 against key cancer
     types.

BA1203: a masked anti-PD-1/IL-2 fusion protein independently developed by us.

BA1203 is a next-generation immuno-oncology (“IO”) therapy intended to treat multiple solid tumors. To the
knowledge of the Company, BA1203 is poised to become the first masked PD-1/IL-2 antibody-cytokine prodrug
retaining alpha-subunit binding activity to enter clinical trials in China.

BA1203 leverages the dual mechanism of action of a PD-1 antibody and an IL-2 cytokine, aiming to simultaneously
achieve immune checkpoint blockade and localized immune activation within the tumor microenvironment (“TME”).
Through a masked design, the IL-2 prodrug selectively activates within the TME to amplify local anti-tumor immunity
while minimizing cytokine activity in peripheral tissues to mitigate systemic toxicity risks. Concurrently, the molecule
features a high-affinity, bivalent PD-1 targeting architecture, which enhances pathway blockade and enables precise
delivery of IL-2 to PD-1-positive tumor-infiltrating T cells. BA1203 features a symmetric molecular structure, which
improves molecular stability and the controllability of manufacturing process.

Preclinical studies show that BA1203 exhibits a differentiated profile in terms of PD-1 binding, immune pathway
blockade, and immune activation within the TME. BA1203 demonstrated superior anti-tumor activity that significantly
outperformed existing PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies across multiple tumor models where such checkpoint inhibitors were
ineffective or exhibited limited activity. In tumor-bearing mouse models, BA1203 demonstrated superior efficacy
compared to the competitor in the same class, while exhibiting a more favorable safety profile driven by tumor-
dependent activation. Crucially, while enhancing localized intratumoral immune activation, BA1203 maintains low
peripheral toxicity; studies involving cynomolgus monkeys demonstrate its favorable safety and tolerability profile.

•    In July 2026, the CDE accepted the IND application for BA1203.

BA2201: a bispecific antibody targeting TL1A and IL23p19 independently developed by us.




14         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




It is intended for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease, including Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis.
The antibodies in BA2201 were selected based on their high activity and low immunogenicity, thereby enhancing
BA2201’s prospects for successful development. The anti TL1A antibody, derived from the BA-huMab ® platform,
binds to a unique epitope and exhibits excellent neutralizing activity. Its bispecific design, incorporating a novel 1+1
format and Fc engineering for half-life extension, exhibits favorable developability and potent efficacy both in vitro
and in vivo. The data from the in vitro and in vivo immunogenicity assay demonstrated a low immunogenicity risk for
BA2201. BA2201 also shows long half-life in cynomolgus monkeys, supporting the expectation of a dosing frequency
of once every 3 months in human. In addition, the successful development of a high-concentration formulation for
BA2201 allows for convenient subcutaneous administration.

•   In August 2026, the CDE accepted the IND application for BA2201.

BA1304: a bispecific ADC targeting B7-H3 and EGFR independently developed by us.

It is constructed via glycan-based site-specific conjugation technology, intended for multiple tumor indications, such as
lung cancer, colon cancer, bladder cancer, kidney cancer, and esophageal cancer. BA1304 utilizes a “1+1” common
light chain format, which contributes to its excellent developability and high homogeneity. BA1304 employs multiple
anti-tumor mechanisms of action, including potent ADC-mediated cytotoxicity, enhanced blockade of EGFR signaling,
efficient internalization mediated by both EGFR and B7-H3, and antibody dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. The
bispecific design enhances binding to tumor cells co-expressing EGFR and B7-H3 while reducing binding to normal
tissues expressing only a single target. This selectivity significantly lowers the risk of on-target off-tumor toxicity. In
non-human primate studies, maximal tolerable dose exceeded 60 mg/kg. BA1304 employs Exatecan as its payload,
enabling it to overcome drug resistance and demonstrate broad spectrum anti-tumor potential. In a variety of solid
tumor models, BA1304 has shown potent in vitro cytotoxicity against cancer cells with varying target expression
levels, including B7-H3 low/EGFR low, B7-H3 high/EGFR low, B7-H3 low/EGFR high, and B7-H3 high/EGFR high.

•   As of the date of this report, it is under pre-clinical stage.

STRONG R&D CAPABILITIES

We have a fully-fledged proprietary R&D technology platform focusing on antibody discovery and drug development.
We have R&D teams and facilities located in Yantai and Nanjing in China, with rich experience and strong track
records in drug discovery and development. In terms of technology, we boast proprietary Human Antibody
Transgenic Mouse Technology Platform, Bispecific/Multi-specific/Probody Technology Platform, ADC Technology
Platform and Artificial Intelligence/Big Data Application Platform which we believe these will provide us with great
technological support.

We take pride in our strong chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”) capability which is the backbone of the
quality and cost efficiency that we have maintained throughout the process of our drug development and commercial
production, especially in cell line development, upstream and downstream process development, analytical and bio-
analytical method development as well as technology transfer. Our CMC function establishes practical qualitative
and quantitative standards for us to maintain product quality and effectively progresses drug discovery to actual
manufacturing.

Our strong CMC capability accumulated through the years of effort has shortened drug development time and
enabled speed to market. We believe such capability is a formidable barrier to competitors and has paved the way for
our first-mover advantage.




                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Our high caliber R&D team has outstanding execution capability in drug development with a proven track record.
As of 30 June 2026, our R&D team consisted of 249 experienced employees covering biopharmaceutical discovery
research, biotechnology research, biopharmaceutical analysis research, biological activity research, non-clinical
research, pilot process research, clinical research, regulatory affairs, project management and intellectual property
and other R&D functions, most of whom had R&D and clinical experience of more than seven years.

As a biopharmaceutical company, we are keenly aware of the importance of establishing and protecting our
intellectual property rights. We have filed a number of patent applications for our drug candidates in various
jurisdictions, and expect to rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property
rights, as well as employee and third party confidentiality agreements, for safeguarding our intellectual properties.
From 1 January 2026 to the date of this report, we have been granted two new patents and have ten pending patent
applications worldwide, including six PCT national phase entries, three PCT applications and one priority application. As
of the date of this report, we have been granted 54 patents and have 43 pending patent applications worldwide.

Underpinned by our strong R&D capability, we have published 22 research papers in world renowned academic
journals including Cell Discovery of Nature, Antibody Therapeutics, Molecular Cancer Therapeutics and Cancer
Communications, introducing our research breakthroughs on some of our drug candidates.

STRONG MANUFACTURING CAPABILITY WITH HIGH QUALITY AND COST
EFFICIENCY

We have a sizable pilot and commercial production site located in Yantai, China. We employ a robust quality
management system for the Yantai Site that meets various quality standards such as good manufacturing practice set
by the relevant regulatory authorities of China and the EU Quality Person (“QP”). We have passed a number of audits
in China and the EU QP. Our Yantai Site, having a total land area of approximately 40,000 sq.m. and a total gross
floor area of approximately 86,000 sq.m., houses a number of production lines with a total pilot production capacity
of 2,000L (two 2x500L lines) and commercial drug substance manufacturing capacity of 13,500L (two 3x2,000L lines
and one 3x500L line), as well as one vial filling line and one PFS filling line as of the date of this report. We are also
constructing a 4x2,000L commercial drug substance line. Our manufacturing system, including production, quality,
engineering, etc., is managed by a strong and integrated team of 375 employees as of 30 June 2026.

Apart from production capacity, our proprietary manufacturing capability, such as perfusion culture and fed-batch
culture, provides flexibility and improves the throughput and production efficiency. Our Yantai Site is also highly
versatile, adaptable to manufacturing drugs targeting different antibodies, and is capable of producing various
formulations. To further improve production cost efficiency, we utilize digital management in our production.

While improving production efficiency and scale, we are also committed to green and sustainable development.
By formulating a sound environmental management system, we improve resource utilization, promote energy
conservation and emission reduction, accelerate the application of artificial intelligence, promote digital transformation,
and promote the high quality development of enterprises.




16         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




WELL-ESTABLISHED COMMERCIALIZATION CAPABILITY

We have successfully expanded our commercial portfolio into five products (Boyounuo, Boyoubei, Boluojia,
Boyouping and Boyoujing) spanning over multiple therapeutic areas.

Leveraging our well-established and demonstrated commercialization capability backed by marketing strategies
implemented by our dedicated sales and marketing team, we believe that we are well positioned to achieve speed
to market and rapid ramp-up of product sales. Internally, we have a dedicated in-house sales and marketing team
with extensive industry experience, and they develop and implement marketing and sales initiatives and plans for our
product and drug candidates in their scheduled rollouts. Externally, we collaborate with various resourceful business
partners which lay the foundation for our strong commercialization capability. Our collaboration with experienced
third-party promoters effectively publicizes and maximizes market potential of our products.

We had an extensive distribution network of more than 154 distributors as of 30 June 2026, penetrating selected
regions and reaching more than 3,210 target hospitals and institutions in China.

In January 2026, our 60mg denosumab injection (Boyoubei) was approved for marketing by AGEMED in Bolivia. In
May 2026, our dulaglutide injection (Boyouping) received marketing approval in Macau SAR for glycemic control in
adults with type 2 diabetes. In May 2026, our 120mg denosumab injection (Boluojia) was approved by the NMPA for
the treatment of patients with bone metastases from solid tumors or multiple myeloma, to delay or reduce the risk
of skeletal-related events (SREs), which include pathological fractures, spinal cord compression, and bone-directed
radiation or surgery. These are new indications approved for Boluojia.

EXTENSIVE COLLABORATION WITH VARIOUS RESOURCEFUL BUSINESS PARTNERS

We have explored a number of cooperations with well-known domestic and foreign companies in various fields as of
the date of this report.

For our launched products in China, we have granted Qingdao Conson the exclusive right to promote Boyoubei in
Chinese Mainland since 2023 and granted OcuMension Therapeutics the exclusive right to promote Boyoujing in
Chinese Mainland after its launch. We have granted Kexing Biopharm Co., Ltd. (“Kexing”) the promotion rights of
denosumab injection (BA6101 and BA1102) in Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR in 2025. We have granted Shaphar
the exclusive right to market and distribute Boyouping through all channels in the Chinese Mainland in 2025.

For our pipeline products in China, we have granted Joincare the exclusive right to the development, registration,
manufacturing, and commercialization of BA2101 for the treatment of asthma, COPD and other respiratory system
diseases in Chinese Mainland in 2024.

In the overseas market, we collaborated with internationally renowned biomedicine enterprises, including Shaphar,
Pharmacare, Kexing, Nanjing King-Friend Biochemical Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“NKF”), etc., to fully boost
Boyounuo, Boyoubei, Boluojia, Boyouping and Boyoujing’s marketing process and further sales in the U.S., Latin
America, Southeast Asia, and other regions, as well as many other emerging markets at the country level, covering
over 20 countries/regions around the world. In June 2026, we entered into a new licensing agreement for the rights
to BA5101 in the U.S. Pursuant to the licensing agreement, the partner will be responsible for the commercialization
of BA5101 in the U.S. market, including the submission of the BLA and sales, and we will receive an upfront
payment, milestone payments, and sales-based commissions. Furthermore, we are in discussions with a number of
pharmaceutical companies (including MNCs) and investment institutions for the licensing or co-development of our
innovative drug pipelines, and are exploring international commercialization opportunities with our overseas partners
for our products that have been marketed or completed clinical trials in China.

                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




For R&D technology platform, we have also entered into an agreement with the Zencore Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Zencore
Biologics”), authorizing Zencore Biologics to use our self-developed stable cell line development platform non-
exclusively, BA-HIEXcell for the development of antibodies and therapeutic proteins in Chinese Mainland. In March
2026, we and DP Technology have officially entered into a strategic cooperation. The two parties will jointly build an
AI for Science (AI4S)-driven innovation model of “Scientific Agent + Drug Intelligent Discovery Platform + Innovative
Biopharmaceutical R&D with Novel Mechanisms”. Two parties will conduct in-depth collaboration around the
development of our antibody drugs, ADCs, and T-cell engager (“TCE”) drugs, empowering new drug R&D with AI
technology to further enhance development efficiency and innovation quality.

For manufacturing and quality management, we have signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Qingdao Haier
Biomedical Co., Ltd. (“Haier Biomedical”) in 2024. According to the agreement, Haier Biomedical will upgrade the
digital system and customize digital scenario solutions for us, including the EMS DataManager data analysis, QC-
Sample Manager sample management system, EBR electronic batch record and other business areas, so as to
improve the digital level of our manufacturing process and quality management. At the same time, the two parties
will leverage their respective resource advantages and explore the development and innovation direction of digital
transformation of the pharmaceutical industry by using cutting-edge technologies such as digital analysis, automation,
and AI integration.

POST RESULTS OUTLOOK

Having successfully obtained marketing approval in China for five biosimilar products – Boyounuo (bevacizumab
injection), Boyoubei (60mg denosumab injection), Boluojia (120mg denosumab injection), Boyouping (dulaglutide
injection) and Boyoujing (aflibercept intravitreous injection) – we have completed the first phase of our strategy of
establishing a stable and sustainable source of cash flow. BA1104 (nivolumab injection), the final biosimilar in our
current portfolio, is expected to be submitted for marketing application in China in the second half of 2026.

The second phase of our strategy, focusing on the overseas commercialization of our biosimilar portfolio, is
also progressing steadily. Multiple products have been registered or marketed in overseas emerging markets. In
developed markets, we are approaching an inflection point. Our two denosumab injections (BA6101 and BA1102),
which are under review by the MHRA, are expected to be launched in the UK in the second half of 2026. In addition,
BLAs for the two denosumab injections were submitted to the U.S. FDA in May 2026, and accepted for review in July
2026. These two products are expected to be approved in the U.S. in the first half of 2027.

Following the successful execution of the first two phases of our strategy and our recent capital markets financing,
our cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB1,105.5 million as of 30 June 2026. Supported by a strong capital
position, we are accelerating the third phase of our strategy: advancing early-stage R&D and clinical development of
innovative molecules with market potential. In the first half of 2026, our R&D expenses increased by 57.0% compared
with the same period in 2025. This significant increase in R&D investment has supported the rapid advancement of
our drug pipeline. During the Reporting Period, BA1301 (Claudin18.2 ADC) is progressing well in its phase 1 clinical
trial, with updated phase 1 clinical data being presented at the 2026 ASCO Annual Meeting. BA1106 (anti-CD25
antibody) is also progressing well in its phase 1 combination clinical trial, and in July 2026, the CDE approved the
phase 2 clinical trial application of BA1106 in combination with BA1104 for NSCLC. BA1302 (CD228 ADC) completed
its phase 1 monotherapy dose-escalation phase of the phase 1 clinical trial and proceeded to the dose expansion
phase in August 2026. BA1203 (a masked PD-1/IL-2 fusion protein) is expected to enter clinical trials following the
CDE’s acceptance of its IND application in July 2026. In addition, BA2201 (TL1A/IL23p19 bispecific antibody) had its
IND application accepted by the CDE in August 2026. Finally, several other pre-clinical candidates, including BA1304
(B7-H3/EGFR bispecific ADC), are expected to have their IND applications filed within the next two years.




18         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Looking ahead, we intend to establish BA1203 and BA1302 – two potentially best-in-class molecules – as the
foundation of our future oncology pipeline, and BA2201 as the foundation of our autoimmune pipeline, accelerating
their development and advancing our global innovation strategy. Over the next 12 to 18 months, we also expect to
present additional clinical data relating to our drug candidates at major international academic conferences.

Beyond our development efforts, we will continue to actively pursue partnerships for our drug portfolio. We will work
closely with our partners to accelerate project advancement while seeking additional strategic and financial resources
to strengthen our innovation platform. We are in discussions with a number of pharmaceutical companies (including
MNCs) and investment institutions for the licensing or co-development of our innovative drug pipelines, and we will
continue to explore international commercialization opportunities with our overseas partners for products that have
been marketed or completed clinical trials in China. In March 2026, we and DP Technology officially entered into a
strategic cooperation to jointly build an AI for Science (AI4S)-driven innovation model, empowering the development
of our next-generation antibody drugs, ADCs, and TCE drugs with AI technology.

In summary, underpinned by our cash-generating biosimilar portfolio, imminent overseas commercialization
milestones, and strong R&D pipeline, we are well-positioned to transition from a biosimilar-led growth model into an
innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company with global reach. We will continue to attract outstanding talent, invest
in cutting-edge technologies, increase investment in innovative drug R&D, enhance R&D efficiency and accelerate the
commercialization of our portfolio. Looking ahead, despite the macroeconomic uncertainties, geopolitical challenges
and evolving healthcare policies in China relating to centralized procurement and NRDL negotiations, we believe that
the demand for high-quality, affordable biologics in China and globally remains robust. With our differentiated portfolio,
fully-integrated capabilities, and disciplined execution, we remain confident in our long-term growth prospects and in
our mission of providing innovative and accessible biologic therapies to patients in China and around the world.

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB233.0 million, as
compared to RMB393.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately
RMB160.4 million, or 40.8%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the policy-related expectation of the upcoming
government-led volume-based procurement.

Cost of Sales

Our cost of sales amounted to RMB87.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, which accounted for
approximately 37.3% of our total revenue for the same period (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: 28.2%). The
decrease in cost of sales was broadly consistent with the decline in revenue for the corresponding period.

Gross Profit

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB146.0 million,
representing a decrease of RMB136.6 million, or 48.3% as compared with that for the six months ended 30 June
2025.




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Other Income and Gains

Other income and gains consist of government grants, bank interest income and others. Government grants mainly
represent subsidies received from local government authorities to support the Group’s R&D activities and operation.
For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s other income and gains increased to RMB7.4 million, as
compared to RMB2.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of approximately
RMB4.8 million. The increase was mainly attributable to an increase in government grants recognised during the
Period and an increase in interest income during the Period.

Administrative Expenses

Our administrative expenses decreased from RMB23.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB15.5
million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the implementation of more
streamlined and effective management measures during the Reporting Period to improve operational efficiency.

Selling and Distribution Expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB107.1
million, as compared to RMB159.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of
RMB52.7 million, or 33.0%. The decrease in selling and distribution expenses was mainly in line with the decrease of
sales revenue of products during the same period.

Research and Development Expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s recognised R&D expenses amounted to approximately
RMB92.0 million, representing an increase of approximately RMB33.4 million as compared with the six months ended
30 June 2025. The increase was mainly attributable to higher research and development expenditure incurred in
connection with the acceleration of the Group’s innovation strategy.

Finance Costs

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB21.7 million, as compared to
RMB19.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB2.2 million,
or 11.3%.

Income Tax Expense

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded income tax expense of nil.

(Loss)/Profit for the Period

As a result of the above, our loss for the period amounted to RMB83.0 million for the six months ended 30 June
2026, as compared to the profit of RMB20.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




20        SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

The Group’s primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, which the Group has historically
generated through the sales of products and the proceeds from the issue of shares. The Company expects that
the Group’s cash needs in the near future will primarily relate to progressing the development of its drug candidates
towards receiving regulatory approval and commencing commercialization, as well as expanding its drug candidate
portfolio. In 2026, we actively explored financing channels and managed to maintain our cash position at a stable
level for the Group’s sustainable development.

As of 30 June 2026, we had cash and cash equivalents of RMB1,105.5 million, representing a decrease of RMB24.9
million, or 2.2%, compared to RMB1,130.4 million as at 31 December 2025. As of 30 June 2026, the Group had
net current assets of approximately RMB817.7 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,148.7 million as at
31 December 2025. The current ratio of the Group decreased to approximately 1.74 as at 30 June 2026 from
approximately 2.33 as at 31 December 2025. The decrease in net current assets was mainly attributable to the
increase in the current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings during the six months ended 30 June
2026.

As of 30 June 2026, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of approximately
RMB843.5 million, representing an increase of RMB60.3 million as compared to approximately RMB783.2 million as
at 31 December 2025.

Amongst the loans and borrowings, approximately RMB735.7 million are repayable within one year, and
approximately RMB107.8 million are repayable after one year. As of 30 June 2026, the Group’s borrowings were
primarily denominated in RMB, and the cash and cash equivalents were primarily denominated in RMB and U.S.
dollars.

Gearing Ratio

As of 30 June 2026, the gearing ratio of the Group, which is calculated by dividing total borrowings by total equity,
increased to 31.7% from 28.6% as at 31 December 2025. The increase was primarily due to the increase in interest-
bearing bank and other borrowings during the six months ended 30 June 2026.

Capital Commitments

At the end of the Period, the Group had capital commitments for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment
with amounts of RMB147.6 million (31 December 2025: RMB150.9 million). They primarily relate to expenditures
expected to be incurred for the purchase of machinery and renovation of our existing laboratories and buildings.




                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

Save as disclosed in this report, there were no significant investments held by the Group or future plans for significant
investments or capital assets as at 30 June 2026.

The Company did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for the
six months ended 30 June 2026.

Contingent Liabilities

The Group did not have any contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026.

Charges on Group Assets

As at 30 June 2026, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets with an aggregate
amount of RMB200.4 million were pledged to secure its bank and other borrowings.

Hedging Activities

As at 30 June 2026, the Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes and did not enter into any
hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk or interest rate risk.

Employees and Remuneration Policy

As at 30 June 2026, the Group employed a total of 690 employees, as compared to a total of 714 employees as
at 30 June 2025. For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the staff costs, (including Directors’ emoluments but
excluding any contributions to pension scheme), were approximately RMB56.5 million as compared to RMB61.6
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to motivate and
retain talented employees to achieve the Group’s long term corporate goals and objectives. The Group’s employee
remuneration policy is determined by taking into account factors such as remuneration in respect of the overall
remuneration standard in the industry and employee’s performance. The management reviews the Group’s employee
remuneration policy and arrangements on a regular basis. Moreover, the social insurance contributions are made by
the Group for its PRC employees in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations.

RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT INCENTIVE SCHEME

The Company adopted the Restricted Share Unit Incentive Scheme (the “Scheme”) pursuant to a special resolution
passed by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 22 June 2026 (the “Adoption Date”). The Board
resolved at a meeting of the Board held on 28 April 2026 to propose the adoption of the Scheme. Details of the
Scheme were set out in the circular of the Company dated 27 May 2026 (the “Circular”). A summary of the principal
terms of the Scheme is set out below.

Purposes

The purpose of the Scheme is to further enhance the Company’s long-term talent incentive framework, motivate core
employees to contribute to the Company’s growth, and foster closer alignment of interests among the Shareholders,
the Company and the management team, thereby supporting the Company’s sustainable and sound long-term
development.




22         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Duration

The Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of six years commencing from the Adoption Date. After such
period, no further Restricted Share Units may be granted, but the terms of the Scheme shall remain in full force and
effect to the extent necessary to give effect to any Awards made prior to the end of the term. The remaining life of the
Scheme is approximately 5.75 years as of the date of this report.

Administration

The Board shall act as the executive and administrative body for the Scheme and be responsible for its
implementation. The Board and/or its Authorised Person may handle matters related to the Scheme within the scope
of authorisation approved at the general meetings of the Company.

Eligible Participants

Participants in the Scheme must satisfy each of the following eligibility criteria:

(i)    The participant must have entered into a current employment contract or service agreement with a member of
       the Group.

(ii)   The participant must fall within one or more of the following categories: (a) senior management of the Company;
       (b) middle management personnel; (c) individuals occupying core positions whom the Board considers to have
       made exceptional contributions to the development of the Group; (d) employees who have demonstrated
       outstanding performance; or (e) individuals recruited by the Company as key talent.

(iii) The participant must demonstrate a strong alignment with the Company’s culture and values, consistent
      dedication to their role, a high degree of professional responsibility, a sustained record of outstanding performance,
      and a commitment to contributing to the long-term growth of the Group.

(iv) The participant must demonstrate sound professional ethics and must not: (a) have been found to have
     committed any breach of applicable laws, regulations, or the Company’s internal policies; or (b) be subject
     to any legal or regulatory restriction that would disqualify the participant from participating in equity incentive
     arrangements.

(v) The Board shall have the authority, at any time during the term of the Scheme, to determine, vary, or supplement
    the specific criteria or conditions applicable to participants, provided that any such determination is consistent
    with the terms of the Scheme and applicable law.

Scheme Mandate Limit

The maximum aggregate number of H Shares which may be the subject of Awards granted pursuant to the Scheme
shall not exceed 12,446,674 H Shares, representing approximately 2% of the total number of issued H Shares of the
Company as at the Adoption Date. Awards which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Scheme shall not
count towards the Scheme Mandate Limit and shall be available for re-grant.




                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026     SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant

The Scheme does not impose a specific limit on the maximum entitlement of each individual participant. The
maximum number of Restricted Share Units to be granted to any individual participant shall be determined by the
Board at its discretion, subject to the overall Scheme Mandate Limit.

Source of Awards

The Board and/or its Authorised Person may instruct the trustee to purchase H Shares of the Company on the
secondary market, funded from the internal resources of the Group. The Scheme does not involve the grant of new
Shares or options over new Shares of the Company.

Exercise Period

The Scheme involves only the grant of Restricted Share Units and does not involve the grant of options. Accordingly,
no exercise period is applicable under the Scheme.

Vesting

The Board shall determine the vesting conditions applicable to each grant, having regard to the Company’s
development strategy and business plans. The vesting period in respect of any Restricted Share Unit shall be not less
than 12 months from the date of grant, unless otherwise determined by the Board.

Amount Payable on Application or Acceptance

The Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion, determine the amount of consideration (the “Acceptance
Payment”) payable by a selected participant for the acceptance of an Award. The Acceptance Payment (if any) and
the terms of payment will be specified in the relevant grant letter issued to each selected participant. In the event that
the Vesting Conditions are not satisfied, the Board shall direct the Trustee to refund to the selected participant any
Acceptance Payment paid in respect of such lapsed Awards.

Basis of Exercise Price or Purchase Price

The Scheme involves only the grant of Restricted Share Units and does not involve the grant of options. Accordingly,
no exercise price is applicable. Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the grant letter issued to each selected participant
may specify a grant price, if applicable. The Acceptance Payment or grant price (if any) is determined at the sole and
absolute discretion of the Board. The H Shares underlying the Awards are to be acquired by the Trustee through
purchases on the secondary market funded from the internal resources of the Group.

The Scheme constitutes a share scheme funded by existing shares under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and is
subject to the applicable disclosure requirements under Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules.

Since the Adoption Date and as at 30 June 2026, no Awards had been outstanding, granted, vested, exercised,
cancelled or lapsed under the Scheme. Accordingly, the number of H Shares available for grant under the Scheme
Mandate Limit as at the beginning and end of the six months ended 30 June 2026 was nil and 12,446,674,
respectively, representing nil and approximately 2% of the total issued H Shares of the Company as at the date of this
report.




24         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.            INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

The Group did not hold any significant investment with a value greater than 5% of its total assets as at 30 June 2026.
Save as disclosed in this report, the Group does not have plans for material investments or capital assets.

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE JUNE 2025 PLACING OF SHARES

On 11 June 2025, the Company has placed a total of 38,400,000 new shares (the “June 2025 Placing Shares”),
representing approximately 6.69% of its total issued shares (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the June 2025
Placing Shares), at the placing price of HKD10.42 per June 2025 Placing Share to no less than six professional,
institutional and/or other investors who are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company, any
Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any of its respective
associates (the “June 2025 Placing”) with the aim to raise capital and strengthen the Company’s financial position.
The aggregate nominal value of the June 2025 Placing Shares was RMB38,400,000. The closing price of H shares
on the Stock Exchange on 3 June 2025 (being the date of the placing agreement) was HKD12.100. For details of
the June 2025 Placing, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 4 June 2025 and 11 June 2025 (the
“Placing Announcements”). In addition, the Company provided further information on the use of proceeds from
the June 2025 Placing in its announcement dated 14 August 2025 (together with the Placing Announcements, the
“Previous Announcements”). Accordingly, pursuant to the Previous Announcements, the Company shall apply
the net proceeds from the June 2025 Placing as follows: (a) approximately 50% (i.e. HKD198.15 million) will be
used for research and development of innovative product candidates, including: (i) the clinical trial of BA1106 (CD25
antibody), BA1301 (Claudin18.2 ADC) and BA1302 (CD228 ADC); (ii) non-clinical studies and clinical trial of BA1304
(EGFR/B7H3 bispecific ADC) and PR201 (PD-1/IL-2 probody); and (iii) proof of concept of other innovative product
candidates with market potential; (b) approximately 20% (i.e. HKD79.26 million) will be used for the commercialization
of marketed and upcoming products; and (c) approximately 30% (i.e. HKD118.20 million) will be used to replenish
the Company’s working capital and for general corporate purposes, specifically for (X) payments for suppliers; (Y)
employee salaries and benefits and directors’ remuneration; and (Z) other general management and administrative
expenses incurred in the course of daily operations.




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




To the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, the placees are third parties independent of and
not connected with the Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of
its subsidiaries, or any of their respective associates, and none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder (as
defined under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing
Rules”)) of the Company as a result of the placing. The Company has received total net proceeds from the placing
(after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses borne or incurred by the Company) of approximately HKD395.6
million. The net placing price, after deducting such fees, costs and expenses, is therefore approximately HKD10.30
per Placing Share. As at the date of this report, the usage of the net proceeds from the June 2025 Placing was as
follows:

                                                                                Approximate
                                                             Approximate         utilization of    Approximate      Approximate       Approximate         Expected
                                                              allocation of     net proceeds utilization of net      utilization of      amount of      timeline for
                                                             net proceeds                 as at proceeds during     net proceeds      net proceeds        utilisation
                                                             as previously      31 December        the reporting              as at unutilized as at   of unutilised
 Intended use of proceeds                                        disclosed                2025            period    30 June 2026      30 June 2026        proceeds
                                                            (HKD in million)   (HKD in million) (HKD in million)   (HKD in million) (HKD in million)


 Research and development of:                                        198.2
 (i) the clinical trial of BA1106 (CD25 antibody), BA1301                               40.0               13.5             53.5               58.5 By 31 December
       (Claudin18.2 ADC) and BA1302 (CD228 ADC)                                                                                                               2026
 (ii) non-clinical studies and clinical trial of BA1304                                  4.7                2.6               7.3               5.9 By 31 December
       (EGFR/B7H3 bispecific ADC) and PR201 (PD-1/IL-2                                                                                                        2026
       probody)
 (iii) proof of concept of other innovative                                             26.1               13.3             39.4               33.6 By 31 December
       product candidates with market potential                                                                                                               2026
 Commercialization of marketed and                                     79.3             79.3                  –             79.3                  –              –
       upcoming products
 Replenish the Company’s working capital                             118.1
       and for general corporate purposes:
       – Payments for suppliers                                                         61.9                  –             61.9                  –                –
       – Employee salaries and benefits and                                             49.1                  –             49.1                  –                –
           directors’ remuneration
       – Other general management and administrative                                     7.1                  –               7.1                 –                –
           expenses incurred
           in the course of daily operations


 Total                                                               395.6             268.2               29.4            297.6               98.0


Accordingly, as at 30 June 2026, the Company had used, and proposed to use, the proceeds from the June 2025
Placing according to the intentions previously disclosed by the Company.




26             SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE AUGUST 2025 PLACING OF SHARES

On 14 August 2025, the Company has placed a total of 48,000,000 new shares (the “August 2025 Placing
Shares”), representing approximately 7.71% of its total issued shares (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of
the August 2025 Placing Shares), at the placing price of HKD16.42 per August 2025 Placing Share to no less than
six professional, institutional and/or other investors who are third parties independent of and not connected with
the Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or
any of its respective associates (the “August 2025 Placing”) with the aim to raise capital for the Company and to
strengthen its financial position while broadening its Shareholder base. The aggregate nominal value of the August
2025 Placing Shares was RMB48,000,000. The closing price of H shares on the Stock Exchange on 6 August 2025
(being the date of the placing agreement) was HKD18. For details of the August 2025 Placing, please refer to the
Company’s announcements dated 7 August 2025 and 14 August 2025.

The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the August 2025 Placing as summarised as follows: (a)
approximately 50% shall be used for the research and development, clinical trials, registration filings, and
manufacturing of innovative product candidates; (b) approximately 20% shall be used for the commercialisation of
marketed and upcoming products; and (c) approximately 30% shall be used to replenish the Company’s working
capital and for general corporate purposes. For further details of each of the above use of proceeds, please refer to
the Company’s announcement dated 14 August 2025.

To the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, the placees are third parties independent of and
not connected with the Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of
its subsidiaries, or any of their respective associates, and none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder
(as defined under the Listing Rules) of the Company as a result of the placing. The Company has received total net
proceeds from the placing (after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses borne or incurred by the Company)
of approximately HKD780.4 million. The net placing price, after deducting such fees, costs and expenses, is therefore
approximately HKD16.26 per Placing Share. As at the date of this report, the usage of the net proceeds from the
August 2025 Placing was as follows:

                                                                                   Approximate        Approximate                         Approximate
                                                                Approximate         utilization of     utilization of                    amount of net          Expected
                                                                 allocation of     net proceeds       net proceeds      Approximate           proceeds       timeline for
                                                             net proceeds as                 as at       during the utilization of net       unutilized     utilisation of
                                                                    previously     31 December             reporting proceeds as at               as at        unutilised
 Intended use of proceeds                                           disclosed                2025             period    30 June 2026      30 June 2026          proceeds
                                                               (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)   (HKD in million) (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)

 Research and development of clinical trials, registration               390.2               12.8             28.9               41.7             348.5 By 31 December
    filings, and manufacturing of                                                                                                                                 2027
    innovative product candidates (1)
 Commercialization of marketed and                                       156.1               24.3             51.3               75.6               80.5 By 31 December
    upcoming products                                                                                                                                              2027
 Replenish the Company’s working capital
    and for general corporate purposes:
    – Payments for suppliers                                             110.4               25.6             19.8               45.4               65.0 By 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                   2027
    – Employee salaries and benefits and                                  65.3               24.0             40.4               64.4                0.9 By 31 December
      directors’ remuneration                                                                                                                                      2027
    – Other general management and                                        58.4               16.0               7.3              23.3               35.1 By 31 December
      administrative expenses incurred                                                                                                                             2027
      in the course of daily operations

 Total                                                                   780.4             102.7             147.7              250.4             530.0




                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026             SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                   27
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Note 1: Excludes clinical trials relating to the product candidates specified in the same category of use of proceeds from the June 2025
        Placing (i.e. (i) the clinical trial of BA1106 (CD25 antibody), BA1301 (Claudin18.2 ADC) and BA1302 (CD228 ADC); and (ii) non-
        clinical studies and clinical trial of BA1304 (EGFR/B7H3 bispecific ADC) and PR201 (PD-1/IL-2 probody)). This category includes
        other innovative product candidates that may arise from the Company’s ongoing research and development pipeline, as well as any
        new projects that advance to the clinical trial stage.


Accordingly, as at 30 June 2026, the Company had used, and proposed to use, the proceeds from the August 2025
Placing according to the intentions previously disclosed by the Company.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.21 OF THE LISTING RULES

On 12 April 2024, the Company entered into a loan facility with China Jingu International Trust Co., Ltd. (the “Lender”)
whereby the Lender has agreed to extend a term loan of RMB300,000,000 to the Company (the “Facility”). In
connection with the Facility, Shandong Luye, a controlling shareholder of the Company, has agreed to pledge
74,387,153 H shares of the Company in favour of the Lender as security for the Company’s repayment obligations
under the Facility. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 April 2024 for further details. The
above obligation continues to exist as at the date of this report.

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

After 30 June 2026 and up to the date of this report, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, there was no event
occurred that has significantly affected the Group.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company, or the laws of
the PRC, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares of the Company on a pro-rata basis to its existing
shareholders.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

No interim dividend was declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30
June 2025: Nil).

CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in information of Directors of the Company subsequent
to the date of the 2025 Annual Report are set out below:

(1) Ms. Jiang Hua has been designated as the chairlady of the Strategy Committee with effect from 31 March 2026;

(2) Mr. Wang Shenghan has been appointed as a member of the Strategy Committee with effect from 31 March
    2026; and

(3) Dr. Dou Changlin has reached the statutory retirement age and he has voluntarily resigned from his positions as
    executive Director, President of Research and Development and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and
    chairman of the Strategy Committee. He does not hold any other positions in the Company, its subsidiaries or
    its associated companies upon his resignation (the “Resignation”). The Resignation took effect from 31 March
    2026.

Save as disclosed above and in this report, there was no change to any of the information required to be disclosed in
relation to any Director and supervisors of the Company pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

28          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  INTERIM REPORT 2026
OTHER INFORMATION



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of
shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate
governance.

During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set
out in the CG Code, except for the following deviation:

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code

Under C.2.1 of the CG Code, the chairman and the chief executive officer should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual.

Under the current organisation structure of the Company, Ms. Jiang Hua is the chairlady and chief executive officer.
With extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, the Board considers that Ms. Jiang Hua should continue
to assume the roles of chairman and chief executive officer during the six months ended 30 June 2026 as this
arrangement will improve the efficiency of our decision-making and execution process given her knowledge of the
Group’s affairs. The Company has put in place an appropriate check-and-balance mechanism through the Board
and its independent non-executive Directors.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms meeting the
required standards as set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and
Supervisors and all the Directors and Supervisors have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code
throughout the six months ended 30 June 2026.

The Company has also adopted its own code of conduct regarding employees’ securities transactions on terms
meeting the required standard as set out in the Model Code. This ensures compliance by relevant employees who
are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company in respect of their dealings in the
Company’s securities.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

Save as disclosed in this report, there was no purchase, sale or redemption of any listed securities (including treasury
shares) of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the six months ended 30 June 2026. As at 30
June 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed together with the management the accounting principles and
policies adopted by the Group, the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and interim results
announcement of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and recommended its adoption by the Board.

In addition, the independent auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, has reviewed the unaudited interim results for
the six months ended 30 June 2026 in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review
of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 29
OTHER INFORMATION




DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITION IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 30 June 2026, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO), or which would be required, pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which would be required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”), are as follows:

(i) Interest in the Company

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                   percentage
                                                                                                                     holding in
                                                                         Class of               Number of      the total issued
 Name                                 Nature of Interest                 Shares                   Shares         share capital

 JIANG Hua                            Beneficial owner1, 2, 3            H Shares             9,000,000 (L)               1.45%
 LIU Yuanchong                        Beneficial owner1, 2, 3            H Shares             4,000,000 (L)               0.64%
 LI Li                                Beneficial owner4                  H Shares             3,500,000 (L)               0.56%
 WANG Shenghan                        Beneficial owner4                  H Shares             5,060,000 (L)               0.81%

Remark:   The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities.


Notes:

1.   Yantai Bolian Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博聯投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bolian”) held 21,415,548 Shares.
     Pursuant to the partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bolian held 4,720,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG, who is
     deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bolian.

2.   Yantai Bofa Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博發投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bofa”) held 11,268,488 Shares. Pursuant
     to the partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bofa held 1,800,000 and 1,000,000 Shares on behalf of Ms. JIANG and Mr.
     LIU, respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bofa.

3.   Yantai Bosheng Investment Center Limited Partnership (煙台博晟投資中心（有限合伙）) (“Yantai Bosheng”) holds 14,954,632 Shares.
     Pursuant to the partnership agreement among its partners, Yantai Bosheng held 2,480,000 and 3,000,000 Shares on behalf of Ms.
     JIANG and Mr. LIU, respectively, who are deemed to be interested to these respective Shares held by Yantai Bosheng.

4.   The Shares involved represents the Shares of the Company under the employee share incentive plan.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the Company
has any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) recorded in the register required to be kept
under section 352 of the SFO, or (ii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code.




30          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                    INTERIM REPORT 2026
OTHER INFORMATION




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2026, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) had, or deemed to have or taken to have an interest and/or short
position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Division 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                       percentage of
                                                                                                     shareholding in
 Name of                                                          Class of           Number of       the total issued
 Shareholder                          Nature of Interest          Shares               Shares           share capital

 Shandong Luye                      Beneficial owner1             H Shares       260,109,856 (L)             41.80%
                                    Beneficial owner1             H Shares        74,387,153 (S)             11.95%
 Yantai Luye Pharmaceutical         Interest in a controlled      H Shares       260,109,856 (L)             41.80%
   Holdings Co., Ltd.                  corporation1
   (煙台綠葉醫藥控股（集團）                    Interest in a controlled      H Shares        74,387,153 (S)             11.95%
   有限公司) (“Yantai Luye”)               corporation1
 Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited      Interest in a controlled      H Shares       260,109,856 (L)             41.80%
   (“Luye HK”)                         corporation1
                                    Interest in a controlled      H Shares        74,387,153 (S)             11.95%
                                       corporation1
 AsiaPharm Investments Ltd.         Interest in a controlled      H Shares       260,109,856 (L)             41.80%
   (“AsiaPharm”)                       corporation1
                                    Interest in a controlled      H Shares        74,387,153 (S)             11.95%
                                       corporation1
 Luye Pharma                        Interest in a controlled      H Shares       360,596,456 (L)             57.94%
                                       corporation1
                                    Interest in a controlled      H Shares       174,873,584 (S)             28.10%
                                       corporation1
 LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment     Interest in a controlled      H Shares       360,596,456 (L)             57.94%
   Co., Ltd. (“LuYe Investment”)       corporation2
                                    Interest in a controlled      H Shares       174,873,584 (S)             28.10%
                                       corporation2
 LuYe Pharmaceutical International Interest in a controlled       H Shares       360,596,456 (L)             57.94%
   Co., Ltd. (“LuYe International”)    corporation2
                                    Interest in a controlled      H Shares       174,873,584 (S)             28.10%
                                       corporation2
 Luye Pharma Holdings Limited       Interest in a controlled      H Shares       360,596,456 (L)             57.94%
   (“Luye Holdings”)                   corporation2
                                    Interest in a controlled      H Shares       174,873,584 (S)             28.10%
                                       corporation2
 Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd.      Interest in a controlled      H Shares       360,596,456 (L)             57.94%
   (“Luye Life Sciences”)              corporation2
                                    Interest in a controlled      H Shares       174,873,584 (S)             28.10%
                                       corporation2




                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             31
OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                                                       shareholding in
 Name of                                                                     Class of                 Number of        the total issued
 Shareholder                             Nature of Interest                  Shares                     Shares            share capital


 Nelumbo Investments Limited             Interest in a controlled            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               57.94%
   (“Nelumbo”)                              corporation2
                                         Interest in a controlled            H Shares            174,873,584 (S)               28.10%
                                            corporation2
 Ginkgo (PTC) Limited (“Ginkgo”)         Trustee2                            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               57.94%
                                         Trustee2                            H Shares            174,873,584 (S)               28.10%
 Shorea LBG (“Shorea”)                   Interest in a controlled            H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               57.94%
                                            corporation2
                                         Interest in a controlled            H Shares            174,873,584 (S)               28.10%
                                            corporation2
 Mr. LIU Dian Bo                         Founder of a discretionary          H Shares            360,596,456 (L)               57.94%
                                            trust2
                                         Founder of a discretionary          H Shares            174,873,584 (S)               28.10%
                                            trust2
 Luye Geneora Holding Limited            Beneficial owner                    H Shares            100,486,600 (L)               16.15%
                                         Beneficial owner                    H Shares            100,486,600 (S)               16.15%
 Central Huijin Investment Ltd.3         Interest in a controlled            H Shares             74,387,153 (L)               11.95%
                                            corporation
 Ms. LIU Zhen Zhen4                      Interest in a controlled            H Shares              47,638,668 (L)                7.65%
                                            corporation

Remark:   The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

Notes:

1.   Shandong Luye is wholly owned by Yantai Luye, which in turn is wholly owned by Luye HK. Luye HK is in turn wholly owned by AsiaPharm
     and AsiaPharm is wholly owned by Luye Pharma. Accordingly, each of Luye Pharma, AsiaPharm, Luye HK and Yantai Luye is deemed
     under the SFO to be interested in the Shares held by Shandong Luye.

2.   Luye Pharma is beneficially owned as to approximately 31.20% by LuYe Investment. LuYe Investment is indirectly wholly-owned by
     Luye Life Sciences, through LuYe International and Luye Holdings. Luye Life Sciences is owned as to 70% by Nelumbo. The entire issued
     share capital of Nelumbo is held by Ginkgo as trustee of the family trust of Mr. LIU. Ginkgo is wholly-owned by Shorea whose sole
     shareholder is Mr. LIU. Mr. LIU is a director of Luye Pharma. For the avoidance of doubt, LuYe Investment, LuYe International, Luye
     Holdings, Luye Life Sciences, Nelumbo, Ginkgo, Shorea and Mr. LIU are not substantial shareholders of the Company.

3.   Jingu Ruida No.18 Fund Trust (“Jingu Ruida”) held the Shares as collateral. Jingu Ruida is wholly-owned by China Cinda Asset
     Management Co., Ltd. (“China Cinda”). Accordingly, China Cinda is deemed under the SFO to be interested in the Shares held by
     Jingu Ruida.

4.   Ms. LIU is the general partner of Yantai Bolian, Yantai Bofa and Yantai Bosheng and is therefore deemed to be interested in the
     21,415,548 Shares, 11,268,488 Shares and 14,954,632 Shares held by Yantai Bolian, Yantai Bofa and Yantai Bosheng respectively.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, the Directors are not aware of any person who had interests or
short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be
kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




32          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                     INTERIM REPORT 2026
OTHER INFORMATION




SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION IN RELATION TO THE ANNUAL REPORTS FOR THE
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024 AND THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

The Company would like to provide the following supplemental information in relation to the use of proceeds from the
August 2024 Placing.

On 7 August 2024, the Company has placed a total of 26,655,600 new Shares (the “August 2024 Placing
Shares”), representing approximately 4.97% of its total issued shares (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of
the August 2024 Placing Shares), at the placing price of HKD9.50 per August 2024 Placing Share to no less than
six professional, institutional and/or other investors who are third parties independent of and not connected with the
Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any
of its respective associates (the “August 2024 Placing”). The placing represented an opportunity to raise capital for
the Company and to strengthen its financial position while broadening its Shareholder base. The aggregate nominal
value of the August 2024 Placing Shares was RMB26,655,600. The closing price of H shares on the Stock Exchange
on 30 July 2024 (being the date of the placing agreement) was HKD9.790. For details of the placing, please refer to
the Company’s announcements dated 31 July 2024 and 7 August 2024.

To the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, the placees are third parties independent of and
not connected with the Company, any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of
its subsidiaries, or any of their respective associates, and none of the placees has become a substantial shareholder
(as defined under the Listing Rules) of the Company as a result of the placing. The Company has received total net
proceeds from the placing (after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses borne or incurred by the Company)
of approximately HKD250.68 million. The net placing price, after deducting such fees, costs and expenses, is
therefore approximately HKD9.40 per Placing Share. As at 31 December 2024, the usage of the net proceeds from
the August 2024 Placing was as follows:

                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                          Approximate        Approximate           amount of
                                                                       Approximate         utilization of     utilization of       unutilized           Expected
                                                                        allocation of     net proceeds       net proceeds           proceeds          timeline for
                                                                       net proceeds                 as at              as at            as at           utilisation
                                                                       as previously      31 December        31 December        31 December          of unutilised
 Intended use of proceeds                                                  disclosed                2023               2024             2024            proceeds
                                                                      (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)


 Research and development of:                                                  125.3                N/A                87.2               38.1    By 30 June 2025
 (i) the phase 3 clinical trial and marketing registration of
       BA1104 in China
 (ii) the international multi-center phase 3 clinical trial and
       marketing registration of Denosumab Injection (BA6101
       and BA1102) in Europe, the United States, and Japan
 (iii) the clinical trials of various innovative product candidates
 Commercialization of Boyounuo, Boyoubei and Boluojia                            50.1               N/A                24.1               26.0    By 30 June 2025
 Replenish the Company’s working capital and for general                         75.3               N/A                57.7               17.6    By 30 June 2025
       corporate purposes


 Total                                                                         250.7                N/A              169.0                81.7




                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026          SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                                  33
OTHER INFORMATION




Accordingly, as at 31 December 2024, the Company had used, and proposed to use, the proceeds from the August
2024 Placing according to the intentions previously disclosed by the Company.

As at 31 December 2025, the usage of the net proceeds from the August 2024 Placing was as follows:

                                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                               Approximate           Approximate        Approximate           amount of
                                                            Approximate         utilization of        utilization of     utilization of    net proceeds
                                                             allocation of     net proceeds      net proceeds for       net proceeds           unutilized
                                                            net proceeds                 as at    the year ended                  as at             as at
                                                            as previously      31 December           31 December        31 December        31 December
 Intended use of proceeds                                       disclosed                2024                  2025               2025              2025
                                                           (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)      (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)   (HKD in million)


 Research and development of:                                       125.3                87.2                  38.1             125.3                   –
 (i) the phase 3 clinical trial and marketing
      registration of BA1104 in China
 (ii) the international multi-center phase 3 clinical
      trial and marketing registration of Denosumab
      Injection (BA6101 and BA1102) in Europe, the
      United States, and Japan
 (iii) the clinical trials of various innovative product
      candidates
 Commercialization of Boyounuo, Boyoubei and
      Boluojia                                                        50.1               24.1                  26.0               50.1                  –
 Replenish the Company’s working capital and for
      general corporate purposes                                      75.3               57.7                  17.6               75.3                  –


 Total                                                              250.7              169.0                   81.7             250.7                   –


Accordingly, as at 31 December 2025, (i) the Company had used the proceeds from the August 2024 Placing
according to the intentions previously disclosed by the Company; and (ii) the Company had fully utilised all of the net
proceeds from the August 2024 Placing according to the intentions previously disclosed.




34              SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                           INTERIM REPORT 2026
INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT



                               Ernst & Young                   ‫ࡋ؍‬㫵嬴㍳з⥽۱                        Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                               27/F, One Taikoo Place          ௚࢔每欧ࢅਸ਼छଳ 垹                  Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                               979 King’s Road
                                                               ‫ן‬Վⵐ▲‫ ڇ‬㶣                      ey.com
                               Quarry Bay, Hong Kong



To the board of directors of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 36 to 50, which comprises the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position of Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and
explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation
of this interim financial information in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this
interim financial information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our
agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of
persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that
might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information
is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
27 August 2026




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                 35
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                                      2026          2025
                                                                                (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                     Notes        RMB’000        RMB’000


REVENUE                                                                4           233,000        393,410
Cost of sales                                                                      (87,004)      (110,826)


Gross profit                                                                       145,996       282,584

Other income and gains                                                                7,385           2,584
Research and development costs                                                      (92,008)       (58,572)
Administrative expenses                                                             (15,461)       (23,175)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                  (107,105)     (159,793)
Other expenses                                                                         (127)         (3,582)
Finance costs                                                                       (21,689)       (19,532)


(LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                               5            (83,009)       20,514

Income tax expense                                                     6                  –               –


(LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                        (83,009)       20,514


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                              (83,009)       20,514


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                            (187)           (76)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
 FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                                                            (187)           (76)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
  FOR THE PERIOD                                                                    (83,196)       20,438


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                              (83,196)       20,438


(LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                8              (0.13)          0.04




36         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          INTERIM REPORT 2026
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
30 June 2026



                                                                                   30 June    31 December
                                                                                      2026           2025
                                                                                (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                    Notes         RMB’000         RMB’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                                      595,997           588,063
Advance payments for property, plant and equipment and
   intangible assets                                                                 63,489         95,797
Right-of-use assets                                                                   3,924          3,980
Intangible assets                                                                 1,473,010      1,424,490

Total non-current assets                                                          2,136,420      2,112,330

CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                                         174,360        129,964
Trade and notes receivables                                           9             571,736        671,275
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                      72,985         79,120
Pledged deposits                                                                        407          2,549
Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,105,453      1,130,402

Total current assets                                                              1,924,941      2,013,310

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and notes payables                                              10           128,024           148,289
Other payables and accruals                                                        228,930           236,478
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                         735,747           469,641
Due to related parties                                               12(c)          14,557            10,240

Total current liabilities                                                         1,107,258          864,648

NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                 817,683       1,148,662

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                             2,954,103      3,260,992

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                         107,841           313,635
Government grants                                                                   67,507            67,465
Other non-current liabilities                                                      118,037           140,005

Total non-current liabilities                                                      293,385           521,105

Net assets                                                                        2,660,718      2,739,887

EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                                       622,334        622,334
Reserves                                                                          2,038,384      2,117,553

Total equity                                                                      2,660,718      2,739,887



                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        37
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                                         Safety     Exchange
                                               Share        Share           Other    production    fluctuation Accumulated       Total
                                              capital    premium         reserves       reserve        reserve      losses      equity
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


At 1 January 2026 (audited)                   622,334    2,521,456        139,418         9,146        1,558      (554,025)   2,739,887
Loss for the period                                 –            –              –             –            –       (83,009)     (83,009)
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations                                –            –              –             –         (187)            –         (187)


Total comprehensive loss for the period             –            –              –             –         (187)      (83,009)     (83,196)
Appropriation to safety production reserve          –            –              –           961            –          (961)           –
Safety production reserve used                      –            –              –        (1,020)           –         1,020            –
Share-based payment arrangements                    –            –          4,027             –            –             –        4,027


At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                   622,334    2,521,456        143,445         9,087        1,371      (636,975)   2,660,718


                                                                                         Safety     Exchange
                                                Share       Share            Other   production    fluctuation Accumulated       Total
                                               capital   premium          reserves      reserve        reserve      losses      equity
                                             RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


At 1 January 2025 (audited)                   535,934    1,532,321        126,048        7,235         1,758      (559,258)   1,644,038
Profit for the period                               –            –              –            –             –        20,514       20,514
Exchange differences on translation of
  foreign operations                                –            –              –             –          (76)            –          (76)


Total comprehensive income for the period           –            –              –             –          (76)      20,514       20,438
Issue of shares                                38,400     327,725               –             –            –             –     366,125
Share issue expenses                                –       (4,107)             –             –            –             –       (4,107)
Appropriation to safety production reserve          –            –              –        1,163             –        (1,163)           –
Safety production reserve used                      –            –              –           (24)           –            24            –
Share-based payment arrangements                    –            –          6,638             –            –             –        6,638


At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                   574,334    1,855,939        132,686        8,374         1,682      (539,883)   2,033,132




38             SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  INTERIM REPORT 2026
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                                       2026           2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
(Loss)/profit before tax                                                             (83,009)          20,514
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                                      21,689            19,532
  Bank interest income                                                                1,533                 –
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      25,249            23,467
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                    56                56
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                  24,761            16,351
  Loss/(gain) on termination of leases                                                   87              (349)
  Impairment on trade receivables, net                                                 (522)            4,902
  Reversal of impairment on other receivables                                             –              (509)
  Foreign exchange differences, net                                                      21                 –
  Share-based payment expense                                                         4,027             6,638


                                                                                     (6,108)            90,602
(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                  (44,396)            25,531
Decrease/(increase) in trade and notes receivables                                  100,061            (78,367)
Decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                           6,135             32,238
Decrease/(increase) in pledged deposits                                               2,142              (4,970)
Decrease in trade and notes payables                                                (20,265)             (1,898)
Decrease in other payables and accruals                                             (10,229)           (19,698)
Increase in amounts due to related parties                                            4,317           101,409
Decrease in non-current liabilities                                                 (21,968)                   –
Decrease in government grants                                                             –                  (88)


Cash generated from operations                                                         9,689          144,759


Net cash flows from operating activities                                               9,689          144,759




                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          39
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                    2026          2025
                                                                              (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


Net cash flows from operating activities                                            9,689      144,759


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                (7,575)       (24,570)
Increase in intangible assets                                                     (64,006)     (123,519)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                       61              –
Bank interest received                                                             (1,533)             –


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                       (73,053)     (148,089)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                                           362,411      213,857
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                           (302,775)      (91,914)
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                           –      362,018
Principal portion of lease payments                                                     –          (301)
Interest paid                                                                     (21,013)      (19,154)


Net cash flows from financing activities                                          38,623       464,506


NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                              (24,741)     461,176
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                1,130,402      198,867
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                         (208)          (77)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                      1,105,453      659,966


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                          1,105,860      671,974
Less: Pledged deposits for bank and other borrowings                                    –         (2,000)
Less: Pledged deposits for notes payable                                             (407)      (10,008)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the interim condensed consolidated
  statement of financial position and the interim condensed consolidated
  statement of cash flows                                                       1,105,453      659,966




40         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.        INTERIM REPORT 2026
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

  The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been
  prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial
  information does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and
  should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
  December 2025.

2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

  The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information
  are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements
  for the year ended 31 December 2025, except for the adoption of the following amended IFRS Accounting
  Standards for the first time for the current period’s financial information.

  Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                   Instruments

  Annual Improvements to IFRS                     Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7
    Accounting Standards – Volume 11

  The nature and impact of the amended IFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

  (a) Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
      Instruments clarify that a financial asset is derecognised when the entity’s rights to the contractual cash flows
      expire or are transferred, while a financial liability is derecognised on the settlement date. The amendments
      introduce an accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic
      payment system before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess
      the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance
      and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying
      financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also
      include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features. Since the Group’s accounting
      policy for the derecognition of financial assets and liabilities in prior years aligned with the amendments and
      the Group did not have the financial assets that were addressed by the amendments, the amendments did
      not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information. The Group will provide
      additional disclosures for its equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
      in the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2026.

  (b) Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out narrow scope amendments to
      IFRS 1, IFRS 7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7), IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7.
      The amendments include clarifications, simplifications, corrections or changes to improve consistency in
      the corresponding IFRS Accounting Standards. The amendments did not have any impact on the interim
      condensed consolidated financial information.




                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                  41
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



3. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     For management purposes, the Group is not organised into business units based on their products and only
     has one reportable operating segment. Management monitors the operating results of the Group’s operating
     segment as a whole for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.

4. REVENUE

     An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                    For the six months
                                                                                      ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026            2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


     Revenue from contracts with customers                                           233,000           393,410


     Disaggregated revenue information for revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                    For the six months
                                                                                      ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026            2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


     Type of goods or services
     Sale of products                                                                212,606           385,275
     Out-licensing agreements                                                         18,160             5,275
     Provision of research and development services                                    2,234             2,860


     Total                                                                           233,000           393,410


     Timing of revenue recognition
     Transferred at a point in time                                                  233,000           393,410


     Geographical market information
     Chinese mainland                                                                219,363           393,410
     Other countries                                                                  13,637                 –


     Total                                                                           233,000           393,410




42           SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.      INTERIM REPORT 2026
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



5. (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAX

  The Group’s (loss)/profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                        For the six months
                                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


  Cost of inventories sold                                                                 86,805           110,227
  Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                           199               599
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            25,249            23,467
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                          56                 56
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                        24,761            16,351
  Auditor’s remuneration                                                                      802               802
  Impairment on trade receivables, net                                                       (522)            4,902
  Reversal of impairment on other receivables                                                   –              (509)
  Foreign exchange differences, net                                                          (825)            1,442
  Government grants                                                                        (2,125)             (932)
  Bank interest income                                                                     (2,388)               (70)


6. INCOME TAX

  The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
  members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

                                                                                        For the six months
                                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


  Current and deferred tax charge for the period                                                 –                  –


7. DIVIDENDS

  No interim dividend was declared by the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30
  June 2025: Nil).




                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026    SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                43
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



8. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS
   OF THE PARENT

     The calculation of the basic loss per share amounts is based on the loss for the period attributable to ordinary
     equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 622,333,694 (2025:
     574,333,694) outstanding during the period.

     The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the six months ended 30 June 2026
     and 2025.

9. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES

                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                          2026              2025
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


     Trade receivables                                                                   562,145           650,204
     Notes receivable                                                                     12,751            24,753


                                                                                         574,896           674,957
     Impairment                                                                           (3,160)            (3,682)


     Net carrying amount                                                                 571,736           671,275


     The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally one to three
     months, extending up to six months for major customers and depending on the specific payment terms in each
     contract. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control
     department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view
     of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified
     customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other
     credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

     As at 30 June 2026, notes receivable of RMB5,795,000 (31 December 2025: RMB6,978,000) whose fair
     values approximate to their carrying values were classified as financial assets at fair value through other
     comprehensive income under IFRS 9. The fair value changes of these notes receivable at fair value through other
     comprehensive income were insignificant. The remaining notes receivable of RMB6,956,000 (31 December
     2025: RMB17,775,000) were measured at amortised cost.




44         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.          INTERIM REPORT 2026
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



9. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

  An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and
  net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                    30 June       31 December
                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


  Within 1 year                                                                       558,974           646,464
  1 to 2 years                                                                             11                58


  Total                                                                               558,985           646,522


10. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES

                                                                                    30 June       31 December
                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


  Trade payables                                                                       99,106           103,498
  Notes payable                                                                        28,918            44,791


  Total                                                                               128,024           148,289


  An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
  follows:

                                                                                    30 June       31 December
                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


  Within 3 months                                                                      66,292            61,587
  3 to 6 months                                                                        19,439            13,458
  6 to 12 months                                                                        6,030             7,727
  1 to 2 years                                                                          2,330            15,580
  Over 2 years                                                                          5,015             5,146


  Total                                                                                99,106           103,498




                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026   SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               45
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



10. TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES (CONTINUED)

     The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

     The maturity of notes payable is within six months.

     At 30 June 2026, notes payable were secured by certain of the Group’s deposits amounting to approximately
     RMB407,000 (31 December 2025: RMB2,549,000).

11. COMMITMENTS

     At the end of the reporting period, the Group had contractual commitments of RMB147,613,000 (31 December
     2025: RMB150,906,000) for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment.

12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     The Group’s principal related parties are as follows:

      Name                                                                          Relationship with the Company


      Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Luye”)                     The immediate holding company
      Mr. Liu Dian Bo                                                                    Director of Shandong Luye
      Yantai Luye Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Luye”)                 Shareholder of Shandong Luye
      Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited (“Luye Hong Kong”)                                  Shareholder of Yantai Luye
      Nanjing Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Luye”)                              Controlled by Yantai Luye
      Nanjing Junshi Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Junshi”)              Controlled by Shandong Luye
      Nanjing Jimai Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Jimai”)                   Controlled by Nanjing Luye
      Shandong International Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd.                     Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
        (“Biotech Park Development”)
      GeneLeap Biotechnology LLC (“GeneLeap Biotechnology”)                           Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
      Yantai Pull Valley Winery Management Co., Ltd. (“Pull Valley Winery”)           Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
      Qingdao Luye Shanghe Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.                        Controlled by Mr. Liu Dian Bo
        (“Qingdao Luye”)




46         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.             INTERIM REPORT 2026
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

  (a) The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                               For the six months ended 30
                                                                                                           June
                                                                                                       2026            2025
                                                                                                (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)
                                                                               Notes               RMB’000          RMB’000


     Sales of goods to:
       Qingdao Luye                                                               (i)                      198                     –
     Purchases of welfare goods from:
       Pull Valley Winery                                                         (ii)                     359                     7
     Lease and property management services from:
       Shandong Luye                                                              (ii)                    870                 1,000
       Biotech Park Development                                                   (ii)                  1,079                 1,419
       Nanjing Luye                                                               (ii)                      –                   320
     Operation services from:
       Nanjing Luye                                                               (ii)                        –                 327
       Nanjing Jimai                                                              (ii)                        –                 100
     Payments on behalf by:
       Shandong Luye                                                              (iii)                 2,194                 2,127
       Biotech Park Development                                                   (iii)                   714                     –
     Repayments to:
       Shandong Luye                                                              (iii)                     64                    –
       Biotech Park Development                                                   (iii)                    101                2,369
       GeneLeap Biotechnology                                                     (iii)                      –                  472

     Notes:

     (i)     The transaction price was determined on normal commercial terms, negotiated on arm’s length basis, and on similar basis as
             the Group conducted businesses with major customers.

     (ii)    The transaction prices were determined on terms mutually agreed between the parties with reference to the actual costs
             incurred and fees for similar transactions in the market.

     (iii)   The payments on behalf were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


  (b) Other transactions with related parties:

     As at 30 June 2026, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, and Yantai Luye,
     shareholder of Shandong Luye, have guaranteed the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB90,189,000 (31
     December 2025: RMB134,881,000).

     As at 30 June 2026, Shandong Luye, the Company’s immediate holding company, has guaranteed
     the Group’s bank and other borrowings amounting to RMB701,427,000 (31 December 2025:
     RMB584,972,000).




                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.                        47
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     (c) Outstanding balances with related parties:

                                                                                                  30 June         31 December
                                                                                                     2026                2025
                                                                                               (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

        Due to related parties:
        Shandong Luye *                                                                                7,520               4,353
        Biotech Park Development **                                                                    2,822               1,023
        Nanjing Luye                                                                                       –                 362
        Luye Hong Kong ***                                                                             2,683               2,770
        Nanjing Junshi                                                                                 1,532               1,532
        Nanjing Jimai                                                                                      –                 200


        Total                                                                                        14,557               10,240

        *      At 30 June 2026, a balance of RMB1,959,000 was trade in nature (31 December 2025: RMB1,004,000), and a balance of
               RMB5,561,000 was non-trade in nature (31 December 2025: RMB3,349,000).

        **     At 30 June 2026, a balance of RMB1,079,000 was trade in nature (31 December 2025: nil), and a balance of RMB1,743,000
               was non-trade in nature (31 December 2025: RMB1,023,000).

        ***    The balances were non-trade in nature.


        Except as disclosed above, other outstanding balances with related parties were trade in nature.

        The balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.

     (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                                    ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2026            2025
                                                                                               (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000

        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                      4,514               4,219
        Performance related bonuses                                                                        –               1,130
        Pension scheme contributions                                                                     298                 335
        Share-based payment expense                                                                    2,897               4,775


        Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                            7,709              10,459




48            SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.              INTERIM REPORT 2026
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



13. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and
  notes receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade and notes
  payable, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, amounts due to related parties and current
  portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the
  short term maturities of these instruments.

  The Group’s finance department headed by the financial manager is responsible for determining the policies
  and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to
  the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the
  movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The
  valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.

  The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
  exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
  methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

  The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings have been calculated
  by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
  credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance
  risk were assessed to be insignificant.

  The fair values of the notes receivable classified as debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows, which are the par values of the
  notes receivable. In addition, the notes receivable will mature within twelve months, and thus, their fair values
  approximate to their carrying values.

  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

  Assets measured at fair value:
  As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)

                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                            Quoted prices          Significant       Significant
                                                 in active         observable      unobservable
                                                 markets               inputs            inputs
                                                 (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)             Total
                                                RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

  Notes receivable                                         –             5,795                   –             5,795

  As at 31 December 2025 (Audited)

                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                             Quoted prices           Significant       Significant
                                                  in active         observable      unobservable
                                                  markets                inputs            inputs
                                                  (Level 1)            (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

  Notes receivable                                         –             6,978                   –             6,978

  During the period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
  transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (six months ended 30 June 2025:
  Nil).


                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026       SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.               49
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



13. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)

     Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

     As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)

                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                        Quoted prices       Significant       Significant
                                             in active      observable      unobservable
                                             markets            inputs            inputs
                                             (Level 1)        (Level 2)         (Level 3)       Total
                                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


     Interest-bearing bank and other
        borrowings                                      –       107,841                  –     107,841


     As at 31 December 2025 (Audited)

                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                         Quoted prices        Significant       Significant
                                              in active      observable      unobservable
                                              markets             inputs            inputs
                                              (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)      Total
                                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


     Interest-bearing bank and other
        borrowings                                      –       313,635                  –     313,635




50         SHANDONG BOAN BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.    INTERIM REPORT 2026
