Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited                                                                 Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
森松國際控股有限公司                                                                                                       森松國際控股有限公司
（於香港註冊成立的有限公司）                                                                                                   (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
股份代號：2155                                                                                                        Stock code : 2155




                                                   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited 森松國際控股有限公司
                                             年報                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT




                                                       Annual Report 2025 年報
Contents
Corporate Information                              2

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement                4

Directors and Senior Management                    6

Financial Summary                                13

Management Discussion and Analysis               14

Directors’ Report                                41

Corporate Governance Report                      67

Environmental, Social and Governance Report      92

Independent Auditor’s Report                     122

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         129

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income                       130

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     131

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      133

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             135

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   137

Definitions and Glossary                         240




                                                       Annual Report 2025   1
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

    Executive Directors                                      Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap
                                                             Ms. Lau Wai Yee
    Mr. Nishimatsu Koei
    Mr. Hirazawa Jungo                                       AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Tang Weihua
    Mr. Sheng Ye                                             Mr. Nishimatsu Koei
    Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka                                   Ms. Lau Wai Yee

    Non-executive Directors                                  AUDIT COMMITTEE

    Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)                        Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly (Chairperson)
                                                             Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (With effect from March 23, 2026)
    Independent Non-executive Directors                      Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto
                                                             Mr. Kanno Shinichiro (Ceased on December 24, 2025)
    Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
    Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (With effect from March 23, 2026)   REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Yu Jianguo
    Mr. Kanno Shinichiro (Ceased on December 24, 2025)       Mr. Yu Jianguo (Chairman)
                                                             Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (With effect from March 23, 2026)
    REGISTERED OFFICE                                        Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto
                                                             Mr. Kanno Shinichiro (Ceased on December 24, 2025)
    29/F, One Exchange Square
    8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong                    NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                       Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)
    BUSINESS IN THE PRC                                      Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
                                                             Mr. Yu Jianguo
    6/F, No. 88 South Shendi Road
    Pudong New District, Shanghai, PRC                       HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

    COMPANY’S WEBSITE ADDRESS                                Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                             17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    www.morimatsu-online.com                                 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong




2      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL BANKERS                                      LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAW

Agricultural Bank of China Shanghai Zhangqiao Branch   Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
2/F, 600 Jialin Road                                   Suites 3203–3209, 32/F, Edinburgh Tower
Pudong New District, Shanghai, PRC                     The Landmark, 15 Queen’s Road Central
                                                       Central, Hong Kong
Mizuho Bank (China) Limited
21/F, Shanghai World Financial Centre                  AUDITOR
100 Century Avenue
Pudong New District, Shanghai, PRC                     KPMG
                                                       Public Interest Entity Auditor registered under the
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (China) Limited    Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
11/F, Shanghai World Financial Centre                  8/F, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road
100 Century Avenue                                     Central, Hong Kong
Pudong New District, Shanghai, PRC
                                                       STOCK CODE

                                                       2155




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   3
    Chief Executive Officer’s Statement


    Dear Shareholders, Investors and Business Partners,

    On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Morimatsu International Holdings Company
    Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the annual report of the
    Group for the year ended 31 December 2025, with an aim to provide a recap of the journey during the past year and an
    outlook of our future development.

    In 2025, the global geopolitical landscape was deeply intertwined, and the economic environment remained fraught with
    uncertainty. Under such turbulent global conditions, all employees of the Group stood united in navigating through the
    headwinds. We remained confident in achieving our goals, honed our strengths with resilience, and proved our value with
    tangible results. Buoyed by the unwavering support of the Board, we achieved a rebound in performance after hitting rock
    bottom, successfully weathering the challenging times.

    Adapting to the Times: Keeping pace with the times and aligning with global trends. Today, the world
    is undergoing profound technological innovation and industrial transformation. Public health, green energy, and digital
    technology have become universally shared concerns, while reshaping supply chain security has become an irreversible
    trend. The Group consistently contextualises its development within the broader era, proactively adjusting its strategic
    priorities. We continually expand our business scope in emerging fields such as biopharmaceutical, new energy, novel
    materials, and smart computing. By aligning with market dynamics, exploring new directions, and delving into potential
    demand, we actively translate these insights into tangible actions.

    Global Expansion: Creating cross-border synergy, from points to areas. During the Reporting Period,
    the Group further expanded its strategic footprint by acquiring the Swiss-based Bioengineering AG, injecting robust
    momentum into development in the biopharmaceutical and synthetic biology sectors. Following a series of internal
    integration and optimization efforts, Bioengineering AG will synergize with other brands under the Group to extend the
    upstream pharmaceutical supply chain and create higher-value incremental opportunities for downstream industries. In
    2025, construction of phase II of the Malaysian manufacturing base was successfully completed. As a pioneer in advancing
    global manufacturing, this facility serves as a critical hub. In the fourth quarter of the same year, the Group contracted with
    a new partner to lease premises in Chonburi Province, Thailand, as a new manufacturing base, and the renovation work has
    commenced. In the future, these efforts will further enhance overseas hardware production capacity, offering customers
    more options.

    Tech-driven Excellence: Unwavering innovation forges excellence. The Group’s vibrant vitality stems from
    persistent technological advancement and product innovation. The Group maintains long-term commitment to research
    and development investment, striving to build leading advantages in core processes, engineering design, material
    synthesis, smart manufacturing, digital delivery and other fields. In 2024, artificial intelligence technology has experienced
    a comprehensive breakthrough. From massive storage to smart computing, every technological leap imposes higher-level
    requirements on various aspects of the Group, including product delivery, research and development capabilities,
    operational efficiency, and human resources. The Group believes that, what we deliver is not merely the product itself, but
    more importantly, a commitment to the security, stability, and profitability of our customers’ projects, whether now or in
    the future. Moving forward, the Group will remain committed to scientific research and innovation, keeping pace with the
    evolving innovation demands of downstream industries to deliver increasingly diverse and exceptional products and services
    to customers.




4      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                        Chief Executive Officer’s Statement




Gathering Talent, Pooling Wisdom: Tempered into resilience, bound by culture. Human resource
development of the Group consistently balances specialization and versatility. Approximately 10% of personnel focus
exclusively on specific niche areas, dedicating themselves to refining processes and advancing technological research
and development. Over 70% of staff are capable of supporting various product lines and business segments, effectively
enhancing overall operational flexibility and resource utilization efficiency. During the Reporting Period, both the total
number of active employees and the number of foreign employees reached historic highs. The Group believes that a diverse
talent pipeline will better facilitate cross-regional communication internally and externally, fostering a more multifaceted
global perspective. By leveraging each other’s strengths and advancing collaboratively, we are poised to achieve mutual
success across all stakeholders.

Navigating into the Future: Joining forces to embark on a new journey. In 2026, the Group will continue to
focus on four major directions: premiumization, greening, intelligentization, and internationalization. With keen insight and
unwavering conviction, we’ll stay realistic and pragmatic while charging ahead. In an era where evolution thrives and risks
persist, the Group recognizes that only by keeping pace with the times, confronting challenges with a global perspective,
and serving customers with cutting-edge technologies and differentiated offerings can we achieve sustainable progress and
co-create value.

In the year ahead, let us gallop forward with determination, unite in common purpose, and venture together into the
promising future!




Nishimatsu Koei
Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   5
    Directors and Senior Management


    DIRECTORS

    Executive Directors

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (西松江英), aged 61, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1
September 2020 for the first time. Mr. Nishimatsu is also our chief executive officer responsible for overseeing general
management and daily operation of the Group. Mr. Nishimatsu also serves as chairman and general manager of Morimatsu
China, chairman of the board of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, chairman of Morimatsu Heavy Industry and chairman of
Morimatsu LifeSciences.

Mr. Nishimatsu has around 35 years of industry experience in the fields of chemical processes, engineering, and equipment.
From April 1991 to November 2012, Mr. Nishimatsu served at Morimatsu Holdings. He joined Morimatsu Holdings as an
officer of design department (設計部) and was promoted as the executive officer and the head of the overseas department
(海外事業部) and was responsible for supervising the business expansion of Morimatsu Pressure Vessel in the PRC market.
From March 2017 to March 2021, Mr. Nishimatsu was a director of Morimatsu Holdings but he did not participate in its
day-to-day operations. From January 1998 to December 2009, Mr. Nishimatsu served at Morimatsu Pressure Vessel. He
joined Morimatsu Pressure Vessel as an officer and was subsequently promoted as the general manager of Morimatsu
Pressure Vessel and was responsible for general operation and management of client relationship maintenance. From
January 2008 to December 2010, he served as the general manager of Morimatsu Chemical Equipment and was
responsible for overseeing its production operations. Since October 2010, Mr. Nishimatsu has served as the general
manager of Morimatsu China and is responsible for its daily management operations. Since June 2020, he has served
as chairman of Morimatsu China and Morimatsu Heavy Industry. Since September 2021, he has served as chairman of
Morimatsu LifeSciences. Since January 2024, he has served as chairman of the board of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical.

Mr. Nishimatsu obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical and mechanical engineering from East China University of
Science and Technology (華東理工大學) in the PRC in July 1985. He subsequently obtained a master’s degree in business
administration from China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院) in the PRC in July 2002. He was a
recipient of the 2018 Magnolia Award (2018年白玉蘭紀念獎) issued by Foreign Affairs Office of the Shanghai Municipal
People’s Government (上海市人民政府外事辦公室) in September 2018.

Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (平澤準悟), aged 42, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1
September 2020 for the first time. Mr. Hirazawa is also our chief finance officer responsible for overseeing financial
planning and control, accounting operations and internal control systems of the Group.

Mr. Hirazawa has over 15 years of experience in accounting, auditing and financial management. From April 2008 to March
2019, Mr. Hirazawa served at Juroku Bank Ltd. (株式會社十六銀行) in Japan. He joined Juroku Bank Ltd as an officer
and was subsequently promoted to a manager of the inspection department and was responsible for the management
of corporate financing and financial compliance. In the periods from October 2014 to October 2017 and from April 2018
to March 2019, Mr. Hirazawa was seconded to Morimatsu Holdings (being the client of Juroku Bank Ltd) and served as
an accounting manager and the principal of the chairman’s office (董事長室室長), respectively, where he was principally
responsible for the accounting, auditing, corporate governance, financial consolidation management and general financial
management of Morimatsu Holdings. From April 2019 to June 2020, Mr. Hirazawa worked as a senior finance manager
of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for overseeing the financial planning, budget management and the general
financial management. Since March 2020, Mr. Hirazawa has served as the supervisor of Pharmadule T&S. Since June 2020,
he has served as the supervisor of Morimatsu China. Since September 2021, he has served as the supervisor of Morimatsu
LifeSciences. Since May 2022, he has served as the director of Morimatsu Houston. Since June 2022, he has served as the
director of Morimatsu Holdings. Since January 2023, he has served as the director of Pharmadule Singapore. Since October
2023, he has served as a director of Morimatsu Singapore. Since November 2023, he has served as a director of Morimatsu



6     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Directors and Senior Management




T&S. Since March 2025, he has served as a director of Pharmadule US. Since April 2025, he has served as a director of
Pharmadule Sweden and Morimatsu Italy. Since August 2025, he has served as a director of Morimatsu Thailand. Since
September 2025, he has served as a director of Bioengineering AG. Since November 2025, he has served as a director of
MET India.

Mr. Hirazawa obtained a bachelor’s degree in business and commerce from Keio University (慶應義塾大學) in Japan in
March 2008.

Mr. Tang Wei Hua (湯衛華), aged 56, of Chinese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1 September
2020 for the first time, responsible for overseeing production operations (life science business unit) of the Group. Mr. Tang
also holds directorship and the general manager in Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, director and general manager of Morimatsu
LifeSciences, chairman of Morimatsu Biotechnology, chairman of Mori-Biounion Technology, director of Pharmadule
Singapore, director of Lifesciences Singapore and director of Morimatsu Thailand.

Mr. Tang has over 25 years of industry experience in the fields of chemical processes, engineering, and equipment. From
July 1991 to May 1999, Mr. Tang worked as a pipeline engineer at Shanghai Petrochemical Installment and Maintenance
Co., Ltd (上海石化安裝檢修工程有限公司) and was responsible for pipeline related technology support. In May 1999, Mr.
Tang joined Morimatsu Pressure Vessel and has since worked in the Group. From May 1999 to May 2003, he was pipeline
engineer (管道工程師) and head of pipeline team (管道組組長) at Morimatsu Pressure Vessel, and was responsible for
providing technology support for pressure equipment production. In January 2003, Mr. Tang was appointed as the head of
system engineering department (系統工程科科長) of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical and subsequently promoted as the deputy
general manager of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical since May 2008 and the general manager of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical
since April 2011. Since September 2021, he has served as director and general manager of Morimatsu LifeSciences. Since
January 2022, he has served as chairman of Morimatsu Biotechnology. Since March 2022, he was elected as a council
member by Shanghai Producer Services Promotion Association (上海市生產性服務業促進會). Since May 2022, he has
served as chairman of Mori-Biounion Technology. He has served as a director of Pharmadule Singapore since July 2023. He
has served as the member and the vice chairman of the 8th council of the Shanghai Society of Biotechnology since October
2023. Since December 2023, he has served as a director of Lifesciences Singapore. Since April 2025, he has served as an
expert on the Standardization Technical Committee of Shanghai Producer Services Promotion Association. Since August
2025, he has served as a director of Morimatsu Thailand.

Mr. Tang obtained a bachelor’s degree in water supply and drainage engineering from the University of South China (南
華大學) (formerly known as Hengyang Institute of Technology (衡陽工學院)) in the PRC in June 1991. He subsequently
obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 2007. He
obtained the qualification of professorate senior engineer specializing in digital technology research and development from
Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau in August 2023.

Mr. Sheng Ye (盛曄), aged 51, of Chinese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1 September 2020
for the first time, responsible for overseeing production operations (energy and materials business unit) of the Group.
Mr. Sheng also holds directorship and general manager in Morimatsu Heavy Industry, chairman and general manager of
Morimatsu Engineering Technology, a director of Morimatsu Singapore, chairman of Ei-Mori Fluid, a director of Morimatsu
Dialog and chairman of Morimatsu Technology and Trade.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   7
    Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Sheng has around 30 years of industry experience in the fields of chemical processes, engineering, and equipment.
In October 1996, Mr. Sheng joined Morimatsu Pressure Vessel and has since worked in the Group. From October 1996
to October 2010, Mr. Sheng held various positions in Morimatsu Pressure Vessel, including development engineer (開發
工程師), deputy chief of the sales department (銷售部副科長) and deputy head of technology department (技術部副部
長), and was responsible for monitoring research and development of customised pressure equipment and overseeing
sales and marketing operations. From October 2010 to February 2017, Mr. Sheng served at Morimatsu China. He joined
Morimatsu China as a deputy head of technology department (技術部副部長) and was promoted as the head of technology
department (技術部部長) and the principal of technology supporting centre (技術支持中心主任). Since October 2018, Mr.
Sheng has served as the general manager of Morimatsu Heavy Industry and is responsible for supervising and management
of sales, design and manufacture of new materials. Since November 2021, he has served as chairman and general manager
of Morimatsu Engineering Technology. From July 2023 to March 2024, he has served as a director and the chief executive
officer of Pharmadule Singapore. Since March 2024, he has served as a director of Morimatsu Singapore. Since June 2025,
he has served as chairman of Ei-Mori Fluid. Since July 2025, he has served as a director of Morimatsu Dialog. Since August
2025, he has served as chairman of Morimatsu Technology and Trade.

Mr. Sheng obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering equipment and mechanics (化工設備與機械) from East
China University of Science and Technology (華東理工大學) in the PRC in July 1996. He subsequently obtained an executive
master’s degree of business administration from Nankai University (南開大學) in the PRC in July 2012. Mr. Sheng obtained a
certificate of senior engineer (高級工程師證書) issued by Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau
(上海市人力資源和社會保障局) in December 2012. He subsequently obtained the senior principal engineer certificate
issued by Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau in October 2025.

    Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka (川島宏貴), aged 55, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1
    September 2020 for the first time, responsible for production capacity guarantee and environmental, social and governance
    issues of the Group. Mr. Kawashima also holds directorship in Morimatsu China, Morimatsu Dialog and Morimatsu T&S,
    respectively.

    Mr. Kawashima has around 30 years of industry experience in the fields of chemical processes, engineering, and equipment.
    From March 1996 to October 2003, Mr. Kawashima served at Morimatsu Holdings, where he served as an officer of quality
    control department and was promoted as a manager of overseas department thereof in October 2003. In October 2003,
    he was designated to serve Morimatsu China and has since served as the head of production department (生產部部長), the
    principal of the chairman’s office (董事長室室長) and vice general manager of Morimatsu China. Since September 2021, he
    became a director of Morimatsu Dialog. Due to the internal organizational adjustment of Morimatsu China, he no longer
    served as the head of production department and principal of the chairman’s office of Morimatsu China since January
    2023. Since December 2023, he has served as a director of Morimatsu T&S.

    Mr. Kawashima obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in metallurgical engineering from Iwate University (岩
    手大學) in Japan in March 1993 and March 1995, respectively. Mr. Kawashima also obtained a master’s degree in business
    administration from China Europe International Business School (中歐國際工商學院) in the PRC in August 2014.




8      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Directors and Senior Management




Non-executive Director

Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (松久晃基), aged 62, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as a non-executive Director on
1 September 2020 for the first time. Mr. Matsuhisa is also the chairman of our Board responsible for supervising the overall
strategic planning of the Group but is neither working on a full-time basis with the Group nor otherwise involved in the
daily operation and management of the Group. He is one of our Controlling Shareholders. He is also the Chairman of the
nomination committee and a member of the audit committee and remuneration committee of our Board.

Mr. Matsuhisa has over 40 years of experience in business operation and corporate management. After graduation in
March 1986, Mr. Matsuhisa commenced his career with Morimatsu Holdings. He then served from January 1989 to January
1992, as a chief of corporate planning department (企業經營企劃室長) of Morimatsu Holdings, and from January 1992 to
September 1993, as a head of the overseas business department (海外事業部部長) and the director thereof. Mr. Matsuhisa
was appointed as the general manager of Morimatsu Pressure Vessel in September 1993 and subsequently as the
executive vice president thereof in November 1997. Since August 2013, Mr. Matsuhisa ceased his management position
in Morimatsu Pressure Vessel. Mr. Matsuhisa is currently the executive director and chief executive officer of Morimatsu
Holdings and holds various positions in the subsidiaries of Morimatsu Holdings (other than the Group).

Mr. Matsuhisa obtained a bachelor’s degree in electronics engineering from Waseda University (早稻田大學) in Japan in
March 1986.

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly (陳遠秀), aged 55, of Chinese nationality, was appointed as our independent non-executive
Director on 10 February 2021 for the first time. She is also the chairperson of the audit committee and a member of the
nomination committee of our Board.

Ms. Chan has over 30 years of experience in financial and business management. She obtained a bachelor’s degree in
accountancy from the City Polytechnic of Hong Kong (香港城市理工學院) (currently known as City University of Hong
Kong (香港城市大學)) in 1992. She is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”) and the Hong Kong Institute of Directors. Ms. Chan was
previously responsible for management at various multinational corporations, including serving as the chief financial officer
at LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton Group and Heineken Group. Ms. Chan also served at branches of Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu in Hong Kong and the United States. Ms. Chan is currently the managing director of Peony Consulting Services
Limited, a company which is principally engaged in provision of business advisory services.

As at the date of this annual report, Ms. Chan is an independent non-executive director of Aluminum Corporation of China
Limited (中國鋁業股份有限公司), the H shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2600) and the A
shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601600), an independent non-executive director of
China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (招商局港口控股有限公司), the shares of which are listed on the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 0144) and an independent non-executive director of Best Mart 360 Holdings Limited (優品360控股
有限公司), the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2360).

In October 2020, Ms. Chan was appointed as a Justice of the Peace by the Hong Kong government in recognition of her
remarkable public services and contribution to the community. In March 2022, Ms. Chan was awarded with Advocacy
Award for the China region by the ACCA in recognition of her relentless support for the accountancy profession. Ms.
Chan was the president of ACCA Hong Kong from 2008 to 2009 and was the president of the Association of Women
Accountants (Hong Kong) (“AWAHK”) from 2020 to 2021. She is currently the council member of the AWAHK and the
vice chairman of GBA Women Directors Association Limited.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   9
     Directors and Senior Management




     Ms. Chan is currently a member of various advisory boards, including the Hong Kong Housing Authority, the Town Planning
     Board of Hong Kong, the Environment & Conservation Fund Committee of Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Academy for
     Performing Arts and the United College of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Ms. Chan was previously the chairperson
     of the Employees’ Compensation Insurance Levies Management Board of Hong Kong. She also served on the boards of the
     Air Transport Licensing Authority of Hong Kong, the Council of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, the council of Hong
     Kong Repertory Theatre, Education Commission of Hong Kong, Quality Education Fund Steering Committee of Hong Kong,
     Harbourfront Commission of Hong Kong, Advisory Committee on Arts Development of Hong Kong, the board of the Inland
     Revenue Department of Hong Kong, the Independent Commission on Remuneration for Members of the Executive Council
     and the Legislature, and Officials under the Political Appointment System of Hong Kong, Hospital Governing Committee of
     the Buddhist Hospital of Hong Kong, Hospital Governing Committee of the Rehabaid Centre of Hong Kong, the Kowloon
     Regional Advisory Committee of the Hospital Authority of Hong Kong, Occupational Safety and Health Council of Hong
     Kong, the board of directors of Ocean Park Hong Kong and the board of Rehabaid Society of Hong Kong.

 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro (菅野真一郎), aged 82, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as our independent non-
 executive Director on 10 February 2021 for the first time. Mr. Kanno was responsible for supervising the management
 of the Group and providing independent judgment to our Board. He was also a member of the audit committee and
 remuneration committee of our Board. On 24 December 2025, due to the passing away of Mr. Kanno, he ceased to be an
 independent non-executive Director and a member of the audit committee and remuneration committee.

 Mr. Kanno has around 60 years of experience in the financial and banking industry. From April 1966 to March 2002, Mr.
 Kanno worked at the Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd (“IBJ”) and held various positions, including counselor of several branch
 offices in Japan, manager and the chief representative of the Shanghai branch office, the director and chairman of the
 Chinese committee (中國委員會), and the executive director and senior counselor of IBJ, and was principally responsible
 for developing new financial products, analyzing financial policies, and facilitating and monitoring the expansion of the
 financial services of IBJ in the PRC market. In April 2002, IBJ and two other Japanese banks merged into a new entity,
 namely, Mizuho Financial Group (株式會社みずほファイナンシャルグープ) (“MF”) whose shares are listed on several
 stock exchanges, including the Tokyo Stock Exchange (stock code: 8411) and the New York Stock Exchange (stock code:
 MFG), and he then served from April 2002 to August 2002 as the chief executive officer of Mizuho Human Service Ltd.,
 a subsidiary of MF in Japan, and from September 2002 to August 2012 as an advisor of Mizuho Bank Ltd (瑞穗銀行有限
 公司), a subsidiary of MF in Japan. From September 2012 to March 2023, he served in the Tokyo International University
 (東京國際大學) as a distinguished professor (formerly referred to as adjunct professor). From June 2021 to June 2025, he
 has held the position of supervisor of Toyodenso Co., Ltd. (東洋電裝株式會社, a non-listed company).

 Mr. Kanno obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Yokahama National University (橫濱國立大學) in Japan in
 March 1966.

 Mr. Yu Jianguo (于建國), aged 65, of Chinese nationality, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director
 on 10 February 2021 for the first time. Mr. Yu is responsible for supervising the management of the Group and providing
 independent judgment to our Board. He is also the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of the
 nomination committee of our Board.

 Mr. Yu has over 30 years of experience in chemical and environmental protection industries. Mr. Yu is a tutor of East China
 University of Science and Technology (華東理工大學) (“ECUST”) for doctoral candidates. He had served a number of roles
 and positions in different departments of ECUST, including the director of its science and technology department (華東
 理工大學科技處), the director of its national technology transfer centre (華東理工大學國家技術轉移中心), the dean of
 its School of Resources and Environmental Engineering (華東理工大學資源與環境工程學院), the director of the National
 Environmental Protection Key Laboratory of Chemical Process Risk Assessment and Control (華東理工大學國家環境保護
 化工過程風險評價與控制重點實驗室), the vice-president and the dean of its post-graduate school (研究生院) of ECUST.
 Mr. Yu is also currently the director of the National Salt Lake Resources Comprehensive Utilisation Engineering Technology
 Research Center of ECUST (華東理工大學國家鹽湖資源綜合利用工程技術研究中心), and the director of the Resource
 Process Engineering Research Center of the Ministry of Education (教育部資源過程工程研究中心). Academic part-times



10      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Directors and Senior Management




of Mr. Yu include the deputy director of Inorganic Salt Professional Committee of China Chemical Industry Association (中
國化工學會無機鹽專業委員會), and the vice-chairman of Shanghai Society of Chemistry and Chemical Industry (上海市化
學化工學會). Mr. Yu is also an expert in the field of resources and environment in the “11th Five-Year Plan” period of the
National 863 Programme (國家863計劃) and an expert in the subject-matter experts of “12th Five-Year Plan” resources,
and a member of the Second Science and Technology Committee of the Ministry of Education (教育部科技委).

From March 2020 to April 2025, Mr. Yu was a non-executive director of Ganfeng Lithium Group Co., Ltd. (江西贛鋒鋰業
集團股份有限公司), whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1772).

Mr. Yu obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in inorganic chemical engineering from East China Institute of
Chemical Technology (華東化工學院) (being a predecessor of ECUST) in the PRC in July 1982 and in July 1987, respectively.
Mr. Yu also obtained a doctor’s degree in chemical engineering from ECUST in the PRC in July 1998.

Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (倉石英明), aged 66, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 23 March 2026 for the first time. Mr. Kuraishi is responsible for supervising the management of the Group and
providing independent judgment to our Board. He is also a member of the audit committee and remuneration committee
of our Board.

Mr. Kuraishi has over 35 years of experience in the financial and banking industry. He commenced his career in April 1984
at the Industrial Bank of Japan, Ltd. (“IBJ”), where he served until March 2002. During his tenure at IBJ, he held various
senior positions, including senior manager and department head at multiple branches and divisions in Japan and the United
States. He was mainly responsible for new financial product development, risk analysis and control, and corporate lending.
In April 2002, IBJ merged with two other Japanese banks to form Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. (株式會社みずほファイナ
ンシャルグループ) (“MFG”), a company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (stock code: 8411) and the New York Stock
Exchange (stock code: MFG). From April 2002 to June 2013, Mr. Kuraishi served in various senior management roles at
Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd., a subsidiary of MFG, including deputy general manager of the project finance department
in Tokyo head office, and executive officer and general manager of the structured finance division in London, UK. From
July 2013 to June 2014, he served at Mizuho Bank, Ltd., formerly known as Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd., due to the
bank’s name change. From July 2014 to June 2020, Mr. Kuraishi served as managing executive officer and head of the
international finance group at Aozora Bank, Ltd., a company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (stock code: 8304). From
June 2020 to June 2024, he served as a supervisor (statutory auditor) of Penta-Ocean Construction Co., Ltd., a company
listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (stock code: 1893). Since June 2024, Mr. Kuraishi has been serving as a supervisor of
two non-listed companies, namely Kyowa Marine Transportation Co., Ltd. and Nippon Steel Kowa Real Estate Co., Ltd.

Mr. Kuraishi obtained the Certified Internal Auditor qualification from the Institute of Internal Auditors in December 2024
and the Certified Fraud Examiner qualification from the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners in October 2025.

Mr. Kuraishi obtained a bachelor of laws degree from Kyoto University, Japan, in March 1984 and a master of laws degree
from the University of Michigan, the United States, in December 1989.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei. Please refer to the paragraphs headed “— Directors — Executive Directors” above in this section
for details of biography of Mr. Nishimatsu.

Mr. Hirazawa Jungo. Please refer to the paragraphs headed “— Directors — Executive Directors” above in this section
for details of biography of Mr. Hirazawa.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   11
     Directors and Senior Management




     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap (李凱納), aged 41, was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company on 25
     September 2020. Mr. Lee has over 15 years of experience in the accounting and financial management industry. He is a
     chartered secretary and a member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (“HKCGI”) (formerly known
     as “The Hong Kong Institute of chartered secretaries”) and The Chartered Governance Institute (“CGI”) (formerly known
     as “The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators”) in the UK. In February 2009, Mr. Lee joined Morimatsu
     Holdings as a management trainee and was assigned to a job rotation. From February 2009 to July 2010, Mr. Lee served as
     an accountant of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for account management. From July 2010 to June 2016, Mr. Lee
     was designated as a financial manager of Morimatsu China and was responsible for overseeing financial analysis, feasibility
     study, accounting and financial compliance. From June 2016 to November 2017, Mr. Lee served as the chief finance officer
     of Pharmadule Sweden and was responsible for financial planning and financial risk management. From November 2017
     to June 2020, Mr. Lee was designated as the financial manager of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for collection
     and reporting of financial and accounting information of our overseas companies to Morimatsu Holdings. Since June 2020,
     for purpose of the Listing, Mr. Lee was designated back to the Company as a manager and is responsible for management
     of accounting and compliance matters. Since March 2024, Mr. Lee has served as a director of Morimatsu International
     Investment Company Limited (“MII”). Mr. Lee obtained a dual bachelor’s degree in laws and commerce from the University
     of New South Wales in Australia in August 2007. He subsequently obtained a master’s degree in professional accounting
     and corporate governance from the City University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in October 2017. Mr. Lee was admitted
     as a lawyer of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in February 2015 and was also admitted as a certified practising
     accountant from the Australian Society of Certified Practising Accountants in December 2018.

     Ms. Lau Wai Yee (劉惠儀), aged 60, was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company on 25 September
     2020. Ms. Lau is a director of Conyers Consulting Limited (formerly known as Immanuel Consulting Limited), a licensed
     company service provider specialising in integrated business and corporate services. Ms. Lau has over 35 years of experience
     in the corporate secretarial field and has been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies
     as well as multinational, private and offshore companies. Her expertise extends from corporate advisory and regulatory
     compliance, corporate restructuring to dissolution of companies. Ms. Lau is a chartered secretary and a fellow of both
     HKCGI and CGI in the UK and fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Directors. Ms. Lau has been appointed as the company
     secretary of Shanghai Realway Capital Assets Management Co., Ltd., the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 1835) since 13 October 2019.




12      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Financial Summary


The following is a summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years.
The financial information for the years ended 31 December 2025 is extracted from consolidated financial statements in this
Annual Report. The financial information for 2021 was restated accordingly due to the completion of acquisition of 100%
equity interest in Morimatsu Houston on 28 February 2022.

                                                               For the year ended 31 December
 OPERATING RESULTS                                  2021           2022         2023       2024                       2025
                                               (restated)
                                               RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


 Revenue                                      4,286,222        6,486,277        7,360,262       6,948,354       6,954,932
 Gross profit                                 1,183,583        1,793,386        2,055,704       2,049,777       1,816,583
 Profit before taxation                         449,143          760,917          984,334         911,254         717,046


 Profit for the year                            381,838          666,182          842,548         729,881         584,292


 Profit/(loss) for the year
   attributable to
 Equity shareholders of the Company             381,838          669,266          844,684         737,241         599,593

 Non-controlling interests                            —           –3,084           –2,136           –7,360         –15,301


                                                381,838          666,182          842,548         729,881         584,292


                                                                       As at 31 December
 FINANCIAL POSITION                                 2021            2022         2023                 2024            2025
                                               (restated)
                                               RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


 Total assets                                 5,704,508        7,960,582        8,932,076       8,908,333      10,126,819
 Total liabilities                            3,696,699        5,137,936        4,541,467       3,632,477       4,268,428


 Net assets                                   2,007,809        2,822,646        4,390,609       5,275,856       5,858,391


 Equity attributable to equity
   shareholders of the Company                2,007,809        2,815,730        4,382,491       5,048,359       5,599,317
 Non-controlling interests                           —             6,916            8,118         227,497         259,074


 Total equity                                 2,007,809        2,822,646        4,390,609       5,275,856       5,858,391




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     MISSION STATEMENT

     The Group’s products and technologies help society pursue a greener earth, healthier life and smarter tools through the
     development of modern industrial civilization.


     DEVELOPMENT VISION

     The Group aims to provide downstream customers with the world’s leading core equipment, high value-added process
     solutions, digital intelligence integrated plant solutions (including process packages), and value-added services covering the
     full life cycle.


     CORPORATE VALUE

     With a people-centered approach that respects talent, we prioritize our customers, strive for mutual success with our
     partners, pursue excellence, build a strong brand, foster continuous innovation, and seize opportunities.


     CORPORATE AND OPERATING STRATEGIES

     In the pursuit of sustainable and high-quality development, corporate strategies typically refer to the thinking patterns
     and action guidelines adopted by an enterprise in response to the dynamic changes in the macro-environment, which
     encompass setting growth objectives, rationally allocating resources, meticulously cultivating talent, designing and planning
     products, and nurturing and expanding markets. They also serve as the core values and intrinsic driving force guiding the
     enterprise to continuously build and enhance its competitive advantages amid ongoing environmental shifts.

     Changes in the macro-environment are key drivers of corporate strategic adjustments and unavoidable variables in an
     enterprise’s development journey. Therefore, an enterprise must conduct comprehensive and in-depth consideration of
     these factors when formulating its development strategies. The Group’s development strategy is formulated based on the
     objective reality of long-term coexistence among diverse customer demands and market environments, which aims to avoid
     over-reliance on any single track, market, product, or demand cycle.

     Over more than 30 years of our global operations, we have successively navigated several critical developmental phases: (1)
     the “Import Substitution” demand cycle in the Chinese market; (2) the full industrial chain construction cycle in the Chinese
     market; (3) the supply chain globalization cycle in overseas markets; (4) the industrialization cycle in developing countries;
     and (5) the current supply chain diversification cycle in global markets. Continuously meeting the diverse needs of different
     industrial and international customers across such varying demand cycles has always been the fundamental starting point
     for us when establishing the Group’s corporate strategies.




14      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                               Illustration for the Corporate Strategy of the Group
                                                                      Diversification + Globalization + Intelligentization



                                                                                                        Core Business
            Keep in line with                       Technology                                                                          Core process                Consulting and
                                                                              Overall delivery     Engineering delivery
           leading enterprises                        output                                                                             equipment                 technical services
                   and
              serve material
                innovation                                                                       Competitive Advantage
                                               International                                                        One-stop                               Rapid global deployment
                                                                        Global resources                (from feasibility study to delivery)
                                                   team                                                                                                            solutions




               Development Theme: Sustainability                                                       Major Products and Services                                               Downstream
                                                                                                                                                                                 Applications

                             Energy and Materials
                                                                                                 Engineering and                        Advanced
                                                                                                                                                                                        Biosynthesis
             Traditional      Advanced new         Biosynthetic   Green energy                       Services                          Manufacturing
             energy and         materials          energy and     and materials
              materials                             materials                                             EPCOO
                                                                                                  (general contracting +               Reactors and other core
                                                                                                 operation & maintenance                 process equipment
                                                                                                   services + continuous
                                     LifeSciences                                                  process optimization)


                               Medical and                                                                                                                                        Chemical synthesis
            Large/small
                               beauty care         Green food        Others                         After-sales service
           molecule drugs                                                                                                                  Integrated system
                              and family care                                                        (maintenance +                             products
                                                                                                      consumables)


                                Smart Computing
              High-purity                                                                                                                                                            Digital intelligent
                                               Semiconductor                                      Technical consultation
             chemical raw      Wet electronic material recovery                                                                                Modular factory                        process control
             materials and                                         Data centre                        and transfer
                                chemicals       and recycling
              ingredients




                                                                                                                                         Talent Strategy
                                Development Path
                                                                                                                                         Learning organization              University-Enterprise
                                                                                                      Global layout
                                                                                                                                                                                co-training
         Endogenous: new business incubation
                                                     Exogenous: M&A + investment
             + entrepreneurship platform
                                                                                                 Internal entrepreneurship               Platform organization              Enterprise co-training




Highly Certain Performance of our Business in an Uncertain Environment

In the post-pandemic era, the global economic recovery has not progressed as expected, and uncertainty has become
a normal state of corporate survival and development. Coupled with the frequent occurrence of geopolitical events
worldwide, it has profoundly impacted the implementation of corporate strategies, the allocation of global resources, and
the fulfillment of growth expectations. As a result, coexisting with uncertainty has become one of the core competencies for
the survival and development of contemporary enterprises. For enterprises, especially multinational corporations, the ability
to recognize, adapt to and overcome these uncertainties is gradually becoming a key competitiveness for their sustainable
development.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to cope with the challenges arising from multiple macro-environmental
     changes at the operational level: (1) rapid contraction in demand from key end markets, (2) drastic fluctuations in the
     international geopolitical landscape, (3) overcapacity in certain key downstream industries, and (4) adjustments to the
     global low-carbon policy. In the face of continuous decline in overall market demand, the Group has continued to cultivate
     existing markets while actively exploring new areas by leveraging its deterministic Alpha strategy, supported by its dynamic
     Beta advantage, and focusing on serving its customer base of leading global and regional enterprises. Such initiatives have
     not only led to a rapid rebound when our orders bottomed, but also continued to enhance the certainty of our business
     performance and made our future development path increasingly clear.

     Deterministic Alpha Strategy

     The Group has developed diverse and dynamically adaptive capabilities in its operations, which are demonstrated in a wide
     range of areas such as downstream industries and market layout, customer base composition, product and technology
     portfolio and service models. When a single industry or market inevitably falls into a cyclical downturn, these diversified
     elements serve as a buffer, which can not only achieve the balance of “blockage in one place and access to other places”
     in the broad international market, but also achieve the complementary “lose at sunrise and gain at sunset” effect among
     the diversified business segments, thereby enhancing our overall ability to withstand cyclical fluctuations.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group received substantial orders from clients across diverse industries, including
     pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, raw materials for power batteries, family care and oil and gas refinery in North and
     South America, Asia, Europe and Oceania.

     Dynamic Beta Advantage

     The core competitiveness of an enterprise is reflected in four dimensions: the ability to continuously innovate in the industry,
     the ability to respond to the customers’ requests, the ability to predict risks and make dynamic adjustments, and the ability
     to flexibly adjust to the changes in the market. In the process of building our deterministic Alpha capability, the ability to
     develop differentiated competitive advantage in a single sector is crucial. Such an advantage cannot be hastily built when
     industry opportunities arise, but relies on long-term accumulation of industry reputation, stable customer relationships,
     and solid technological reserves. Only with these deep foundations can an enterprise swiftly seize opportunities and gain
     competitive ground when the cycle turns upward and demand emerges.

     The Group has achieved a high degree of versatility and compatibility in terms of human resources, underlying technology
     layout and hardware resources. Except for a small number of specialized craftsmen focusing on specific industries, most
     management personnel, engineering technicians and manufacturing staff possess the capability to serve multiple industries
     and products. Our manufacturing bases can also adapt to different industries and products by implementing localized
     adjustments and rapidly switching service scenarios in response to cyclical fluctuations in downstream industries, ensuring
     that production capacity and demand remain efficiently aligned at all times.

     Our high-quality customer base provides a strong driving force for the continuous iterative innovation of the Group’s
     technologies and products, while the broad global market is always surging with versatile and dynamic demands. Against
     the backdrop of cyclical fluctuations in various industries and markets, the Group’s strategic combination of “Deterministic
     Alpha + Dynamic Beta” has enables it to accurately capture opportunities amid uncertainties and to flexibly deploy its
     strategies. This approach not only allows the Group to complete adjustments quickly, but also ensures a rapid rebound from
     cyclical downturns, demonstrating its strong resilience and ability to cope with emergencies.




16      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Corporate Development and Continuous Growth

Since the late 20th century, the Group has collaborated with leading enterprises across various industries and multinational
corporations. From participating in their investment projects in China to gradually integrating into their global supply
chain systems, the Group has continuously enhanced its position within the supply chains of numerous multinational
enterprises over 30 years of operation. It has also maintained long-term, stable partnerships with many leading enterprises
in downstream industries. Leveraging its keen insights into industry trends, the Group delivers diversified products and
services to the same clients across different countries and regions.

The Group’s core technological capability lies in transforming downstream original technologies (such as laboratory
techniques and small-scale production methods) into highly integrated, high-performance, and economically viable
engineering products and solutions. Each technological advancement from downstream industries drives the Group’s
product and technology iterations. Simultaneously, by leveraging its deep talent pool, specialized R&D teams, and diverse
industry experience, the Group assists downstream enterprises in jointly bringing new technologies and products to
market. Through digitalized full-lifecycle technical solutions, the Group enhances the technical attributes and upgrade
potential of core equipment across various industries. This enables the delivery of deeper value-added services, thereby
increasing customer loyalty and accompanying downstream enterprises in achieving technological innovation and industry
advancement.

The Group’s core business originates from capital expenditure projects in downstream industries. The demands of
leading enterprises in these sectors reflect future industry trends and cutting-edge technological advancements. The
Group maintains long-standing collaborative relationships with these industry leaders, consistently aligning with their
developmental needs to empower their transition to commercial production. Driven by global industrial development,
sectors such as non-traditional energy, renewable materials, advanced biomedicine, and wet electronic chemical materials
exhibit characteristics of diversified end-demand types, diversified raw material origins, and diversified supply chains. The
Group continues to leverage its globally distributed technological reserves and R&D capabilities, its abundant hardware
production capacity in the Asia-Pacific region, and its extensive customer and market resources to maintain orderly and
stable operations. It is also actively penetrating the value chain of new product and technology demands in downstream
industries, continuously increasing the proportion of service-related revenue.

Resource Planning

Human Resources Shift toward Technology and Global Service Needs

The Group has always maintained the development concept of prioritizing talents. Through social recruitment, campus
recruitment, internal referral and other various channels, the Group has broadly recruited technical, management and
operational personnel with global service capabilities to continuously build a high-quality team capable of serving customers
and projects.

Overseas Hardware Production Capacity

The Group continuously expanded the production capacity of its Malaysia manufacturing base and successfully delivered
orders from various parts of the world during the Reporting Period, covering multiple downstream industries such as
electronic chemicals (wet electronic chemicals), raw materials of power battery, petrochemicals and daily chemicals, and
served customers including global and regional leading enterprises in various industries. In addition, the Group will fully
utilize the geographical conditions of the Malaysia manufacturing base, which is adjacent to the Pacific Ocean, to establish
independent deep-water vessel berthing capability, and continuously enhance its manufacturing and delivery capabilities of
high-end industrial equipment for multiple industries.



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     During the Reporting Period, through the acquisition of Bioengineering AG in Switzerland, the Group not only expanded its
     service network to Central Europe but also added a new manufacturing base. Bioengineering AG has profound expertise in
     the research and development and manufacturing of fermentation and bioreaction systems, with significant technological
     and brand advantages. Building diversified sales channels, production bases and technical support is essential for the
     Group to achieve its global strategic goals. In the future, the Group will fully utilize its global production capacity to serve
     global customers, actively engage in the process of a new round of technological transformation and product iteration
     across multiple industries, provide advanced products and services to customers from different countries and regions, and
     contribute its modest efforts to building a healthier society, a greener environment, and a smarter life.




                     Malaysia manufacturing base                                   Switzerland manufacturing base

 Overseas Technology Hub

 On the basis that its subsidiaries in Malaysia and Singapore are already equipped with global service capabilities, the Group
 will further consolidate the manpower resources and technical reserves from its subsidiaries in India, positioning Southeast
 Asia as the strategic pivot to serve the new wave of globalization.

 At the same time, the Group will continue to strengthen the construction of technology hubs in places such as Italy,
 Sweden, the U.S., Japan and Singapore, and continuously cooperate with downstream enterprises (customers), upstream
 enterprises (key component suppliers), scientific research institutions and local universities on the joint development of new
 technologies and new products, joint expansion of new application scenarios, and joint layout of new industrial chains.

 Demand and Direction of Mergers and Acquisitions (“M&A”)

 In addition to continuously promoting the construction of overseas production capacity and technology service hubs, the
 Group is also determined to explore the feasibility of mergers and acquisitions on a global scale. As a way of strategic
 investment in business and resources, M&A has always been regarded as a strategic act for enterprises to achieve
 breakthroughs in operations and markets, as well as a tactical shortcut to realize the second growth curve.

 The Group’s M&A targets are generally organizations that have business synergies and can empower the sustainable
 development of the enterprise, including but not limited to: (1) similar enterprises, (2) enterprises supplying key components
 in the upstream of the industrial chain, (3) enterprises that can provide greater market access for existing products and
 technologies, (4) enterprises that can achieve internationalization and empowerment, and (5) enterprises that can empower
 a second growth curve.




18      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




Based on fully guaranteeing the interests of Shareholders, the Group currently adopts a prudent and decisive investment
approach, considering both the current financial situation and the needs for strategic development, and does not easily
resort to high financial leverage or rely on the mentality of taking chances to speculate, and selects sensible, reasonable and
appropriate target companies in the international market. Meanwhile, the Group is also actively building up an after-sales
team with international business management capabilities to ensure that M&A is a milestone in the development of the
enterprise, rather than end point.

The Group continues to focus on quality enterprises and technology entities worldwide, and actively engaged with teams
and enterprises for further cooperation during the Reporting Period through proactive exchanges and other means. In view
of the status and demand for the enhancement of the enterprise’s comprehensive global competitiveness, the shortcomings
in the value chain and the need for further expansion of international talents and overseas production capacity, the Group
will further increase its investment in M&A to realize cross-border and globalization in terms of geographic location and
at the same time, to truly consolidate worldwide expertise and enhance the comprehensive capability of rapid and global
delivery in terms of technology and product reserves, manpower and hardware resources as well as customer services.

Market Strategy

Market-Specific Demand Cycles

With the rapid popularization of artificial intelligence (“AI”) technology application scenarios, the Group has noticed the
rapid growth in global demand for computing power and its infrastructure. The Group possesses robust technical expertise
and extensive project experience in intelligent engineering and high-efficiency heat exchange and energy consumption
management of microchannel reactors. These capabilities enable rapid delivery of computing infrastructure, empowering AI
service providers and computing power enterprises to rapidly achieve global production capacity deployment. Data center
related products are expected to be one of the Group’s key promotion areas in the coming years.

Overall Market Demand Cycles

Closely focusing on the three development themes of “Healthy”, “Green” and “Smart”, combined with the technological
updates and product iterations of downstream industries, the Group systematically empowers the development of
customers in key areas such as environmentally friendly materials, sustainable energy, the realization of commercialized
production capacity of biopharmaceuticals, and global computing power enhancement by providing ”MVP Solutions+”
covering core equipment, value-added services and overall solutions (including process packages, detailed design, delivery
of module plants, and pre-sales and after-sales services), so as to continuously respond to the diversified needs of global
customers.

“Sustainability” is not only a strategic goal for the development of the Group but also a common mission for the
development of human society carried out by the downstream industries the Group has been serving for a long period. The
products and technologies developed by the Group based on this concept are as follows:

(1)    renewable energy production equipment and technologies (biomass green alcohol energy and sustainable aviation
       fuel);

(2)    sustainable materials production equipment and technologies (high-performance biodegradable materials);

(3)    sustainable food solutions and equipment (large-scale cultivation of artificial proteins); and

(4)    sustainable industrial development model (modular factory solutions).



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   19
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Product Strategy

  MVP Solutions+

  The technologies and products of the Group can serve different application stages in downstream industries, including
  research and development, internal/external project initiation and financing, engineering design, construction, operation,
  and process improvement. The Group adheres to a market strategy that focuses on value-based services, persistent
  innovation, close proximity to demand, and orientation towards the future, to provide customers with products and services
  covering the entire life cycle from feasibility analysis, laboratory research and development, demonstration production,
  commercialization production to continuous process improvement, and ultimately, to form the strategy of MVP Solutions+
  based on process performance, with specific products as the carrier and continual services as the platform.

  Machines — Core Equipment: The core equipment, designed to achieve theoretical heat and mass transfer in
  large volume equipment, works to realize new material synthesis processes that are theoretically based on chemical and
  biological reaction equations and feasible at the practical laboratory level, at the industrial level production scale.

  Values — Value Empowerment: While providing core equipment-based products to downstream industries
  and customers, the Group remains committed to developing high value-added integrated products and solutions.
  The most common applications include process systems deployed in chemical and fine chemical, pharmaceutical and
  biopharmaceutical, and family care industries. These systems primarily function as integrated systems for process synthesis
  segments within production lines, incorporating sophisticated mechatronic product platforms and control systems.

  Plants — Highly Integrated Systematic Solutions: This is an extreme industrial product that directly aims at
  customers who intend to commercialize their critical products and provides one-stop “service + product + service”
  systematic solutions, covering the entire process from project initiation consultancy, technical/commercial feasibility studies,
  process route design, engineering design, core equipment delivery, system manufacturing/installation/commissioning/
  certification, operation and maintenance management to continuous optimization of the process, with optional
  incorporation of continuous supply arrangements for critical consumables and auxiliary materials.

  MVP Solutions+ refers to the product strategy that, based on the above three specific product forms, utilizes process
  packages as the technology carrier and continuous service as the interface for upstream and downstream interactions. Its
  advantages mainly include: (1) being closer to the customers’ value needs and enhance customer bonding; (2) being closer
  to the development trends of the downstream industry and actively integrate into the process of customers’ technology
  update and product iteration; (3) continuing to improve our competitive advantages, deepen the development of the moat
  effect and minimize the long-term homogeneous competition; (4) avoiding continuous investment in hardware assets and
  downplay the inevitable link between hardware capacity growth and business development; (5) continuously enhancing the
  Group’s technological attributes and continue to improve self-learning and evolutionary capabilities; and (6) developing a
  unique development model for manufacturing enterprises, avoiding dependence on a single product, a single market, and
  realizing continuous updating and iteration of core technologies and products.




20   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Service Oriented, CAPEX+OPEX

The Group has always been committed to providing its customers in various downstream industries with products,
technologies and services of high technical standards, high quality requirements and high cost-effectiveness, and assisting
them in obtaining high-quality and high-performance products and solutions to meet their budgets at the investment
decision-making and the procurement stage of their projects. During the periods when industry leaders across sectors
implement technological innovations, product iterations and capacity innovations, the Group’s critical competitive edge lies
in meeting customers’ pricing requirements, to align with their CAPEX budgets.

OPEX estimation and economic benefit analysis are front-end services provided by the Group to customers at the project
initiation stage based on the Group’s own technology, project experience and industry supply chain information. This type
of service assists customers to determine the type of technology to be invested in, the process flow, energy consumption
index, operating break-even point and other key indicators that may be encountered when the project starts its operation
stage, providing a scientific and quantitative basis for customers’ final decision. The provision of OPEX analysis to
customers can not only enhance customers’ reliance on the Group in terms of technology, thereby building long-term
trust relationships, but also help fundamentally avoid homogenized price-based competition at the later stage of CAPEX
implementation, creating a differentiated competitive advantage.

Considering both the CAPEX and OPEX of customers, particularly those in leading and innovative industries, helps the
Group to consistently provide them with the possibility to optimize their costs and allows the Group to be actively involved
in the process of estimating their operating economics. Such a service model aims to create value (not just price advantages)
for customers, with a platform of products and services covering the entire life cycle of a particular technology, where the
Group’s technology and experience avoid competition, its services and information create opportunities, and its technology
and services have the ultimate mission of integrating into the entire life cycle demand of the products of its customers and
downstream industries.

Future Products and Services

In the post-pandemic era, the establishment of self-reliant and controllable industrial chains, especially in critical sectors
such as public health and AI, has entered the core strategic agenda of nations worldwide. Both traditional and emerging
industrial nations are actively advancing strategic localization initiatives, including building new and expanding existing
production capacities, propelling technological upgrades and iterations, and compressing international industrial chain
segments to enhance the resilience of their domestic supply chains.

The capability expansion and resource planning of the Group are rapidly shifting away from the traditional reliance
on global division of labor. Instead of focusing solely on cost and efficiency, we are transitioning to a comprehensive
model characterised by “customer-proximate production capacity, efficiency-driven service delivery, and sustained cost
optimization”. Moving forward, the Group will continue to deepen its presence in diverse international markets through
initiatives such as independent development, joint ventures and M&A, thereby expanding its global industrial footprint.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   21
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS

  Multinational Corporations

  The Group’s business strategy of “leading international enterprises in the long run and actively serving the material
  innovation industry” requires the Group to establish itself as a truly multinational corporation. A multinational corporation
  is not only defined by the ability to export products but also by the capacity to build and utilize global resources and
  serve customers worldwide. This capability is reflected in the formulation of common corporate technology standards,
  the establishment of cross-national and cross-sector teams, the operation of overseas branches, and the participation in
  international M&A.

  The Group is committed to building itself into a comprehensive multinational enterprise with global operations, research
  and development (“R&D”) capabilities in Europe and the U.S., manufacturing bases in the Asia-Pacific region, and localized
  service capabilities. By fully integrating technological resources and industry first-mover advantages from developed
  industrialized regions, the Group aims to transform its global network of branches into efficient solution platforms, pre-and
  post-sales service platforms, and regional business expansion platforms. Currently, the Company has its own subsidiaries
  and offices in the following countries and regions: (1) China — operating headquarters, manufacturing bases, design and
  engineering centers; (2) Hong Kong — registered office; (3) Japan — technical and engineering service center; (4) India
  — engineering and project service center; (5) Italy — advanced technology and project service center; (6) Singapore —
  advanced technology and project service center; (7) Sweden — technical and project service center; (8) U.S. — technical
  and project service center; (9) Mexico — engineering and project service center; (10) Malaysia — manufacturing base and
  project service center; (11) Thailand — engineering and project service center; and (12) Switzerland — manufacturing base
  and advanced technology service center.

  Establishment, Maintenance and Development of Customer Relationships

  The core competitiveness of the Group lies in the in-depth partnerships it has built with leading enterprises in various
  industries. Based on mutual empowerment, the Group jointly researches and develops the most cutting-edge technologies
  and products on the market at different stages of the development of these enterprises, thereby facilitating mutual growth.
  Targeting precisely the needs of multinational enterprises in different times, the Group has adopted a dynamic adjustment
  strategy to gradually develop comprehensive capabilities of trans-oceanic manufacturing, multinational service and global
  delivery on a systematic basis through the establishment of a global technology and service center network and the ongoing
  development of an international talent team.

  Commencing with servicing projects of renowned multinational corporations in China, the Group has been aspiring to
  become a global industry leader, a technology pioneer and an emerging force in regional markets, delivering products and
  services that meet or even surpass international standards. Through longstanding engagement and communication with
  our customers, the Group has been able to gain sustained insights into cutting-edge technologies across industries and
  real-time demands of the global markets. This has, in turn, driven the rapid iterations and enhancements of our products,
  technologies and service models, enabling us to swiftly respond to and shape the development trajectories of downstream
  industries.




22   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




HUMAN RESOURCES AND RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

Internationalized human resources construction is the core support for enterprises to achieve their strategic objectives in
global competition, which requires enterprises to build up cross-cultural management capabilities and a globalized talent
supply chain in their operations. As its international businesses expand significantly, the Group has adjusted its focus
on talent recruitment and development. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had over 4,800 employees, with newly
graduated master’s and doctoral degree holders accounting for over 60% of the total number of fresh graduates, and
non-Chinese employees accounting for approximately 10% of the total number of employees. Thanks to the further
expansion of our highly educated, well-qualified, and diversified workforce, the Group has gained access to more
multi-dimensional perspectives and a richer wellspring of ideas for sustained innovation. Furthermore, such enriched human
resource structure has significantly bolstered the effectiveness of our communication with international customers and
partners, effectively reducing the costs associated with misunderstandings and friction arising from cultural or cognitive
differences. This, in turn, enables us to serve the industrial demands of our local and surrounding markets with greater
precision and efficiency.

Human Resource Components: R&D, Process, Engineering, and Manufacturing

The Group serves the innovative needs of customers in multiple downstream sectors, which requires a staff structure
that balances the specialization of a single industry with the versatility of many industries. Based on the nature of work,
the Group’s employees engaged in technical and process-related work can be broadly divided into the following four
categories:

(1)    R&D personnel, who are personnel with specialized in scientific research and technological development, with the
       creation of new knowledge, new technologies, new products or new processes as their core responsibility. Such
       personnel serve in the R&D of the Group’s new products and technologies, and are responsible for further improving
       product lines or expanding new downstream areas.

(2)    Process personnel, who are process designers in a particular downstream industry. This category of personnel
       directly serves the customers’ process needs and has a high degree of specialization.

(3)    Engineering personnel, who are personnel with specialized knowledge in various fields such as machinery,
       plumbing, electrical and instrumental controls, or construction to serve the requirements of the process, and whose
       main duty is to assist craftspeople in ensuring the manufacturability of the products in the course of process design.
       This category of personnel has versatility across different industry business segments of the Group.

(4)    Manufacturing personnel, who are employees engaged in product manufacturing. Such personnel can carry out
       product manufacturing and construction work in accordance with the construction drawings prepared by engineers,
       process documents, and standard requirements. This category of personnel has a high degree of industry versatility
       and can satisfy the needs of the vast majority of the Group’s product manufacturing.

The Group has established comprehensive career development planning, training systems, and promotion mechanisms,
creating holistic channels for both new and existing employees to enhance their individual capabilities. In addition, the
Group provides opportunities for employees to study abroad every year, encouraging them to translate their research
subjects into practical application and, subsequently, into tangible outcomes. Such proactive approach allows us to reserve
knowledge and technologies in anticipation of the next wave of market demands, ultimately achieving common growth for
both the Group and its people.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   23
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Technology R&D

  The Group supports its internal entrepreneurship team by providing them platform incubation services in addition to sharing
  with them resources and markets to facilitate the development of new products and technologies.

  Through the establishment of joint laboratories with downstream enterprises, cooperation with renowned universities and
  internal independent innovation, the R&D team of the Group has been involved in a number of technological fields, such
  as (1) complete system for plant-derived human serum albumin; (2) synthesis technologies and devices for green methanol
  and green ammonia modules; (3) complete sets of devices for carbon dioxide recovery modules and polyether modules;
  (4) complete R&D devices and technologies for polymerization reaction-based high-performance electronic adhesives; (5)
  production and preparation of electrolyte raw materials for safe and long-lasting solid-state battery; (6) devices for the
  pilot-scale facility for the purification of electronic-grade N-Methylpyrrolidone (NMP); (7) devices for microchannel reactions;
  (8) platforms for intelligent 3D model generation systems; and (9) platforms for AI aggregation.

  In the future, the Group will continue to deepen the internationalization and diversity of its workforce, so as to maintain
  its overall competitiveness and quick response capability under the restructuring and diversification of the industrial chain
  among different industries around the world. Internationalized human resources will also become one of the strategic tools
  for the Group to build a multinational and global enterprise.


  MARKET OUTLOOK IN MAJOR DOWNSTREAM INDUSTRY

  LifeSciences

  Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical

  The pharmaceutical industry is intrinsically linked to human health and well-being, as its demand is long-term influenced
  by factors such as population size, aging rate, and disease evolution. The accelerating pace of population aging in China,
  coupled with the growing public health awareness, is continuously fostering and expanding the pharmaceutical and
  health-related consumer market, opening up broad and sustainable growth prospects for the entire pharmaceutical
  industry.

  According to a research report published by Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd. in December 2025, pharmaceutical
  manufacturing enterprises are subject to stringent government regulation and supervision throughout their entire
  operational lifecycle–from establishment to drug research and development and production, distribution and logistics,
  procurement, usage and pricing–due to their critical role in national economy and public welfare. Consequently, the
  industry maintains relatively high administrative barriers to entry. Furthermore, the government has successively introduced
  multiple industrial policies and healthcare reform measures at different stages of the industry’s development, which
  exert profound influence on the competitive landscape, profitability levels of enterprises within the industry, and even
  sustainability of their production and operation.




24   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




The research report indicates that the 11th batch of centralised procurement has set “stabilizing clinical application,
ensuring quality, countering internally vicious competition, and preventing bid rigging” as its core principles. Through
rule adjustments such as optimizing quota submission methods, raising market access and quality admission thresholds,
and innovating bidding mechanisms, accuracy in regulation has been progressively enhanced. The evolution of centralised
procurement policies has not only steered the industry away from pure price-based competition toward quality and
innovation-driven competition but also significantly impacted the revenue and profitability models of listed companies.
High-margin generic drug manufacturers and leading enterprises with advantages in scale and research and development
capabilities have gained greater pricing power and profitability in the market. As centralised quantity-specific drug
procurement becomes normalised and institutionalised, alongside ongoing adjustment to the National Reimbursement
Drug List, reform of the drug review and approval system, and refinement in regulatory policies, pharmaceutical companies
will progressively expedite their transformation and upgrading to pursue high-quality development. Innovative and capable
pharmaceutical enterprises are poised to further increase their market share within the industry.

Previously, the Group faced short-term pressure on performance due to geopolitical factors and macroeconomic policies.
However, the release of demands from international pharmaceutical companies and CXOs for overseas production, coupled
with the implementation of U.S. reshoring policies, has expanded the market for high-end pharmaceutical equipment
manufacturing, bringing the Group into a new growth cycle. Leveraging total modular solutions, the Group effectively
addresses customers’ pain points of high on-site construction costs and unpredictable timelines for overseas projects.
With the progressive enhancement of its global network, the Group is able to flexibly navigate various uncertainties while
ensuring compliance with local regulatory requirements. This enables high-quality service delivery to global customers and
the ongoing creation of investment value.

Energy and Materials

Raw materials of power battery

According to an article published by the official WeChat account of Gaogong Industry Research Institute (高工產業研究院)
(“GGII”) in January 2026, 2025 marked a “Year of Explosive Growth” for China’s energy-storage lithium battery market.
Characteristics such as higher-than-expected demands, price rebounds, technological iteration, and model innovation
propelled the industry toward a milestone leap forward. Notable industry developments at this stage include: (1) Surge in
shipments, with electric energy storage dominating market demand. GGII statistics indicate that China’s energy-storage
lithium battery market experienced explosive growth in 2025, with shipments reaching 630 gigawatt-hours, representing
a year-on-year increase of approximately 85%, far beyond industry expectations. Overseas, large-scale storage in the U.S.
has seen high growth for two consecutive years, while installed capacity of large-scale storage and commercial/industrial
energy storage in Europe has doubled. All these, coupled with the growing demand from new scenarios such as U.S. data
centers, have effectively boosted domestic demand growth; (2) Diminishing market concentration brought shifts in the
competitive landscape. In 2025, competition in China’s energy-storage lithium battery market was characterised by an
“unwavering frontrunners, complemented by surging challengers” dynamic. The top 10 enterprises’ aggregate market
share declined from approximately 95% in 2024 to approximately 90%, a slight de-concentration reflecting heightened
market competitiveness; (3) Accelerated technological iteration, with 314-ampere-hour (“Ah”) cells becoming mainstream
and large-capacity cell development gaining momentum. By 2025, second-generation 314Ah cells have become prevalent
in the industry, while third-generation 500+Ah ultra-high-capacity cells are being intensively launched. In terms of
technological reserves, both leading enterprises and emerging players have increased research and development investment
in 500+Ah large-capacity cells and completed production line construction. According to GGII’s estimation, the market
share of 500+Ah large-capacity cells is expected to reach 20% by 2026; (4) Beyond-expectation demand surge, persistent
expansion of capacity gap, and notable increase in original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) ratio. The concentrated
surge in demand conflicts with the lag in supply-side capacity expansion, leading to persistent cell production capacity
shortages throughout 2025. Some companies’ order backlogs have extended into the first half of 2026. With their own



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   25
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  facilities operating at full capacity, major battery manufacturers are intensifying OEM collaborations to compensate for
  insufficient in-house production capacity. This model not only alleviates short-term capacity pressures but also promotes
  the optimised allocation of production capacity resources within the industry; (5) Industry-wide price rebound, with
  supply-demand dynamics dominating pricing logic. The entire energy-storage lithium battery supply chain entered a
  price rebound cycle in 2025. On one hand, significant increases in upstream raw material prices directly drove up cell
  production costs. On the other hand, insufficient cell production capacity led to a “highest bidder wins” supply-demand
  dynamic, where downstream enterprises proactively accepted price hikes to secure production capacity; (6) Corporate
  strategic transformation extending from equipment supply to the entire industrial chain. In 2025, numerous energy-storage
  lithium battery enterprises expanded their reach downstream in the industrial chain. A notably higher proportion of cell
  manufacturers invested in power stations and expanded into alternating current side business operations.

  Currently, the lithium battery market presents a situation where “high-quality production capacity is in short supply
  while low-end capacity suffers from severe oversupply”. This phenomenon precisely mirrors the industry’s shift towards
  high-quality development and its supply-side restructuring. Through the replacement and elimination of low-end capacity
  by high-end capacity, the lithium battery industry is undergoing a transition from pursuing economy of scale to embracing
  quality innovation. During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully delivered core modules to a major overseas
  customer for its U.S. new energy project, which represents a crucial move in the customer’s expansion into the U.S. new
  energy market. Featuring an integrated production facility of nearly 10,000 tons supported by an intelligent management
  system, this project is dedicated to supplying battery manufacturers with essential advanced materials for electric vehicle
  batteries. Furthermore, noting that solid-state batteries may lead the next wave of market innovation, the Group has
  proactively diversified its technological reserves and development pathways to fully prepare for the commercialization and
  mass production of next-generation products.

  Green Energy

  According to the Notice on Initiating Pilot Work for Green Liquid Fuel Technology R&D and Industrialization (First Batch)
  issued by the General Office of the National Energy Administration of China in August 2025, five of the nine pilot projects
  announced pertain to green methanol, with a planned production capacity of approximately 800,000 tons.

  According to a research report released by Topsperity Securities Co., Ltd. in September 2025, (1) Hydrogen-based energy
  sources, such as green methanol, will be the most suitable marine fuels in the medium to long term: In April 2025, the
  83rd session of the Marine Environment Protection Committee (MEPC) under the International Maritime Organization
  (“IMO”) adopted the first legally binding net-zero emissions framework for the global shipping industry. Once ratified,
  this framework is expected to take effect in 2027. The IMO net-zero emissions framework will center on “bunker fuels”,
  driving transformation across the entire industrial chain–from marine powerplant development, new vessel model research
  and development, modern shipbuilding, green fuel production/supply/refueling/certification, to crew training. Under
  the IMO net-zero emissions framework, vessels under its jurisdiction shall calculate the greenhouse gas intensity of their
  fuels (GFI) annually and benchmark against the framework’s specified requirements. Vessels meeting the requirements
  will be deemed compliant and may even qualify for financial incentives; those failing to meet the requirements must
  fulfill compliance obligations through payment of emission fees or alternative measures. (2) Global demand for green
  methanol is ramping up, with supply-demand dynamics likely to remain imbalanced in the short term: According to
  statistics from Clarksons, as of February 2025, there were 50 methanol-fueled vessels in operation globally, with a total
  deadweight of approximately 3.04 million tons; while newbuilding orders stood at 250 vessels, with a total deadweight
  of approximately 22.77 million tons. According to data from The Orange Group, assuming all these vessels operate solely
  on methanol fuel, and considering the calorific value and density ratio between methanol and conventional fuels, the
  current methanol-powered vessels in operation require approximately 930,000 tons of methanol fuel. Factoring in the
  newbuilding orders for methanol-powered vessels, the future demand for methanol fuel from the estimated 300 vessels to
  be launched will reach approximately 6.79 million tons. Looking further ahead, following the implementation of the IMO



26   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




net-zero emissions framework and referencing forecasts from ChineseShipping.com.cn, global shipping fuel consumption
is anticipated to stabilise at approximately 260 million tons of oil equivalent by 2050, of which the proportion of green
shipping fuels is estimated to reach 80%. Consequently, the future expansion potential for the green methanol market is
exceptionally promising in the long run.

The scale of global green and low-carbon projects continues to expand against the backdrop of “carbon neutrality”. From
planning to mass production, green methanol projects require indispensable supports from customers, technologies, and
resources. Particularly, the gasification process serves as the core of process control, where technological proficiency and
operational stability directly determine the feasibility and economic viability of the entire project. The Group can present
intuitive data to customers via simulated economic profitability models at initiative stages, and constantly refine technical
solutions through continuous communication. Moreover, leveraging mature technology reserves and extensive project
delivery experience, the Group initiates development from the source, where complete equipment and modular plants serve
as the foundation to ultimately transform customers’ concepts into commercially viable projects.

Electronic Chemical

Wet electronic chemicals are indispensable key foundational materials in semiconductor manufacturing, widely used in
core processes such as cleaning, etching, and photoetching. Their purity and stability directly determine chip yield and
performance. Against the backdrop of ever-shrinking advanced processes, market demand for high-purity chemicals is
becoming increasingly urgent.

According to a research report published by Aijian Securities Co., Ltd. in December 2025, Market Insights data from
Statista indicates that the global semiconductor market amounted to USD659.1 billion in 2024 (a year-on-year increase
of approximately 20.0%), and is anticipated to reach USD789.3 billion by 2025 (a year-on-year increase of approximately
19.7%). The semiconductor market is currently segmented into integrated circuits, AI chips, optoelectronic devices, discrete
semiconductors, and sensors and actuators. Integrated circuits serve as the core pillar, with a 2024 market size of USD487.2
billion, accounting for approximately 73.9% of the semiconductor market. AI chips represent the fastest-growing segment,
with a 2024 market size of approximately USD68.9 billion (a year-on-year increase of approximately 49.3%); other products
in the global semiconductor market, excluding integrated circuits and AI chips, achieved a 2024 market size of USD103.0
billion (a year-on-year increase of approximately 9.3%). Additionally, the report indicates that China’s semiconductor
market amounted to USD176.9 billion in 2024 (a year-on-year growth of approximately 15.9%), and is anticipated to reach
USD206.7 billion by 2025 (a year-on-year increase of approximately 16.9%). The 2024 semiconductor market in China
is primarily segmented into integrated circuits (approximately USD139.3 billion), optoelectronic devices (approximately
USD13.4 billion), discrete semiconductors (approximately USD11.2 billion), sensors and actuators (approximately USD7.0
billion), and AI chips (approximately USD6.1 billion). Among these, integrated circuits represent the largest semiconductor
product category, accounting for approximately 78.7% of the market share. AI chips represent the fastest-growing product
category, with a year-on-year increase of 48.3%.

For quite a long time, the high-end wet electronic chemicals market has been monopolised by foreign manufacturers
from the U.S., Japan, Germany, and other countries, posing “bottleneck” risks to supply chain security. Through
technology introduction, collaborative research and development and independent innovation, the Group has developed
semiconductor-grade electronic chemical production processes and the capability to provide core equipment and total
solutions. We have delivered relevant products and services across various countries and regions, providing vital support for
the establishment of a secure, resilient, and self-reliant semiconductor industry chain.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   27
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Data Center

  According to a research report published by Aijian Securities Co., Ltd. in December 2025, as of November 2025, the U.S.
  operated over 4,000 data centers, ranking first globally. The UK held the second position with 499 data centers, followed
  by Germany and China with 487 and 381 data centers respectively. Currently, Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) operates
  the largest number of data centers in the U.S., with a total of 197 facilities in operation and a combined power capacity of
  8.89 gigawatts (“GW”). Data centers run by operator Tract (“Tract”) boast the highest total power capacity in the U.S.,
  exceeding 15GW. Major U.S. data center operators currently have over 300 facilities under construction. What’s more,
  AWS, Tract, and other vendors have each announced plans for 160+ facilities. It is projected that the internet capacity of
  newly-built data centers in the U.S. could reach 55GW over the next five years.

  The research report indicates that the electricity consumption of U.S. data centers accounted for approximately 4.4% of
  total U.S. electricity consumption in 2023, which is projected to rise to somewhere between 6.7% and 12% by 2028.
  Total electricity consumption by data centers has surged from approximately 58 terawatt-hours (“TWh”) in 2014 to
  approximately 176 TWh in 2023. By 2028, this value is projected to soar further, reaching the range of 325–580 TWh.
  Data centers have emerged as one of the primary drivers of U.S. electricity load growth. Total electricity generation from
  large grid-connected facilities in the U.S. increased by merely 6% or so between 2015 and 2024, with negative growth
  even occurring in 2019–2020, indicating insufficient long-term growth momentum. In 2025, monthly electricity generation
  in the U.S. saw no significant year-on-year increase compared to 2024, indicating no meaningful improvement in the
  short-term supply landscape. According to forecasts from the North American Electric Reliability Council (NERC), by 2034,
  electricity production in most areas of the U.S. will fall below the reserve margin threshold, further exacerbating the issue
  of power supply gaps. In addition, power generation options such as nuclear, hydroelectric, and coal-fired facilities require
  lengthy construction cycles that poorly align with the timeline for data center development (the average lead time for
  delivering a data center in China in 2024 is approximately one year). On-site power generation represents an effective
  approach to meeting data center electricity demands. According to data from Bloom Energy, on-site power generation
  projects for data centers to be commissioned by 2030 primarily employ three technologies: gas turbines, fuel cells, and
  reciprocating engines. Some data centers are also beginning to adopt emerging technologies such as geothermal power
  generation and small modular reactors (SMRs), though these are not expected to achieve large-scale commercialization
  by 2030. On-site power generation is gradually evolving from its traditional role as a backup power source to a primary or
  significant supplementary energy source.

  The global data center market is currently experiencing rapid growth, with demands for power, cooling, and network
  interconnectivity increasing exponentially. Air cooling can no longer meet the requirements for high-density heat
  dissipation, while cold-plate and immersion liquid cooling technologies are transitioning from pilot testing to large-scale
  deployment. Focusing on delivering highly integrated products and services characterised by high efficiency, controllability,
  eco-friendliness and low carbon footprint, our prefabricated modular factory solutions and microchannel technology
  reserves perfectly align with market demands in the AI era. We tailor solutions to meet customer needs, empowering them
  to maximise commercial value.




28   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL DATA REVIEW

Revenue

The Group’s revenue increased by approximately 0.1% from approximately RMB6,948,354,000 for the year ended 31
December 2024 to approximately RMB6,954,932,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025. Among these, revenues of
pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, as well as family care industries saw significant growth, while revenues of certain
other industries decreased, which was mainly due to the slowdown in the pace of expansion of downstream industries and
the short-term slowdown in capital investment in mainland China.

                                                  For the year ended 31 December                                            Year-on-year
                                                    2025                   2024                                  Increase        change
    Revenue by end application               RMB’000 Proportion      RMB’000    Proportion                      RMB’000


    Electronic chemical                       257,766              3.7%           809,215         11.6%         -551,449          -68.1%
    Chemical                                1,284,756             18.5%         1,683,437         24.2%         -398,681          -23.7%
    Family care*                              655,428              9.4%           235,067          3.4%          420,361          178.8%
    Raw materials of power
      battery#                              1,049,419             15.1%         1,218,342         17.5%         -168,923          -13.9%
    Oil and gas refinery                      844,424             12.1%           629,820          9.1%          214,604           34.1%
    Pharmaceutical and
      biopharmaceutical                     2,228,311             32.0%         1,586,266         22.8%          642,045           40.5%
    Others                                    634,828              9.2%           786,207         11.3%         -151,379          -19.3%


    Total                                   6,954,932           100.0%          6,948,354       100.0%              6,578           0.1%

*           The English translation of “日化” has been changed from “daily chemical” to “family care” for business identification purposes. The
            offerings and products under this industry remain unchanged.

#           Raw materials of power battery include mining and metallurgy industry.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025     29
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Cost of Sales

  The cost of sales of the Group increased by approximately 4.9% from approximately RMB4,898,577,000 for the year ended
  31 December 2024 to approximately RMB5,138,349,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025. The main reason that
  cost growth was slightly higher than revenue growth was that, affected by the macroeconomic environment, the Group
  strategically adjusted the sales pricing strategy for certain orders to expand into new markets.

                                                 For the year ended 31 December                           Year-on-year
                                                   2025                   2024                 Increase        change
     Cost of Sales                          RMB’000 Proportion      RMB’000    Proportion     RMB’000


     Raw materials and
       consumables                         2,600,427      50.6%     2,682,724      54.8%       -82,297         -3.1%
     Direct labour costs                     750,653      14.6%       615,078      12.6%       135,575         22.0%
     Outsourcing fees                        539,584      10.5%       619,646      12.6%       -80,062        -12.9%
     Installation and repair cost            744,298      14.5%       546,036      11.1%       198,262         36.3%
     Depreciation                            152,296       3.0%       147,663       3.0%         4,633          3.1%
     Impairment losses on assets              29,936       0.6%        11,082       0.2%        18,854        170.1%
     Others (indirect labour cost +
       design fees)                          321,155       6.2%      276,348        5.7%        44,807         16.2%


     Total                                 5,138,349      100.0%    4,898,577     100.0%       239,772          4.9%




30     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

The gross profit of the Group decreased by approximately 11.4% from approximately RMB2,049,777,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB1,816,583,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025. For the year ended
31 December 2025, the gross profit margin of the Group was approximately 26.1%.

                                                     For the year ended 31 December                                           Increase of
                                                                                                             Increase of      gross profit
                                                        2025                               2024              gross profit         margin
                                                                 Gross                             Gross
    Gross profit by end                                          profit                            profit
    application                              RMB’000            margin           RMB’000          margin        RMB’000


    Electronic chemical                        49,535             19.2%              180,797      22.3%         -131,262            -3.1%
    Chemical                                  289,886             22.6%              503,635      29.9%         -213,749            -7.3%
    Family care*                              178,131             27.2%               59,283      25.2%          118,848             2.0%
    Raw materials of power
      battery#                                328,062             31.3%              427,011      35.0%          -98,949            -3.7%
    Oil and gas refinery                      254,825             30.2%              219,569      34.9%           35,256            -4.7%
    Pharmaceutical and
      biopharmaceutical                       623,934             28.0%              417,446      26.3%          206,488            1.7%
    Others                                     92,210             14.5%              242,036      30.8%         -149,826          -16.3%


    Total                                   1,816,583             26.1%         2,049,777         29.5%         -233,194            -3.4%

*           The English translation of “日化” has been changed from “daily chemical” to “family care” for business identification purposes. The
            offerings and products under this industry remain unchanged.

#           Raw materials of power battery include mining and metallurgy industry.


Electronic Chemical

The gross profit of the electronic chemical industry of the Group decreased by approximately RMB131,262,000 from
approximately RMB180,797,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB49,535,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2025; the gross profit margin decreased from approximately 22.3% for the year ended 31 December
2024 to approximately 19.2% for the year ended 31 December 2025. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due
to additional costs incurred during the process of addressing a quality issue of a certain piece of equipment.

Chemical

The gross profit of the chemical industry of the Group decreased by approximately RMB213,749,000 from approximately
RMB503,635,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB289,886,000 for the year ended 31
December 2025; the gross profit margin decreased from approximately 29.9% for the year ended 31 December 2024
to approximately 22.6% for the year ended 31 December 2025. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due to
intense industry competition, which led to adjustments in the order-taking strategy for certain projects in order to maintain
customer relationships and market share.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      31
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Family Care

  The gross profit of the family care industry of the Group increased by approximately RMB118,848,000 from approximately
  RMB59,283,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB178,131,000 for the year ended 31
  December 2025; the gross profit margin increased from approximately 25.2% for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
  approximately 27.2% for the year ended 31 December 2025. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to the
  higher margins generated by highly customized integrated solution projects.

  Raw Materials of Power Battery

  The gross profit of the raw materials of power battery industry of the Group decreased by approximately RMB98,949,000
  from approximately RMB427,011,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB328,062,000 for
  the year ended 31 December 2025; the gross profit margin decreased from approximately 35.0% for the year ended 31
  December 2024 to approximately 31.3% for the year ended 31 December 2025. The decrease in gross profit margin was
  mainly due to the inclusion of supporting road and bridge construction work in a high-value order, which diluted the overall
  gross profit.

  Oil and Gas Refinery

  The gross profit of the oil and gas refinery industry of the Group increased by approximately RMB35,256,000 from
  approximately RMB219,569,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB254,825,000 for the year
  ended 31 December 2025; the gross profit margin decreased from approximately 34.9% for the year ended 31 December
  2024 to approximately 30.2% for the year ended 31 December 2025. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due
  to adjustments to the gross profit margin requirements for certain projects in order to further expand into specific markets.

  Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical

  The gross profit of the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry of the Group increased by approximately
  RMB206,488,000 from approximately RMB417,446,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately
  RMB623,934,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025; the gross profit margin increased from approximately 26.3% for
  the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately 28.0% for the year ended 31 December 2025. The increase in gross
  profit margin was mainly due to a project requiring high-end equipment with extremely high precision and stability, where
  the technical complexity enhanced the product’s added value.

  Other Income

  Other income of the Group primarily consists of government grants, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses.
  Other income of the Group increased by approximately 30.5% from approximately RMB117,406,000 for the year ended
  31 December 2024 to approximately RMB153,180,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025. Such increase was mainly
  due to the relocation compensation received by the Group’s Shanghai manufacturing base following its policy-mandated
  relocation.




32   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Selling and Marketing Expenses

The Group’s selling and marketing expenses primarily consist of the salaries and benefits of its sales and marketing staff,
commissions, customer service fees, travel expenses and marketing and promotion expenses. The selling and marketing
expenses of the Group increased by approximately 29.8% from approximately RMB164,287,000 for the year ended 31
December 2024 to approximately RMB213,212,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025. Such increase was mainly due
to: 1) the expansion of the overseas marketing team, resulting in higher related compensation expenses and travel costs;
and 2) increased technical support expenses for overseas projects during their initial stages. The selling and marketing
expenses accounted for approximately 3.1% of total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 (same period in 2024:
approximately 2.4%).

General and Administrative Expenses

The Group’s general and administrative expenses primarily consist of the salaries and benefits of management and
administrative staff, office expenses and consulting fees. The general and administrative expenses of the Group increased
by approximately 16.7% from approximately RMB565,118,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately
RMB659,378,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025. Such increase was mainly due to the increases in: 1) salaries and
benefits, travel expenses, etc. of management and administrative staff to support overseas business development; and 2)
depreciation expenses as a result of the operational commencement of the Suzhou manufacturing base and the substantial
completion of the upgrade of the Malaysia manufacturing base. The general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
total revenue was approximately 9.5% for the year ended 31 December 2025 (same period in 2024: approximately 8.1%).

Impairment Loss on Trade Receivables and Contract Assets

Impairment loss on trade receivables and contract assets of the Group decreased by approximately 55.3% from
approximately RMB116,344,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB51,961,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2025. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the Group’s strengthened risk management and
control as well as the implementation of a strict early warning mechanism for trade receivables, which reduced the need for
full impairment provisions on high-risk trade receivables.

Research and Development Expenses

The Group’s research and development expenses decreased by approximately 22.3% from approximately
RMB399,241,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB310,386,000 for the year ended 31
December 2025, which was mainly attributable to the adjustment of the priority of R&D projects to align with the Group’s
operating strategy. The research and development expenses as a percentage of total revenue was approximately 4.5% for
the year ended 31 December 2025 (same period in 2024: approximately 5.7%).

Finance Costs

The Group’s finance costs primarily consist of the interest on lease liabilities and interest on bank borrowings. The Group’s
finance costs increased by approximately 57.5% from approximately RMB10,448,000 for the year ended 31 December
2024 to approximately RMB16,458,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025. Such increase was mainly due to the new
bank borrowings arising from the Group’s merger and acquisition activities.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   33
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Income Tax Expenses

  The Group’s income tax expenses decreased by approximately 26.8% from approximately RMB181,373,000 for the
  year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB132,754,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Group
  derived its profit mainly from the subsidiaries located in China that are recognized as high-tech enterprises, which enjoy a
  preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s effective income tax
  rate was approximately 18.5%, representing a decrease of approximately 1.4% from approximately 19.9% for the year
  ended 31 December 2024, which was mainly attributable to: 1) a decrease in provision for the withholding income tax
  expenses as dividends expected to be received by the Company from its PRC subsidiaries decreased compared to the same
  period in 2024; and 2) a decrease in non-deductible expenses and additional tax payments arising from the annual tax
  settlement for certain PRC subsidiaries.

  Net Profit and Net Profit Margin

  Based on the above factors, the Group recorded a net profit of approximately RMB584,292,000 for the year ended 31
  December 2025, representing a decrease of approximately 19.9% from approximately RMB729,881,000 for the year
  ended 31 December 2024. The Group’s net profit margin was approximately 8.4% for the year ended 31 December 2025,
  representing a decrease of approximately 2.1% from approximately 10.5% for the year ended 31 December 2024.

  Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) Measures

  The Group believes that the adjusted financial measures are useful for understanding and evaluating the underlying
  performance and operating trends of the Group, and that the management and investors may benefit from referring to
  these adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s financial performance by eliminating the impact of certain
  unusual, non-recurring, non-cash and non-operating items that the Group does not consider indicative of the performance
  of the Group’s core business. The Group’s management believes that these non-HKFRS financial measures are widely
  accepted and applied in the industry in which the Group operates. However, these non-HKFRS financial measures should
  not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared or presented in accordance with
  HKFRS. Shareholders and potential investors of the Group should not view the following adjusted results on a standalone
  basis or as a substitute for results prepared under HKFRSs, and such non-HKFRS financial measures may not be comparable
  to similar titled measures presented by other companies.

  EBITDA

  For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recorded an EBITDA of approximately RMB971,206,000, representing a
  decrease of approximately 13.0% from approximately RMB1,116,488,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024.

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


     Net profit                                                                             584,292                729,881
     Add: Income tax expenses                                                               132,754                181,373
          Interest expenses                                                                  16,458                 10,448
          Depreciation                                                                      212,588                173,485
          Amortization                                                                       25,114                 21,301
     EBITDA                                                                                 971,206              1,116,488




34     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Property, Plant and Equipment

The property, plant and equipment of the Group increased by approximately 4.6% from approximately RMB2,398,082,000
as at 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB2,507,834,000 as at 31 December 2025, mainly due to the increase of the
Group’s investment in the Malaysia manufacturing base.

Contract Assets

The Group’s contract assets increased by approximately 72.4% from approximately RMB938,869,000 as at 31 December
2024 to approximately RMB1,618,414,000 as at 31 December 2025, which was mainly attributable to the fact that
the proportion of revenue for which the control is transferred over a period of time increased, and that certain ongoing
high-value orders had recognized partial revenue but had not yet reached the agreed milestone for payment collection.

Inventories

The Group’s inventories decreased by approximately 8.4% from approximately RMB797,243,000 as at 31 December 2024
to approximately RMB730,415,000 as at 31 December 2025, mainly due to the reduction in work in progress following
the completion of delivery of certain high-value orders for which the control was transferred at the point in time during the
Reporting Period.

Trade and Other Payables

The Group’s trade and other payables increased by approximately 26.0% from approximately RMB1,646,583,000 as at
31 December 2024 to approximately RMB2,074,713,000 as at 31 December 2025, mainly due to: 1) increased trade
payables resulted from adjustments to the prepayment ratios for certain suppliers, coupled with substantial payments to
suppliers nearing but had not yet reached the agreed milestone for payment; and 2) increased salary and bonus payments
to employees.

Contract Liabilities

The contract liabilities of the Group decreased by approximately 17.3% from approximately RMB1,476,247,000 as at 31
December 2024 to approximately RMB1,221,152,000 as at 31 December 2025, mainly due to the recognition of revenue
from certain high-value orders for which the control was transferred at the point in time during the Reporting Period.

Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

The total borrowings of the Group increased by approximately 54.8% from approximately RMB214,185,000 as at 31
December 2024 to approximately RMB331,577,000 as at 31 December 2025, mainly due to the Group’s financing for
overseas merger and acquisition activities.

As at 31 December 2025, the interest rates of the borrowings of the Group ranged from 1.69% to 2.95%, and all of
the borrowings will be due within 1 year. Among these, approximately RMB321,571,000 were fixed-rate borrowings
and approximately RMB10,006,000 were variable-rate borrowings. Borrowings denominated in RMB amounted to
approximately RMB70,690,000, while those denominated in Swiss francs amounted to approximately RMB260,887,000.

Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. The gearing ratio of the Group
increased from approximately 4.1% as at 31 December 2024 to approximately 5.7% as at 31 December 2025, mainly due
to the increase in the balance of the borrowings of the Group.



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   35
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Liquidity and Capital Resources

  The balance of cash and cash equivalents of the Group was approximately RMB3,132,067,000 as at 31 December
  2025, which was mainly denominated in RMB, USD, HKD, SGD, JPY and EUR, representing an increase of approximately
  RMB536,619,000 as compared with approximately RMB2,595,448,000 as at 31 December 2024. Besides, the Group
  had restricted bank deposits of approximately RMB1,643,000 pledged for issuing bank bills of exchange. The Group
  purchased short-term financial products issued by banks with idle funds under the premise of ensuring liquidity, and
  entered into a series of forward foreign exchange contracts, of which the outstanding amount as at 31 December 2025 was
  approximately RMB152,200,000.

  The liquidity of the Group is mainly maintained by cash generated from operating activities, allotment and issuance of
  equity securities/net proceeds from the Global Offering and bank borrowings. The liquidity demand mainly includes general
  working capital and capital expenditures.

  The Group’s management continuously monitors trade receivables balances and any overdue balances closely, supervises
  the timely collection of receivables, and makes adequate impairment loss allowance for irrecoverable amounts when
  deemed necessary. To control liquidity risk, the Group’s sales department prepares accounts receivable collection forecasts
  in accordance with internal procedures and provides regular feedback to the finance department on actual collection
  performance. Meanwhile, the Group maintains the capital flexibility with bank credit facilities and interest-bearing
  borrowings, and regularly monitors current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that sufficient financial resources
  are maintained to meet liquidity needs.

  As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s total banking facilities amounted to RMB2,555,000,000, US$297,000,000,
  SEK300,000,000, CHF42,000,000 and JPY26,700,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,438,885,000 in aggregate),
  of which the utilized banking facilities amounted to approximately RMB709,609,000, US$119,978,000, EUR31,442,000,
  SGD7,798,000, MYR1,837,000, MXN56,048,000, CHF33,139,000 and JPY82,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
  RMB2,176,438,000 in aggregate), and the unutilized banking facilities amounted to approximately RMB4,262,447,000.

  Charges on Assets

  As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any assets or rights pledged.

  Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees

  As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

  Issue of Equity Securities

  During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any equity securities (including securities convertible into equity
  securities) or sell treasury shares for cash.




36   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




On 4 January 2023, the Company, Morimatsu Holdings and China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities
Limited (“CICC”) entered into the placing and subscription agreement, pursuant to which: (1) Morimatsu Holdings agreed
to appoint CICC and CICC agreed to act as agent for Morimatsu Holdings to procure in good faith that purchasers would
purchase an aggregate of up to 80,000,000 existing Shares (the “Sale Shares”) at the placing price of HK$8.30 per
Sale Share (the “Placing”); and (2) Morimatsu Holdings agreed to subscribe for, and the Company agreed to allot and
issue to Morimatsu Holdings, an aggregate of up to 80,000,000 new Shares (the “Subscription Shares”) at the same
subscription price as the placing price (the “Subscription”), in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions
set out in the placing and subscription agreement. The closing price per Share of the Company as quoted on the Stock
Exchange on 4 January 2023 was HK$9.47 and the total number of issued Shares as at 4 January 2023 was 1,073,795,900.

On 9 January 2023, the Placing was completed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the placing and subscription
agreement and an aggregate of 80,000,000 Sale Shares were successfully placed to not less than six placees, who, together
with their respective ultimate beneficial owners, were independent third parties, at the placing price of HK$8.30 per Sale
Share. As all the conditions of the Subscription have been fulfilled, on 12 January 2023, the Company has allotted and
issued 80,000,000 Subscription Shares to Morimatsu Holdings at a price of HK$8.30 per Subscription Share in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the placing and subscription agreement. The net proceeds from the Subscription (after
deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company and Morimatsu Holdings in connection with the Placing
and the Subscription) amounted to approximately HK$654.7 million (the “Net Proceeds from the Subscription”).

The Directors believe that the Placing and the Subscription will benefit the Group’s long-term development, broaden its
Shareholder and capital base, facilitate future business growth and development, and enhance the liquidity of the Shares.
The Group intends to use the Net Proceeds from the Subscription primarily for the construction of the Group’s factory
buildings in Suzhou, the PRC and Malaysia, to accelerate the Group’s expansion into the European market and for general
corporate purposes. The Company has allocated and utilized the Net Proceeds from the Subscription for matters consistent
with the purposes as detailed in the announcement of the Company dated 4 January 2023 and during the Reporting
Period, the Group has utilized the Net Proceeds from the Subscription as set out in the table below:

                                                                        Distribution of
                                                                        Net Proceeds                         Amounts
                                                                              from the     Unused Net       of the Net     Unused Net
                                                                        Subscription as      Proceeds         Proceeds       Proceeds
                                          Net Proceeds    Net Proceeds a percentage          from the         from the       from the
                                              from the        from the     of total Net   Subscription Subscription       Subscription
                                          Subscription    Subscription        Proceeds        as at 31 utilized during        as at 31
                                               actually        actually       from the      December the Reporting          December
                                           distributed     distributed Subscription              2024            Period          2025
                                               HK$’000        RMB’000                        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


 Construction of Changshu
    Manufacturing Base                          327,335        283,603          50.0%               —               —                 —
 Construction of Malaysia Manufacturing
    Base                                        261,868        226,883          40.0%               —               —                 —
 Expansion of European Market                    32,733         28,360           5.0%           21,096          21,096                —
 General working capital                         32,733         28,360           5.0%               —               —                 —

 Subtotal                                      654,669         567,206         100.0%           21,096          21,096                —




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       37
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  As at the date of this report, all Net Proceeds from the Subscription have been fully utilized.

  Please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 4 January 2023 and 12 January 2023 for further details of the Placing
  and the Subscription.

  Use of Net Proceeds from the Global Offering

  The Company’s Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2021 in an initial public offering
  with net proceeds of approximately HK$686,690,000 (after deduction of underwriting commissions and related expenses)
  raised (the “Net Proceeds”).

  The Company has allocated and used and will continue to allocate and use the Net Proceeds for the purposes consistent
  with those set out in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus of the Company. During the
  Reporting Period, the Group has utilized the Net Proceeds as the table below:

                                                                        Allocation                           Net
                                                                            of Net     Unused Net     Proceeds     Unused Net
                                                     Net         Net     Proceeds        Proceeds       utilized     Proceeds
                                               Proceeds    Proceeds            as a       as at 31   during the       as at 31
                                                actually    actually   percentage       December     Reporting      December
     Purposes                                  allocated   allocated       of total          2024        Period          2025
                                                HK$’000    RMB’000                       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


     Improve production capacity and
        modular manufacturing capability         412,014     342,957           60.0%            —            —              —
     Improve and expand service and digital
        service capabilities                      90,679      75,481           13.2%            —            —              —
     Continue to implement
        internationalization strategy             82,436      68,619           12.0%         2,548        2,548             —
     Investment in underlying research and
        development from 2021 to 2023             32,974      27,448            4.8%            —            —              —
     General working capital                      68,587      57,091           10.0%            —            —              —


     Subtotal                                   686,690     571,596           100.0%        2,548         2,548             —


  As at the date of this report, all Net Proceeds have been fully utilized.

  Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

  In January 2025, Morimatsu Singapore, a subsidiary of the Company, established a new wholly-owned subsidiary,
  Morimatsu Engineering & Technology (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (“MET Malaysia”). Following completion of the capital
  injection in June 2025, the share capital of MET Malaysia is MYR3,000,000. MET Malaysia serves as one of the technology
  hubs and engineering services centers for the Group’s energy materials segment in Southeast Asia and leverages its
  geographical advantages and strengths as a talent hub to support the Group’s other operational bases, particularly in the
  Southeast Asian and North American markets.




38     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




In February 2025, Morimatsu Biotechnology, a subsidiary of the Company, jointly established a new non-wholly-owned
subsidiary, Shanghai MoriSora Technology Co., Ltd. (上海森紘科技有限公司) (“MoriSora Technology”), with
four independent third parties. The registered capital of MoriSora Technology is RMB12,000,000, in which Morimatsu
Biotechnology directly holds a 70% equity interest. MoriSora Technology is primarily engaged in the research and
development, production and sales of drying equipment, cleaning equipment, sterilization equipment and conveyor
systems, as well as providing maintenance, upgrades and validation services for such equipment.

In April 2025, Lifesciences Singapore and Pharmadule Singapore, subsidiaries of the Company, entered into equity transfer
agreements with two third parties, pursuant to which, Lifesciences Singapore agreed to acquire 80% equity interest in
Morimatsu Thailand, and Pharmadule Singapore agreed to acquire 20% equity interest in Morimatsu Thailand. Upon
completion of the equity transfer, the Company indirectly holds 100% equity interest in Morimatsu Thailand.

In June 2025, Morimatsu Heavy Industry, a subsidiary of the Company, jointly established a new non-wholly-owned
subsidiary, Ei-Mori Fluid, with an independent third party. The registered capital of Ei-Mori Fluid is RMB10,000,000, in
which Morimatsu Heavy Industry directly holds a 51% equity interest. Ei-Mori Fluid is primarily engaged in the R&D,
manufacturing and sales of valves, as well as the installation and commissioning of valve accessories, and related after-sales
maintenance services.

In July 2025, the Company, Morimatsu China, Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, being subsidiaries of the Company, and four
independent third parties (the “Investors”) entered into transaction documents, pursuant to which the Investors agreed
to subscribe for the additional registered capital of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical of RMB12,946,412 at a consideration of
RMB330,000,000 (the “Investment Subscription”). Upon completion of the Investment Subscription, the registered
capital of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical will be increased from RMB86,309,407 to RMB99,255,819 and the Company will
directly and indirectly hold approximately 73.99% of shareholding in Morimatsu Pharmaceutical. Please refer to the
Company’s announcements dated 7 July 2025 and 14 July 2025 for further details of the Investment Subscription.

In August 2025, Morimatsu Singapore, a subsidiary of the Company, established a new wholly-owned subsidiary,
Morimatsu Engineering & Technology (Italy) S.r.l. (“MET Italy”). The registered capital of MET Italy is EUR4,500.
Leveraging its geographical advantage in the core region of Europe, MET Italy will further enhance communication and
collaboration between the Group and European customers, suppliers, and strategic partners by establishing a professional
service team, thereby empowering the global business development of the Group.

In August 2025, Morimatsu Heavy Industry, a subsidiary of the Company, established a new wholly-owned subsidiary,
Morimatsu Technology and Trade. The registered capital of Morimatsu Technology and Trade is RMB10,000,000, in which
the Company indirectly holds a 100% equity interest. Morimatsu Technology and Trade is primarily engaged in the import
and export of machinery and equipment, special equipment, specialized production equipment and spare parts for the oil
refining/chemical/new energy industries, metal materials, and structural components, as well as the provision of related
supporting technical services.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   39
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  In September 2025, MII, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into equity transfer agreements with two independent
  third parties, pursuant to which, MII agreed to acquire 100% equity interest in Bioengineering AG and its subsidiaries.
  Upon completion of the equity transfer, the Company indirectly holds 100% equity interest in Bioengineering AG and its
  subsidiaries.

 In October 2025, Morimatsu Hi-Purity, a subsidiary of the Company, jointly established a new non-wholly-owned
 subsidiary, Shanghai Morimatsu Fluorotech Innovation Co., Ltd. (上海森松氟創科技有限公司) (“MFT”), with an
 independent third party. The registered capital of MFT is RMB2,000,000, in which Morimatsu Hi-Purity directly holds a 75%
 equity interest. MFT is primarily engaged in the manufacturing and sales of linings for metal storage tanks and metal piping,
 as well as the processing and sales of polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) gaskets.

 In November 2025, MET Malaysia and Morimatsu T&S, subsidiaries of the Company, established a new wholly-owned
 subsidiary, MET India. The share capital of MET India is INR100,000. MET India serves as a vital technical service hub and
 market development center for the Group’s energy materials segment in India. Leveraging its geographical advantages
 and utilizing local talent and language strengths, it collaborates with the Group’s other operational bases for coordinated
 development. By expanding its presence in the Indian market, the Group further strengthens its expansion into European
 and American markets.

 Save as disclosed above, the Group did not hold any other significant investments, nor did it have any material acquisitions
 or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the Reporting Period, and the Group did not have any explicit
 future plans for significant investments or capital assets acquisitions as at 31 December 2025.

  Important Events after the Reporting Period

  In January 2026, upon the approval of board of directors of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, a subsidiary of the Company, the
  cash dividends of RMB120,000,000 was declared to its shareholders but had not been recognised as a liability at the end
  of the Reporting Period in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standards 10.

  Save as disclosed above, as of the date of this annual report, the Group had no significant events after the Reporting Period.




40   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                         Directors’ Report


The Board is pleased to present this report of the Directors together with the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Group for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

The Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
the Laws of Hong Kong) on 23 July 2019. The Group’s principal activities are the design, manufacture, installation and
operation and maintenance of core equipment, process system (such as process module) and total solutions (such as
modular industrial equipment) mainly for chemical reactions, biological reactions and polymerization. The Group currently
provides services to downstream industries/fields, including oil and gas refinery, family care, new chemical materials,
pharmaceuticals (including biopharmaceuticals and chemical synthesis drugs), raw materials for power batteries (including
metallic ores, raw materials for lithium batteries and intermediate chemical raw materials) and electronic chemicals
(including the production of raw materials for photovoltaics and high-purity chemical reagents), etc.

A list of the Company’s subsidiaries, together with their places of incorporation, principal activities and particulars of their
issued shares/fully paid-up capital, is set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report provides a review of the business of the
Group during the Reporting Period and a discussion of its future business development, and the “Environmental, Social and
Governance Report” section contains a discussion and explanation of the Group’s environmental (including climate-related)
policies and performance, its compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on it, and its
relationships with employees, customers, suppliers and other parties during the Reporting Period. These discussions form
part of this report of the Directors.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this Directors’ Report were:

Executive Directors

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (Chief Financial Officer)
Mr. Tang Weihua
Mr. Sheng Ye
Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (With effect from March 23, 2026)
Mr. Yu Jianguo
Mr. Kanno Shinichiro (Ceased on 24 December 2025)



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   41
  Directors’ Report




  Other directors of all subsidiaries during the Reporting Period and up to the date of
  this Directors’ Report

  Ms. Nishimura Kyoko
  Mr. Matsuhisa Hiroyuki
  Mr. Sanada Kazuaki
  Mr. Kataoka Mitsuhiro
  Mr. Lu Weifeng
  Mr. Li Hongbin
  Mr. Lv Binfeng
  Mr. Yang Xiaodong
  Mr. Ma Yong
  Ms. Yuan Hong
  Mr. He Wenxing
  Mr. Chen Hongwei
  Mr. Liu Xingguo
  Mr. Liang Liang
  Mr. Jiang Pei
  Mr. Gu Zhenghui
  Ms. Zhang Haifang
  Mr. Lu Yi
  Mr. Li Daoquan
  Mr. Chen Zhangwu
  Mr. Yang Mingzhi
  Ms. Xia Wei
  Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap
  Mr. Du Mingdi
  Mr. Jin Qiaorong
  Mr. Yuan Zhengchao
  Ms. Lan Lei
  Mr. Gausmohmmad Mohmmadaslam Khan
  Mr. Hans Wallebring
  Mr. Jens Lindgren
  Mr. Chan Yew Kai
  Ms. Yap Chooi Poh
  Ms. Tan Ruping
  Ms. Nur Izzati Binti Norman
  Mr. Tsou Ka Chin
  Mr. Bernhardt Marcus
  Mr. Isenschmid Thomas
  Mr. Alexander Fross


  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

  Biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
  Management” of this annual report.




42   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                      Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years, subject to
termination before expiry by either party giving not less than three months’ notice in writing to the other.

Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of
three years, which may be terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.

None of the Directors has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not terminated by the
employer within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

The Company has not entered into any contract with any individual, firm or body corporate to manage or administer the
whole or any substantial part of any business of the Group during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

During or at the end of the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in the sections headed “Related Party Transactions” and
“Connected Transactions” and note 34 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, no transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company or its controlling shareholders or any of their respective
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director is or was materially interested, either
directly or indirectly.


ENTERING INTO MATERIAL CONTRACTS WITH THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

During or at the end of the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in the sections headed “Related Party Transactions” and
“Connected Transactions” and note 34 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, the Group has not
entered into any material contract with its Controlling Shareholders or any of its subsidiaries, nor has it entered into any
material contract for the provision of services by the Controlling Shareholders or any of its subsidiaries to the Group.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force during the Reporting
Period and as at the date of this annual report in accordance with the Articles of Association. The Company has arranged
appropriate liability insurance coverage for the Directors and the senior management, which provides appropriate coverage
for the Directors and the senior management.


CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in the information of the Directors (including the Chief
Executive Officer) are set out below:

Since March 2025, Mr. Hirazawa Jungo, an executive Director, has served as the director of Pharmadule US. Since April
2025, he has served as the director of Pharmadule Sweden and Morimatsu Italy. Since August 2025, he has served as
the director of Morimatsu Thailand. Since September 2025, he has served as the director of Bioengineering AG. Since
November 2025, he has served as the director of MET India.



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   43
  Directors’ Report




  Since April 2025, Mr. Tang Weihua, an executive Director, has served as an expert of the Standardization Technical
  Committee of the Shanghai Producer Services Promotion Association ( 上海生產性服務業促進會 ). Since August 2025, he
  has served as the director of Morimatsu Thailand.

  Since April 2025, Mr. Yu Jianguo, an independent non-executive Director, has ceased to act as a non-executive director of
  Ganfeng Lithium Group Co., Ltd. ( 江西贛鋒鋰業集團股份有限公司 ) (stock code: 1772), whose shares are listed on the
  Stock Exchange.

  Since May 2025, Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly, an independent non-executive Director, has been appointed as a member of
  the Nomination Committee and has ceased to be a member of the Remuneration Committee. Since July 2025, she has
  ceased to act as the chairperson of the Employees’ Compensation Insurance Levies Management Board of Hong Kong.
  Since August 2025, she has ceased to act as a member of the board of the Air Transport Licensing Authority of Hong Kong.

 Since May 2025, Mr. Kanno Shinichiro, an independent non-executive Director, has been appointed as a member of the
 Remuneration Committee and has ceased to be a member of the Nomination Committee. Since June 2025, he has ceased
 to hold the position of supervisor of Toyodenso Co., Ltd. ( 東洋電裝株式會社 , a non-listed company). On 24 December
 2025, due to the passing of Mr. Kanno, he has ceased to act as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the
 Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.

 Since June 2025, Mr. Sheng Ye, an executive Director, has served as the chairman of Ei-Mori Fluid. Since July 2025, he has
 served as the director of Morimatsu Dialog. Since August 2025, he has served as the chairman of Morimatsu Technology
 and Trade. In October 2025, he obtained the senior principal engineer certificate issued by Shanghai Municipal Human
 Resources and Social Security Bureau.

 Since March 23, 2026, Kuraishi Hideaki was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company, a
 member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.

 The Directors (including the Chief Executive Officer) confirmed that during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this
 report, save as disclosed above, there was no change to any of the information required to be disclosed in relation to any
 Director (including the Chief Executive Officer) pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


  INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

  The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/her
  independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive Directors
  to be independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.


  DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

  During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors or their respective associates had
  engaged in or had any interest in any business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Group.




44   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

Our Controlling Shareholders have entered into the Deed of Non-competition, pursuant to which each of our Controlling
Shareholders has, amongst other matters, irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken with the Company (for itself and as
trustee for its subsidiaries) that at any time during the Relevant Period (as defined below), he/it shall, and shall procure that
his/its respective close associates (except any members of the Group) shall:

(1)    not, directly or indirectly, be interested, involved or engaged in or acquire or hold any right or interest (in each case
       whether as a shareholder, partner, agent or otherwise, and whether for profit, reward or otherwise) in any business
       which competes or is likely to compete directly or indirectly with the core business currently engaged or possibly in
       the future to be engaged by the Group in Hong Kong, the PRC and any other country or jurisdiction to which the
       Group provides such services and/or in which any member of the Group carries on business mentioned above from
       time to time (the “Restricted Business”);

(2)    not take any action, directly or indirectly, which constitutes an interference with or a disruption to the business
       activities of the Group including, but not limited to, solicitation of any existing customers, suppliers or employees of
       the Group for employment by them or their close associates (other than members of the Group);

(3)    not, without the prior consent from the Company, make use of any information pertaining to the business of the
       Group which may have come to their knowledge in the capacity as the Controlling Shareholders for any purpose of
       engaging, investing or participating in any Restricted Business;

(4)    if there is any project or new business opportunity that relates to the Restricted Business (the “Business
       Opportunity”) available to any of the Controlling Shareholders or their close associates (other than members of
       the Group):

       1）      notify the Company in writing immediately, followed by the provision of requisite information which is
               reasonable and necessary for the merits on whether or not to engage in such Business Opportunity be
               considered, assessed and/or evaluated;

       2）      who plans to participate or engage in such Business Opportunity, give the Company a first right of refusal to
               participate or engage therein on terms that are fair and reasonable;

       3）      not pursue such Business Opportunity until we have confirmed in writing our rejection to pursue, involve
               or engage in the same because of commercial reasons, any of our decisions on which will have to be
               approved by the independent non-executive Directors (the “Independent Board”) (at the exclusion of
               those with beneficial interests in such Business Opportunity), taking into account, among other issues, (i) the
               prevailing business, legal, regulatory and contractual landscape of the Group, (ii) results of feasibility study,
               (iii) counterparty risks, (iv) contemplated profitability, (v) the financial resources required for such Business
               Opportunity, and (vi) where necessary, any opinion from experts on the commercial viability of the same; and

       4）      on the condition that the Group rejects to pursue such Business Opportunity pursuant to sub-paragraph (4)
               above or if the Independent Board fails to respond within 30 days’ period, that the principal terms on which
               the relevant Controlling Shareholder and/or his/its close associates pursues such Business Opportunity are
               substantially the same as or not more favourable than those disclosed to the Company and that the terms of
               such pursuance, whether directly or indirectly, shall be disclosed to the Company and our Directors as soon
               as practicable;




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   45
  Directors’ Report




  (5)          keep the Board informed of any matter of potential conflicts of interests between each of the Controlling
               Shareholders (including his/its close associates) and the Group, in particular a transaction between any of the
               Controlling Shareholders (including his/its close associates) and the Group; and

  (6)          provide as soon as practicable upon the Company’s request to our Directors (including the independent
               non-executive Directors):

               1）      a written confirmation on an annual basis in respect of compliance by him/it with the terms of the Deed of
                       Non-competition;

               2）      all information necessary for the review and enforcement of the undertakings contained in the Deed of
                       Non-competition by the independent non-executive Directors with regard to such compliance; and

               3）      their respective consent to the inclusion of such confirmation in the Company’s annual report or by way of
                       an announcement, and all such other information as may be reasonably requested by the Company for its
                       review.

     For the above purpose, the “Relevant Period” means the period commencing from the Listing Date and shall expire on the
     earliest of the following dates on which:

     (1)       the Controlling Shareholders and their close associates (individually or taken as a whole) cease to own an aggregate
               of 30% of the then issued share capital of the Company, directly or indirectly, or cease to be the controlling
               shareholders for the purpose of the Listing Rules and do not have power to control the Board;

     (2)       the day the Shares of the Company cease to be listed on the Stock Exchange; and

     (3)       the Company becomes wholly-owned by any of the Controlling Shareholders and/or their respective close
               associates.

     Each of Morimatsu Group, Morimatsu Holdings and Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (the “Covenantors”) has provided a
     confirmation to the Company regarding their compliance with the Deed of Non-Competition during the Reporting Period.
     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed their respective compliance with the Deed of Non-Competition,
     evaluated its effective implementation and were satisfied with the Covenantors’ compliance with the Deed of
     Non-Competition during the Reporting Period.


  REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

  The remuneration of the Directors will be reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Shareholders.
  In determining the remuneration of the Directors, the relevant Director’s experience, duties and responsibilities, time
  commitment, the Company’s performance and the prevailing market conditions will be considered.

  During the Reporting Period, details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group
  are set out in notes 7 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, and details of the number of
  underlying Shares held by the executive Directors and non-executive Directors under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
  are set out in the section headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” of this annual report. The independent non-executive
  Directors did not hold any Shares under any equity incentive scheme. The aggregate number of underlying Shares held by
  the five highest paid individuals of the Group under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was 37,340,000 Shares.

  None of the Directors has waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the Reporting Period.


46         Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSON’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2025, to the knowledge of the Directors and chief executives of the Company, the interests and short
positions of substantial Shareholders and other persons (excluding the Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the
Company or their respective associates) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company required to be notified to the
Company in accordance with Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be kept
under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                                            issued share
    Name of substantial                                                                            Number of             capital as at 31
    shareholders                             Capacity/Nature of interests                       Shareholdings           December 20252


    Morimatsu Holdings                       Beneficial owner                                    750,000,000 (L)1                       60.22
    Morimatsu Group3                         Interest in a controlled corporation                750,000,000 (L)                        60.22
    Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto4                  Interest in a controlled corporation                750,000,000 (L)                        60.22
                                             Beneficial owner                                     16,810,000 (L)                         1.35

Notes:

1        The letter (“ L”) denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

2        The percentage is calculated based on the total number of 1,245,419,000 issued Shares of the Company as at 31 December 2025.

3        Morimatsu Holdings is wholly owned by Morimatsu Group. Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto holds 100% of the voting shares of Morimatsu Group,
         and is therefore deemed to be interested in the shares held by Morimatsu Holdings.

4        Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is also interested in the options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme to subscribe for 16,810,000
         Shares.


To the knowledge of the Directors and chief executives of the Company, as at 31 December 2025, save as disclosed
above, none of any other person (excluding Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company or their respective
associates) had interests and short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company, which were required to
be disclosed to the Company in accordance with Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or to be recorded in the register
required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          47
  Directors’ Report




  DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
  POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

  As at 31 December 2025, the interests or short positions of the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company
  and their associates in the Shares, the underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
  (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange in accordance
  with Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were deemed or taken to
  have under such provisions of the SFO), or the interests or short positions to be entered in the register required to be kept
  under Section 352 of the SFO, or the interests and short positions to be notified separately to the Company and the Stock
  Exchange in accordance with the Model Code were as follows:

  Long position in shares of the Company

                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                        Number        percentage of
                                                                                                      of Shares/        issued share
                                                                                                     underlying      capital as at 31
      Name of directors                      Capacity/Nature of interests                           Shares held     December 20252


      Matsuhisa Terumoto                     Beneficial owner1                                         16,810,000                1.35
      Nishimatsu Koei                        Beneficial owner1                                          5,152,000                0.41
                                             Beneficial owner                                           2,025,000                0.16
      Kawashima Hirotaka                     Beneficial owner1                                          2,767,000                0.22
                                             Beneficial owner                                             300,000                0.02
      Hirazawa Jungo                         Beneficial owner1                                          2,720,000                0.22
      Tang Weihua                            Beneficial owner                                           4,113,322                0.33
      Sheng Ye                               Beneficial owner                                           3,700,040                0.30

  Notes:

  1        Interest in the share options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

  2        The calculation is based on the total number of 1,245,419,000 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2025.


  As at 31 December 2025, save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company
  and their associates had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or
  debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required
  to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
  interests or short positions which they were deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
  required to be recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or otherwise required to be
  notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




48     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a total of over 4,800 employees, among which nearly 500 were research and
development personnel, accounting for more than 10% of the total number of employees. The Group has a comprehensive
remuneration and welfare system and an effective performance appraisal system as required by laws, and determines the
remuneration of employees based on their positions and performance. The Group’s remuneration policies seek to provide
fair market remuneration in form and value to attract, retain and motivate high quality staff. Remuneration packages are set
at comparable and competitive levels with other companies in the industry and the market to compete for a similar talent
pool.

Employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC contribute funds which
are calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the
scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees. The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of
retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual contributions described above. All contributions to the
defined contribution retirement scheme are recognised as an expense in profit or loss when the services are rendered by
the employees and when they fall due under the relevant regulations. For the defined contribution retirement scheme, no
forfeited contributions could be used by employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

The Company has also adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and a RSU Scheme. The
specific details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the RSU Scheme are set out in
the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”, “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” and “RSU Scheme” below.


PRE-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(1)    Purpose

       The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive or reward to Eligible Persons (as defined in
       paragraph (2) below) for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to promote the interests of, the Company and
       for such other purposes as the Board may approve from time to time.

(2)    Grantees

       Directors and employees (whether full-time or part-time) of any member of the Group.

(3)    Scheme Limit

       The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option
       Scheme is 132,380,000 Shares, representing approximately 10.63% of the issued Shares as of the date of this
       report. In any event, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be granted to individual employees under
       the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme shall not exceed the total number of share options granted to them.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   49
  Directors’ Report




  (4)    Grant of the share options

         As at 31 December 2025, a total of 132,380,000 share options (equivalent to 132,380,000 underlying shares) had
         been granted to 27 grantees at a consideration of HKD1 under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, representing
         approximately 10.63% of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at 31 December 2025. As at
         the beginning and end of the Reporting Period, the number of options available for grant under the Pre-IPO Share
         Option Scheme was nil.

  (5)    Subscription price

         The subscription price per Share under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is HKD0.0001. The subscription price shall
         be determined by the Board at its own discretion. In determining the subscription price, the Board takes into account
         factors such as the purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, and the financial position and valuation of the
         Group.

  (6)    Exercise period

         The options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the relevant offer letters shall vest as follows:

         1)      a grantee is entitled to exercise 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after the first
                 anniversary of the Listing Date;

         2)      a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
                 the second anniversary of the Listing Date;

         3)      a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
                 the third anniversary of the Listing Date;

         4)      a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
                 the fourth anniversary of the Listing Date;

         5)      a grantee is entitled to exercise the remaining 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
                 the fifth anniversary of the Listing Date.

  (7)    Term

         The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the Listing Date.

  (8)    Right to cancel options

         The Board may cancel an option granted but not exercised under the consent of the grantee of such option.




50   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




Exercise of share options

The Company adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on 1 July 2020 and granted share options under the Pre-IPO Share
Option Scheme on 1 July 2020. Details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in Appendix V to the Prospectus
and note 30 to the consolidated financial statements. During the Reporting Period, none of share options had been granted
under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, and no share options had been cancelled. During the Reporting Period, details of
the changes in the share options granted and the share options outstanding under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are as
follows:

                                                        Number              Number                                Number       Number
                                                      of Shares            of Shares                             of Shares   of Shares
                                                    outstanding            exercised                                lapsed outstanding
                                  Number of                as at          during the                            during the        as at
                                  underlying          1 January           Reporting             Exercise        Reporting 31 December
    Grantees                         Shares                2025               Period               price            Period        2025
                                                                                                  (HKD)


    Directors
    Matsuhisa Terumoto^            16,810,000          16,810,000                  —                   —               —        16,810,000
    Nishimatsu Koei                11,315,000           7,415,000                  —                   —               —         7,415,000
    Kawashima Hirotaka              3,960,000           3,960,000             401,000              0.0001              —         3,559,000
    Hirazawa Jungo                  3,400,000           3,400,000                  —                   —               —         3,400,000
    Tang Weihua                     7,920,000           4,753,000           3,169,000              0.0001              —         1,584,000
    Sheng Ye                        7,920,000           5,543,309           3,959,309              0.0001              —         1,584,000


    Subtotal                       51,325,000          41,881,309           7,529,309                       —          —        34,352,000


    Employees
    Matsuhisa Hideo*                 4,200,000           4,199,000          3,359,000              0.0001              —           840,000


    Other 20 employees#            76,855,000          49,693,931          19,084,121              0.0001              —        30,609,810


    Total                         132,380,000          95,774,240          29,972,430                       —          —        65,801,810

^    Who is also a substantial shareholder of the Company.

*    Employees who are associates of the directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.

#    Employees who are not the directors of the Company or its subsidiaries or any of his/her associates.


During the Reporting Period, the number of Shares issued by the Company under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was
25,910,000 Shares, representing approximately 2.08% of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2025. For
share options exercised during the Reporting Period, the weighted average closing price on the date immediately prior to
the exercise was approximately HK$6.74.

No further options has been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the period from the Listing Date to
31 December 2025. Accordingly, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of options granted under the Pre-IPO
Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding
treasury shares) is nil.

As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately five (5) years.

                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    51
  Directors’ Report




  POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

  The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. The specific details set out in the
  Appendix V to the Prospectus.

  (1)    Purpose

         The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive or reward to Eligible Persons (as defined
         in paragraph (2) below) for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to promote the interests of, the Company
         and for such other purposes as the Board may approve from time to time.

  (2)    Eligibility of Participants

         The Board may, at its absolute discretion, grant share options to eligible persons (being any Directors or employees
         (whether full time or part time), consultants or professional advisors who in the sole discretion of the Board has
         contributed to and/or will contribute to the Group) (the “Eligible Persons”) to subscribe for such number of
         Shares in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

  (3)    Maximum number of Shares

         1)      The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
                 granted and yet to be exercised under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option
                 schemes of the Company, must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from
                 time to time. No options may be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share
                 option schemes of the Company if this will result in such limit being exceeded.

         2)      Subject to paragraphs (3) 1), 4) and 5), at the time of adoption by the Company of the Post-IPO Share
                 Option Scheme or any new share option scheme (the “New Scheme”), the aggregate number of Shares
                 which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme,
                 the New Scheme and all schemes existing at such time (the “Existing Schemes”) of the Company
                 must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of the Shares in issue as at the Listing Date (the
                 “Scheme Mandate Limit”). As of the date of this annual report, the maximum aggregate number of
                 shares available for issue under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was 100,000,000 Shares, representing
                 8.03% of the issued Shares as of the date of this annual report. As at the beginning and end of the
                 Reporting Period, the number of options available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was
                 100,000,000.

         3)      For the purposes of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit under paragraph (3) 2), Shares which are the
                 subject matter of any options that have already lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant Existing
                 Scheme(s) shall not be counted.




52   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




      4)     The Scheme Mandate Limit may be refreshed by ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting,
             provided that:

             A.     the Scheme Mandate Limit so refreshed shall not exceed 10% of the total number of issued Shares
                    as at the date of Shareholders’ approval of the refreshment of the Scheme Mandate Limit;

             B.     options previously granted under any Existing Schemes (including options outstanding, cancelled, or
                    lapsed in accordance with the relevant scheme rules or exercised options) shall not be counted for the
                    purpose of calculating the refreshed limit; and

             C.     a circular regarding the proposed refreshment of the Scheme Mandate Limit has been dispatched to
                    the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant
                    provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

      5)     The Company may seek separate approval from the Shareholders in the general meeting for granting options
             which will result in the Scheme Mandate Limit being exceeded, provided that:

             A.     the options were granted to Eligible Persons specifically identified by the Company before such
                    approval is sought in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme; and

             B.     a circular in relation to such grant has been dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying
                    with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
                    Rules and other applicable laws and regulations in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share
                    Option Scheme.

(4)   Maximum number of share options granted to any individual

      No option shall be granted to any Eligible Persons (the “Relevant Eligible Person”) if, at the relevant time of
      grant, the number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all share options (granted and proposed to
      be granted, whether exercised, cancelled or outstanding) by the Relevant Eligible Person in the 12-month period
      expiring on the date on which an offer of the grant of an option under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme would
      exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue at such time, unless:

      1)     such grant has been duly approved, in the manner specified by the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the
             Listing Rules, by resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting, at which the Relevant Eligible Person and
             its associates shall abstain from voting;

      2)     a circular regarding the grant has been dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and
             containing the information specified in, the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules; and

      3)     the number and terms (including the subscription price) of such share options are determined before the
             general meeting of the Company at which the same are approved.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   53
  Directors’ Report




  (5)    Price of Shares

         The subscription price for a Share in respect of any particular share option granted under the Post-IPO Share Option
         Scheme (which shall be payable upon exercise of the share option) shall be a price determined by the Board at
         its sole discretion and notified to all Eligible Persons and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the
         Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of offer to grant option, which must be
         a business day; (ii) the average closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet
         for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer to grant option (the “Offer Date”) (provided
         that the new issue price shall be used as the closing price of the Shares for any business day before the listing of
         the Company in case of the offer date is less than five business days upon the listing of the Company); and (iii) the
         nominal value of the Share. A consideration of HKD1.00 is payable on acceptance of the offer of share option.

  (6)    Granting options to related persons

         Any grant of options to Directors, the chief executive officer or Substantial Shareholders of the Company or any of
         their respective associates is required to be approved by the independent non-executive Directors (excluding any
         independent non-executive Director who is a proposed grantee of the share options). If the Company proposes
         to grant share options to a Substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director of the Company or
         their respective associates which will result in the number and value of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise
         of options granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such person in
         the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant: (i) representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the
         Shares in issue at the time of such grant; and (ii) having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the
         Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of each grant, in excess
         of HKD5,000,000, such grant shall not be valid unless: (A) a circular containing the details of the grant has been
         dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant
         provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules (including in particular, a recommendation from the independent
         non-executive Directors (excluding the independent non-executive Director who is the prospective grantee) to the
         independent Shareholders as to voting); and (B) such grant has been approved by the Shareholders in general
         meeting (taken on a poll) at which all connected persons shall abstain from voting.

  (7)    Restrictions on the time of grant of options

         A grant of options may not be made after a price sensitive event has occurred or a price sensitive matter has been
         the subject of a decision until such price sensitive information has been announced pursuant to the requirements
         of the Listing Rules. In particular, no options may be offered to be granted during the period commencing one
         month immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the date of the Board meeting (as such date is first notified by the
         Company to the Stock Exchange in accordance with the Listing Rules) for the approval of the Company’s results for
         any year, half-year, quarterly or any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules); and (ii)
         the deadline for the Company to publish an announcement of its results for any year or half year, or quarterly or
         any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules) under the Listing Rules and ending on the
         date of actual publication of the results announcement. The period which no option may be granted will cover any
         period of delay in the publication of results announcement.




54   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




(8)    Time of exercise of option

       Subject to the provisions of the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations, the Board may in its absolute
       discretion when offering the grant of an option impose any conditions, restrictions or limitations in relation thereto
       in addition to those set forth in the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme as the Board may think fit (to be stated in the
       offer letter) including (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) qualifying and/or continuing eligibility
       criteria, conditions, restrictions or limitations relating to the achievement of performance, operating or financial
       targets by the Company and/or the grantee, the satisfactory performance or maintenance by the grantee of certain
       conditions or obligations or the time or period before the right to exercise the option in respect of all Shares shall
       vest provided that such terms or conditions shall not be inconsistent with any other terms or conditions of the
       Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may
       determine as aforesaid (including such terms and conditions in relation to their vesting, exercise or otherwise) there
       is no minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised and no performance target which
       need to be achieved by the grantee before the option can be exercised.

       The date of grant of any particular option shall be the date on which the offer of such option is duly accepted by
       the grantee in accordance with the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. An option may be exercised in whole or in part
       in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the terms of the offer by the grantee (or his
       personal representative(s)) giving notice in writing to the Company prior to the expiry of the option stating that the
       option is to be exercised and the number of Shares in respect of which it is exercised provided that it is exercised in
       respect of a board lot for dealing in Shares on the Stock Exchange or an integral multiple thereof. Such notice shall
       be accompanied by a remittance for the full amount of the subscription price for the Shares in respect of which the
       notice is given. The period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute
       discretion, save that no option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted. No option may be
       granted more than 10 years after the date of approval of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. Subject to earlier
       termination by the Company in a general meeting, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for
       a period of 10 years from the date of adoption of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme by Shareholders by resolution
       at a general meeting.

(9)    Performance target

       The Board may from time to time require a particular grantee to achieve certain performance targets specified at
       the time of grant before any option granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme can be exercised. There are
       no specific performance targets stipulated under the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Board
       is currently unable to determine such restriction on the exercise of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share
       Option Scheme.

During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2025, no option has been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed
under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and no option was outstanding under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.
Accordingly, the weighted average closing price immediately proceeding the exercise date was HK$0, and the number of
shares that may be issued in respect of options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (excluding treasury shares)
during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue is nil.

As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately five (5) years.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   55
  Directors’ Report




  RSU SCHEME

  The Company adopted the RSU Scheme on 15 December 2021 and granted restricted share units (“RSUs”) under the RSU
  Scheme on 5 January 2022. The following is a summary of the principal terms of the RSU Scheme. The specific details are
  set out in the Company’s announcements dated 15 December 2021 and 5 January 2022.

  (1)    Purposes

         The RSU Scheme aims to attract and retain the best available talents, motivate employees, and promote the success
         of the Company’s business.

  (2)    Participants

         Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the RSU Scheme are existing employees (whether full time or part time) of the
         Company or any member of the Group. An employee who has been granted an award may, if otherwise eligible,
         be granted additional awards.

  (3)    Administration of the Scheme

         The Company has appointed Futu Trustee Limited as the trustee of the RSU Scheme to assist in the administration
         and vesting of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme.

  (4)    Duration and termination

         Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Scheme shall
         be valid and effective for a period of five (5) years commencing from the Adoption Date. Upon termination of the
         RSU Scheme, no further RSUs shall be granted under the RSU Scheme.

  (5)    Scheme Limit

         The Shares to be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme shall be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired ordinary
         Shares. The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme is
         30,000,000, representing approximately 2.41% of the issued Shares as of the date of this annual report. In any
         event, 1) the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme shall not
         exceed 10% of the issued shares of the Company (as changed from time to time); and 2) the maximum aggregate
         number of Shares which may be awarded to an individual Employee under the RSU Scheme shall not exceed 1% of
         the issued shares of the Company (as changed from time to time).

  (6)    Grant of the RSUs

         As of 31 December 2025, a total of 29,459,700 RSUs (equivalent to 29,459,700 underlying Shares) have been
         granted to 149 Grantees at nil consideration under the RSU Scheme, representing approximately 2.37% of the
         issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2025. The number of RSUs available for grant under the RSU
         Scheme as of the beginning and end of the Reporting Period is 540,300.




56   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




(7)   Purchase price

      The purchase price for a RSU is HK$4.17. The purchase price for exercising a RSU shall be determined by the Board
      at its own discretion. In determining the purchase price, the Board takes into account considerations such as the
      prevailing closing price of the Shares prior to the date of grant of RSUs, the purpose of the RSU Scheme, and the
      financial condition and valuation of the Group.

(8)   Vesting schedule

      The vesting schedule of the 29,459,700 RSUs granted to the Grantees shall be as follows:

      1)     in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2023;

      2)     in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2024;

      3)     in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2025.

(9)   Performance targets

      The vesting of each tranche of the RSUs as described above is subject to achievement of certain performance
      targets:

      1)     Group level performance:

             The Company will assess the revenue and profit of the Group for the relevant year.

      2)     Individual level performance:

             The Group has in place a standardised performance appraisal system for its employees to comprehensively
             evaluate their performance and contribution to the Group. The Company will determine whether the
             Grantees meet the individual performance target based on their performance appraisal results for the
             relevant year. In case of partial achievement and satisfaction of the performance targets, the applicable RSUs
             may be vested in proportion to the performance targets actually achieved for the relevant year.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   57
  Directors’ Report




  Change in the RSUs

  The Company adopted the RSU Scheme on 15 December 2021 and granted RSUs under the RSU Scheme on 5 January
  2022. The specific details of the RSU Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 15 December 2021 and
  5 January 2022 and note 30 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. During the Reporting Period,
  no restricted share units were granted under the RSU Scheme, and no restricted share units were canceled. During the
  Reporting Period, details of the changes in the RSUs granted and the RSUs outstanding under the RSU Scheme are as
  follows:

                                                    Number of         Number of                  Number of    Number of
                                  Number of          restricted         restricted                 restricted  restricted
                                   restricted       share units       share units                share units  share units
                                  share units      outstanding             vested                     lapsed outstanding
                                  granted on              as at        during the                 during the        as at
                                   5 January         1 January         Reporting     Purchase     Reporting 31 December
     Grantees                           2022              2025             Period        Price        Period        2025
                                                                                        (HKD)


     149 employees                 29,459,700             9,269,100     9,269,100         4.17            0                0


 The closing price in relation to the RSUs before the date of grant was HK$8.51. For the restricted share units vested
 during the Reporting Period, the weighted average closing price immediately before the dates of vesting was HK$4.54.
 As of 31 December 2025, the number of Shares issued by the Company under the RSU Scheme was 27,945,000 Shares,
 representing approximately 2.24% of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2025.

 No further restricted share units have been granted under the RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period. Accordingly,
 the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of restricted share units granted under the RSU Scheme during the
 Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) is nil.

 As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the RSU Scheme is approximately one (1) years.


 EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

 Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”, “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” and “RSU
 Scheme” above, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company, or existed during the Reporting Period.


 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

 Details of related transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial
 statements in this annual report.

 Save as the lease payments set out below, which constitute a connected transaction, and the other connected transactions
 exempted from the reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of
 the Listing Rules, none of these related transactions constituted a connected transaction as defined under the Listing Rules
 during the Reporting Period.




58     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

Lease of Shanghai manufacturing base from Morimatsu Chemical

Morimatsu Chemical is a subsidiary of Morimatsu Seiki, which in turn is a subsidiary of the Controlling Shareholder,
Morimatsu Holdings. Accordingly, Morimatsu Chemical is a connected person of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules and the transactions with Morimatsu Chemical constitute continuing connected transactions of the
Company.

The Group leased the Shanghai manufacturing base, situated at No. 29 Jinwen Road, Zhuqiao Town, Pudong New District,
Shanghai, the PRC from Morimatsu Chemical for production and operation. The Company (for itself and on behalf of its
subsidiaries) and Morimatsu Chemical entered into a property leasing framework agreement (the “Property Leasing
Framework Agreement”) on 10 November 2023. For further details of the Property Leasing Framework Agreement,
please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 10 November 2023 and 29 December 2023.

Pursuant to the Property Leasing Framework Agreement, relevant subsidiaries of the Group shall enter into individual
property lease agreement(s) with Morimatsu Chemical, which prescribe specific terms and conditions, including rental
amount, payment method and other relevant terms which shall reflect and be subject to the binding principles, guidelines,
and terms and conditions in the Property Leasing Framework Agreement.

The Property Leasing Framework Agreement has a term of 3 years commencing from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026
(the “Target Term”), including a fixed term of twelve (12) months immediately after 1 January 2024 (the “First Year”).
If the Group intends to continue the leasing arrangements for the subsequent period of the Target Term after the First Year,
it will re-negotiate the rents with Morimatsu Chemical within thirty (30) days before the end of the First Year, and enter into
new individual property lease agreement(s), which shall be in conformity with the terms and conditions under the Property
Leasing Framework Agreement and the annual caps thereunder. Upon expiry of the Target Term, the Property Leasing
Framework Agreement may, subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules, be renewed for further period of three years
by mutual agreement.

As the property under the Property Leasing Framework Agreement was returned by Morimatsu Chemical to the Chinese
government for demolition in May 2025, the Property Leasing Framework Agreement has ceased to exist.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   59
  Directors’ Report




  The annual cap of such continuing connected transactions for 2025 was RMB63,000,000. The actual rent (water, electricity,
  gas and tax inclusive) for 2025 was approximately RMB1,377,000. Set forth below is the actual transaction amounts during
  the Reporting Period:

                                      Lease
                                      commencement
     Lessee                           date                   Lease term               Leased area               Annual rent
                                                                                                               (RMB/water,
                                                                                                        electricity, gas and
                                                                                            (sq.m.)           tax inclusive)


     Morimatsu China          1 January 2025                 4 months                        828.32                476,714.72
     Morimatsu Heavy Industry 1 January 2025                 4 months                     31,774.76              8,021,032.84
      Office buildings                                                                     6,133.51
      Production workshops                                                                25,641.25
     Morimatsu Pharmaceutical 1 January 2025                 4 months                     24,148.11              5,269,997.82
      Office buildings                                                                     5,110.15
      Production workshops                                                                19,037.96


     Subtotal                                                                             56,751.19             13,767,745.38


  The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed that the
  transactions have been entered into:

  (1)       in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

  (2)       on normal commercial terms or better; and

  (3)       in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable and
            in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

  The auditors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and have issued a letter to the
  Board of the Company confirming that, with respect to the above continuing connected transactions:

  (1)       nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions have not been
            approved by the Board;

  (2)       nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not entered
            into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

  (3)       nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions have exceeded
            the annual caps.




60      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




Partially-exempt One-off Connected Transaction

Lease of Shanghai office premises from Morimatsu Chemical

Morimatsu Chemical is a subsidiary of Morimatsu Seiki, which in turn is a subsidiary of the Controlling Shareholder,
Morimatsu Holdings. Accordingly, Morimatsu Chemical is a connected person of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules and the transactions with Morimatsu Chemical constitute connected transactions of the Company.

Morimatsu Heavy Industry, a subsidiary of the Company, leased the Shanghai office premises, situated at Building
3, No. 1260 Qianhui Road, Zhuqiao Town, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, PRC from Morimatsu Chemical for office
premises. Morimatsu Heavy Industry and Morimatsu Chemical entered into a property lease agreement (the “Property
Lease Agreement”) on 12 December 2025. For further details of the Property Lease Agreement, please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated 12 December 2025.

The term of the Property Lease Agreement lasts from 1 January 2026 to 30 November 2027 (the “Lease Term”). If
Morimatsu Heavy Industry intends to continue the leasing arrangements for the subsequent period of the Lease Term,
it shall notify Morimatsu Chemical in writing at least one month prior to the expiration of the aforementioned Lease
Term, and re-negotiate with Morimatsu Chemical to enter into a supplement or a new lease agreement, subject to the
requirements of the Listing Rules.

Pursuant to the Property Lease Agreement, Morimatsu Heavy Industry shall pay a total monthly rent of RMB870,197.72
(including water, electricity, property management fees, etc.), which is determined after arm’s length negotiations between
parties after taking into consideration the prevailing market rental for comparable premises in a similar location.

During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed above, the Company had no connected transactions which are required to
be disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales to its top five largest customers accounted for approximately 36.0% of the
Group’s total revenue, of which sales to the largest customer accounted for approximately 14.3% of the Group’s total
sales.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s purchases from its top five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 12.4%
of the Group’s total purchases, of which purchases from the largest supplier accounted for approximately 4.4% of the
Group’s total purchases.

None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (who, to the knowledge of the Board, own more
than 5% of the number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company) had any interest in the Group’s five
largest customers and suppliers during the Reporting Period.


RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group recognises that risk management is one of the important elements for maintaining an efficient, safe and
stable business operation. The Group’s management is responsible for assisting the Board in evaluating the Group’s daily
operations and activities, which are exposed to material risks (including operational risks, financial risks, market risks, etc.)
within and outside the organization. The Group has also established appropriate risk management and internal control
systems and institutions in daily operation and management activities.



                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   61
  Directors’ Report




  Risks related to global political policy and international trade

  The Group is dedicated to expanding its global business, which is subject to the influence of changes in global and regional
  macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical landscapes, social contexts, and regulatory environments. Political conditions in
  various countries exhibit ongoing uncertainties, and the international trade system is subject to fluctuations. The Group’s
  operating costs and potential liabilities may be affected by policy decisions and strict regulations across different regions
  around the world. The Group will continue to monitor the external environment, track and oversee changes in the political
  landscape, and adjust its strategies promptly to respond to dynamic changes at regional and national levels.

  Market risk

  The Group’s market risk mainly arises from the cyclical development of downstream markets and industries, such as
  conventional energy products and conventional chemical products. However, the Group is committed to the diversification
  of market development and customer base. The extensive downstream markets and large customer base enable the Group
  to make full use of the investment cycle of different industries and customers, embed the existing production capacity into
  the investment cycle of different fields, and maintain the stable and healthy growth of business.

  Interest rate risk

  The Group’s interest rate risk primarily consists of the fair value interest rate risk associated with bank loans with fixed
  interest rates and lease liabilities, as well as the cash flow interest rate risk related to bank loans with floating interest rates.
  The Group closely monitors the potential impact of interest rate fluctuations, regularly reviews and supervises the portfolio
  of instruments with fixed and floating interest rates, and makes timely adjustments based on the latest market conditions
  to mitigate interest rate risk.

  Foreign exchange risk

  The Group’s revenue is mainly denominated in Renminbi, USD and Euro, and most of the raw materials and capital
  expenditure are denominated in Renminbi. The Group’s foreign exchange risk mainly arises from the foreign currency
  deposits held and trade receivables denominated in foreign currencies, which would have an impact on the Group’s
  operating profit if foreign exchange rates fluctuate. The Group monitors and reduces the net amount of foreign exchange
  and establishes a series of forward foreign exchange contracts to control foreign exchange risk, and also promotes the
  signing of overseas RMB settlement sales orders with customers to reduce foreign exchange risk exposure.

  Credit risk

  The Group has established comprehensive credit control policies. It assesses the credit quality of customers and sets
  corresponding credit terms based on their financial condition, credit history, and other factors, such as current market
  conditions. The Group performs periodic credit checks on customers, demands for payment for overdue trade receivables,
  and regularly reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for
  expected credit losses is made.

  As the Group’s bank deposits and wealth management products are primarily held with financial institutions of good
  reputation and high credit ratings, the management considers the associated credit risk to be low.




62    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




Trade risks in sanctioned countries/regions

Some of the Group’s products were mainly sold and/or delivered on FOB or shipper basis to certain countries/regions
subject to International Sanctions, namely, Greece, Turkey, Egypt, Iraq and Russia. During the Reporting Period, the
Group’s revenue from products sold and/or delivered to countries/regions subject to International Sanctions amounted to
approximately RMB1 million (2024: approximately RMB181 million), representing approximately 0.02% of the Group’s
total revenue (2024: approximately 2.61%).

The Group did not use the net proceeds from the Global Offering, as well as any other funds raised through the Stock
Exchange and would not enter into any transaction, whether directly or indirectly, to finance or facilitate any activities or
business with, or for the benefit of, any sanctioned countries/regions or any other governments, individuals or entities
sanctioned by the USA, EU, Australia or the United Nations or any activities or business that violated the sanctions imposed
by the United States, the European Union, Australia or the United Nations. The Group had not been notified of any
International Sanctions that would be imposed on the Group for sales and/or deliveries to the countries/regions subject to
International Sanctions for the year ended 31 December 2025, and the Group is not aware of any International Sanctions
that would arise if the Group were to sell and/or deliver products to countries/regions subject to International Sanctions.
Although the Directors do not expect any material increase in the sales or delivery of the Group’s products to these
countries/regions, the Group expects to continue to sell and/or deliver its products to those countries/regions subject to
International Sanctions.

To monitor its sanctions risks, (1) our Board has established a sanctions oversight committee to manage our exposure to
sanctions risks and overseen the implementation of our internal control policies; (2) the Group has opened and maintained
separate bank account which is designated for proceeds from the Global Offering, as well as any other funds raised
through the Stock Exchange to ensure that we will not breach our undertakings to the Stock Exchange as disclosed in
the Prospectus; and (3) the Group has engaged external legal advisers with relevant expertise and experience in sanctions
matters to evaluate the sanctions risk where necessary and has formulated risk management measures and action plans
taking into account the advice and recommendations provided by such external legal advisers. On this basis, our Directors
are of the view that the Group has an adequate and effective internal control framework to continue to support the
Group in identifying and monitoring any material risk relating to International Sanctions laws to protect the interests of the
Company and our Shareholders.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

During the Reporting Period, the results of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income of this annual report.

No shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend during the Reporting Period.

The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of HKD0.2 per Share for the year ended 31 December 2025. Subject
to (i) the approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 25 June 2026,
and (ii) the fact that the Directors are satisfied that there are no reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is, or
will be immediately following the final dividend is paid, unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of
business, the abovementioned final dividend will be paid on Monday, 27 July 2026, to those Shareholders whose names
appeared on the Register of Members on Tuesday, 14 July 2026.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   63
  Directors’ Report




  AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

  The AGM of the Company will be held on Thursday, 25 June 2026. A notice convening the AGM is expected to be
  published and dispatched to the Shareholders in due course in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

  For determining the entitlement of the Shareholders to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of the
  Company will be closed from Monday, 22 June 2026 to Thursday, 25 June 2026, both days inclusive, during which period
  no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date shall be Thursday, 25 June 2026 and in order to be eligible to
  attend and vote at the AGM, unregistered holders of Shares shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by
  the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services
  Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on
  Thursday, 18 June 2026.

  For determining the Shareholder’s entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the register of members of the Company
  will be closed from Monday, 13 July 2026 to Tuesday, 14 July 2026, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer
  of Shares will be registered. The record date shall be Tuesday, 14 July 2026 and in order to be eligible to the proposed
  final dividend, all completed transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
  Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
  Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 10 July 2026.


  SHARE CAPITAL

  During the Reporting Period, details of movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 31 to the
  consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


  REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

  During the Reporting Period, the Group did not repurchase, sell or redeem of any listed securities of the Company (including
  treasury Shares).


  RESERVE

  During the Reporting Period, details of movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement
  of changes in equity and note 31 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

  As at 31 December 2025, details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders are set out in note
  31 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.


  PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

  There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company or the relevant laws of
  Hong Kong where the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata
  basis to existing Shareholders.


  SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

  Based on the publicly available information and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained a public
  float of not less than 25% of the total issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares) since the listing date and up to the date of
  this annual report.

64   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

During the Reporting Period, details of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group are set out in note 24 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

During the Reporting Period, details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note
10 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DONATION

During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations amounting to approximately RMB1,842,000.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s listed securities during the Reporting Period.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

During the Reporting Period, a report on the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out
in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” of this annual report.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

During the Reporting Period, information on the Company’s environmental policies and performance is set out in the
section headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” of this annual report.

During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the applicable environmental laws and regulations in the places
where it operates in all material respects. The Group will review its environmental practices from time to time and will
consider implementing further environmental-friendly initiatives and practices in the operation of the Group’s business to
enhance sustainability.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact
on the Group in all material respects.


MATERIAL LITIGATIONS AND ARBITRATION MATTERS

During the Reporting Period, the Group had no material litigation and arbitration matters.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      65
  Directors’ Report




  AUDITOR

  The Company appointed KPMG as the auditor of the Company for the Reporting Period. A resolution for the re-
  appointment of KPMG as the auditor of the Company will be proposed for Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming
  AGM. The Company has not changed the auditor in any of the three preceding years.

  On behalf of the Board




  Nishimatsu Koei
  Chief executive officer and executive Director

  Hong Kong, 23 March 2026




66   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Corporate Governance Report


The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report of the Company for the Reporting Period.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that good corporate
governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of Shareholders,
enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and accountability.

The Company has adopted the governance principles and code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

During the Reporting Period, the Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set
out in the CG Code with the exception of certain deviations as further explained below. The Board will review the corporate
governance structure and practices from time to time and shall make necessary arrangements when the Board considers
appropriate.

As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2025, the passing away of Mr. Kanno Shinichiro,
an independent non-executive Director, on 24 December 2025 has resulted in the Company’s non-compliance with the
requirements of the Listing Rules, namely (i) the minimum number of independent non-executive Directors as required
under Rule 3.10(1) of the Listing Rules; (ii) the number of independent non-executive Directors representing at least
one-third of the Board as required under Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules; (iii) the minimum number of members and
the composition requirements in the Audit Committee as required under Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the terms of
reference of the Audit Committee; and (iv) the composition requirements in the Remuneration Committee as required
under Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee.

Following the appointment of Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki as an independent non-executive Director, a member of the Audit
Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee on 23 March 2026, the Company has re-complied with the
aforementioned requirements of the Listing Rules.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Board has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors. During the
Reporting Period, having made specific enquiry to all Directors, they have confirmed that they have complied with the
required standard set out in the Model Code.

The Company has also established a code of conduct for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in
possession of inside information of the Company (the “Employees Code”) on terms no less exacting than the Model
Code. During the Reporting Period, no incident of non-compliance of the Employees Code by employees was noted by the
Company.

THE BOARD

The Board of the Company currently comprises the following Directors:

Executive Directors

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (Chief Executive Officer) (Appointed on 26 June 2025)
Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (Chief Financial Officer) (Appointed on 11 February 2024)
Mr. Tang Weihua (Appointed on 26 June 2025)
Mr. Sheng Ye (Appointed on 26 June 2025)
Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka (Appointed on 11 February 2024)


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   67
  Corporate Governance Report




  Non-executive Director

  Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman) (Appointed on 28 June 2024)

  Independent Non-executive Directors

  Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly (Appointed on 28 June 2024)
  Mr. Kanno Shinichiro (Ceased on 24 December 2025)
  Mr. Yu Jianguo (Appointed on 28 June 2024)
  Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (Appointed on 23 March 2026)

  The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
  annual report.

  The Directors have no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with each other.


  BOARD MEETINGS AND DIRECTORS’ ATTENDANCE RECORDS

  Board meetings will be held regularly at least four times a year. The chairman of the Board should hold meetings with the
  independent non-executive Directors at least once a year without the presence of other Directors. Board members will be
  notified of the meeting and provided with all agenda and adequate information for review within a reasonable time prior
  to the meeting.

  Minutes of the Board and Board committees are kept by joint company secretaries and are available for inspection by the
  Directors at any reasonable time. Minutes of Board meetings and meetings of Board committees have contained sufficient
  records in details of the matters considered and decisions made at the meetings, including any concerns raised by Directors
  or opposing views expressed. Upon the conclusion of the Board meeting and meeting of Board committees, the draft and
  final version of the meeting minutes will be sent to the Directors within a reasonable period of time, with the draft for the
  Directors’ comments and the final version for their records.

  If a substantial Shareholder or a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the
  Board has determined to be material, the matter shall be dealt with by convening a Board meeting rather than a written
  resolution. Independent non-executive Directors who, and whose close associates, have no material interest in the
  transaction should be present at that Board meeting.

  The Company shall provide the Board with sufficient resources to perform its duties. All Directors have full access to the
  Group’s information and the advice and assistance of the company secretary, are free to propose adding appropriate
  matters to the agenda of Board meetings, and have the right to seek independent professional advice when deemed
  necessary to discharge their duties at the Company’s expense.

  All Directors are provided with equal opportunity and channel to communicate with the Board and express their opinion
  and with individual and independent access to the management of the Group to make informed decision.




68   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, the Board held five regular meetings in total, with active participation of all Directors either
in person or through electronic means of communication. During the Reporting Period, the chairman of the Board held
one meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors. On 26 June 2025, the
Company held the AGM. During the Reporting Period, the attendance record of the Directors is as follows:

                                                       Number of attendances and attendance rate
                                                       Meetings     Meetings of     Meetings of
                                       Board            of Audit Remuneration       Nomination
 Name of Director                    Meetings         Committee      Committee       Committee                       AGM


 Mr. Nishimatsu Koei                        5/5                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Hirazawa Jungo                         5/5                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Tang Weihua                            5/5                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Sheng Ye                               5/5                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka                     5/5                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                     5/5                3/3                1/1                2/2                1/1
 Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                    5/5                3/3                1/1                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                       5/5                3/3                N/A                2/2                1/1
 Mr. Yu Jianguo                             5/5                N/A                1/1                2/2                1/1
 Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki
  (Appointed on 23 March
  2026)                                    N/A                 N/A                N/A               N/A                N/A

During the Reporting Period, apart from the Board meetings, consents and/or approvals from the Board were obtained by
the Company by way of written resolutions on a number of matters/transactions.


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITY AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND THE
MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for managing and overseeing the management of the business and affairs of the Group, defining
the Group’s purpose, values and strategies and ensuring alignment with the Group’s culture. The Directors are responsible
for making decisions objectively in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. All Directors act with integrity, make
himself/herself as an example, and strive to promote the corporate culture of the Group.

The Board is responsible for making decisions on all major aspects of the Group’s affairs, including the approval and
monitoring of major policy matters, overall strategies, business plans and annual budgets, internal control and risk
management systems, material transactions, major capital expenditure, appointment of Directors and other significant
financial and operational matters.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, practice the concept of acting
in accordance with the law, ethics and responsibility, and have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective operation. The Directors shall disclose to the
Company details of other offices held by them in a timely manner. The Board regularly reviews the contribution required
from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time
performing them.

The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for overseeing the Group’s corporate actions and operations and
exercising effective independent judgment on corporate actions and operations for maintaining a balance within the Board.



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     69
  Corporate Governance Report




  All Directors will have full and timely access to all information of the Company and, where appropriate, require to seek
  independent professional advice to discharge their duties to the Company at the Company’s expense.

  The Board may delegate its management and administrative functions to the management. The Board has delegated
  authority for the day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the management, which comprises executive
  Directors and the management team. The management is primarily responsible for implementing the strategies and
  business plans developed by the Board, and managing the Group’s business operations in accordance with the Board’s
  policies and directives. The delegated functions are reviewed by the Board periodically to ensure that they remain
  appropriate.

  The section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report provides a review of the business of the
  Group during the Reporting Period and a discussion on the Group’s future business development, which forms part of this
  Corporate Governance Report.


  CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

  The roles of the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer are separate and performed by different individuals.
  Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is the chairman of the Board and Mr. Nishimatsu Koei is the chief executive officer. Their respective
  duties are clearly defined and outlined in writing.

  The chairman of the Board is responsible for guiding and directing the work of the Board, overseeing the overall strategic
  planning of the Group and ensuring that the Board acts in a manner consistent with the best interests of the Group. The
  chairman of the Board has delegated to the Company Secretary the responsibility for ensuring that Board meetings are
  effectively planned and conducted, including setting the agenda for each Board meeting, with due consideration given
  to matters proposed for inclusion in the agenda by Directors and the Company Secretary. With the assistance of other
  executive Directors and the Company Secretary, the chairman will ensure that all Directors are properly briefed on matters
  to be discussed at Board meetings and are provided with sufficient and accurate information in a timely manner.

  The chairman of the Board promotes an open culture and actively encourages Directors to express their views and
  participate fully in Board affairs, thereby contributing to the effective operation of the Board. Under the leadership of
  the chairman of the Board, the Board has adopted sound corporate governance practices and procedures, and has
  implemented appropriate measures to facilitate effective communication and ongoing engagement with Shareholders and
  other stakeholders, as outlined in the section headed “Investor Relations and Shareholders’ Engagement” below in this
  report.

  The chief executive officer is responsible for overseeing the daily management and operations of the Group, while
  maintaining ongoing communication with all Directors to ensure they are fully informed of all significant business
  developments and matters.


  JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

  The Company Secretary reports to the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer. All Directors have access to
  the Company Secretary’s advice and services to ensure compliance with Board procedures and all applicable laws, rules, and
  regulations. The selection, appointment, or dismissal of the Company Secretary is subject to Board approval.

  Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap and Ms. Lau Wai Yee are the joint company secretaries of the Company. Biographical details of
  the joint company secretaries are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.




70   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




Mr. Lee is a full-time employee of the Group and is familiar with the daily operations of the Group. Ms. Lau is a director
of Immanuel Consulting Limited, a licensed trust and corporate services provider specialising in integrated business and
corporate services. The primary contact person of Ms. Lau in the Company is Mr. Lu Weifeng, the person in charge of the
securities office of the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the joint company secretaries attended sufficient professional training as required under Rule
3.29 of the Listing Rules to update their skills and knowledge.


DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S INSURANCE

The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance coverage for the Directors and the senior management of
the Company, which provides appropriate coverage against legal proceedings to which the Directors and the senior
management may be exposed.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the Directors is engaged on a director’s service agreement for a specific term of three years and is renewable by
mutual agreement, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association. As at 31 December 2025, the non-executive
Directors have served more than four years.

Pursuant to the Articles of Association, subject to the provisions in relation to rotation and retirement of directors under the
Listing Rules, each Director shall retire by rotation every three years at the AGM. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, at
each AGM, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, the number
nearest to but not less than one-third) or such higher number of Directors as may be determined by the Board, or a number
determined by such other manner of rotation as may be required by the Listing Rules or other codes, rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the applicable regulatory authority from time to time shall retire from office. All the retiring
Directors shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto, Mr. Hirazawa Jungo and Mr. Kawashima
Hirotaka will retire by rotation at the 2026 AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election as Directors at the
AGM.

In addition, pursuant to the Articles of Association, any person appointed as a Director by the Board shall hold office only
until the first annual general meeting after his appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.
Accordingly, the term of office of Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki, being an independent non-executive Director so appointed on 23
March 2026 shall expire at the 2026 AGM and he shall be eligible for re-election at the 2026 AGM.

Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki, an independent non-executive Director appointed on 23 March 2026, obtained the legal opinion
referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 23 March 2026, and has confirmed his understanding of his responsibilities
as a director of a listed issuer.


COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee, for overseeing specific aspects of the Company’s affairs.

All Board committees of the Company are established with defined written terms of reference and comply with the
requirements of the Listing Rules. The terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website
and the Stock Exchange’s website and are available to Shareholders upon request.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   71
  Corporate Governance Report




  AUDIT COMMITTEE

  The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to make recommendations to our Board on the appointment and dismissal
  of the external auditor, monitor and review the financial statements and information, oversee the financial reporting
  system, risk management and internal control systems and perform the corporate governance functions.

  The Audit Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly and Mr.
  Kuraishi Hideaki (Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki was appointed on 23 March 2026, succeeding Mr. Kanno Shinichiro, who passed
  away and ceased to be a member on 24 December 2025), and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Matsuhisa
  Terumoto. Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

  The Audit Committee held three meetings during the Reporting Period to review the 2024 annual results announcement
  and report and 2025 interim results announcement and report of the Company, and to review significant issues on the
  financial reporting, operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
  systems and internal audit function, appointment of external auditors and relevant scope of works.

  The attendance records of the members of the Audit Committee are as follows:

                                                                                           Number of attendances
     Name of members of the Audit Committee                                                  and attendance rate


     Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                        3/3
     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                                                                                       3/3
     Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                                                                                          3/3
     Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (Appointed on 23 March 2026)                                                             N/A

  REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

  The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendation to our Board on the overall remuneration
  policy and structure for all Directors and the senior management of the Group, review the remuneration packages and
  ensure that none of our Directors determine their own remuneration, and review and/or approve the incentive schemes.

  Before 29 May 2025 (inclusive), the Remuneration Committee comprised two independent non-executive Directors, namely
  Mr. Yu Jianguo and Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Mr. Yu
  Jianguo is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee. After 29 May 2025, the Remuneration Committee comprises
  two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Yu Jianguo and Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki was
  appointed on 23 March 2026, succeeding Mr. Kanno Shinichiro, who passed away and ceased to be a member on 24
  December 2025) and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Mr. Yu Jianguo is the chairman of the
  Remuneration Committee.

  The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period to review the Company’s remuneration policy
  and structure, the remuneration package of all Directors and senior management, and make recommendations to the
  Board.




72     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




The attendance records of the members of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:

                                                                                              Number of attendances
 Name of members of the Remuneration Committee                                                  and attendance rate


 Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                                 1/1
 Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                                                                                                1/1
 Mr. Yu Jianguo                                                                                                         1/1
 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                                                                                                   N/A
 Mr. Kuraishi Hideaki (Appointed on 23 March 2026)                                                                      N/A

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors and Senior Management

The Group’s remuneration policy aims to provide a fair market level of remuneration to attract, retain and motivate
high-quality executive Directors, senior management and employees, while aligning the rewards with Shareholders’
interests at the same time.

The principles of the remuneration policy are as follows:

(1)    Remuneration packages and structures shall reflect a fair reward system for all participants with an emphasis on
       performance, comprising the following components:

         Components                                         Determining Factors


         Fixed compensation
         Base salary and allowances                         Market benchmarks relevant to role and job scope
                                                            Company performance
                                                            Individual performance and contribution, measured against
                                                              annual financial and operational targets (turnover, expense
                                                              ratio, earnings per share, achievement of key strategic
                                                              initiatives, etc.)

         Variable compensation
         Performance bonus                                  Company performance
                                                            Individual performance and contribution, measured against
                                                              annual financial and operational targets (turnover, expense
                                                              ratio, earnings per share, achievement of key strategic
                                                              initiatives, etc.)
         Share options                                      Company performance

(2)    Remuneration packages shall be set at levels that ensure comparability and competitiveness with similar companies.
       Independent professional advice is to be sought where appropriate.

(3)    Remuneration and employment conditions of other employees in the Group shall be taken into account.

(4)    The remuneration policy for executive Directors and senior management shall be reviewed regularly.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025    73
  Corporate Governance Report




  Remuneration Policy for Non-executive Directors

  Key elements for determining the remuneration policy for non-executive Directors include the following:

  (1)       Remuneration shall be set at an appropriate level to attract and retain first-class talents for non-executive Directors.

  (2)       Remuneration shall be set at a level proportional to their commitment and contribution to the Company.

  (3)       Remuneration practices for non-executive Directors shall be consistent with recognized best practice standards.

  (4)       Remuneration shall be paid on an annual basis.

  (5)       No equity interest remuneration with any performance-related element shall be given to independent non-executive
            Directors.

  Remuneration Level of Directors and Senior Management

  Details of the remuneration of the Directors for the Reporting Period are set out in note 7 to the consolidated financial
  statements.

  During the Reporting Period, the remuneration of the senior management, whose biographies are set out in the section
  headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report, fell within the following bands:

                                                                                 Remuneration band                  Number of
     Senior management                                                                   (RMB’000)                     people


     Nishimatsu Koei                                                                      20,500–21,000                          1
     Hirazawa Jungo                                                                         1,500–2,000                          1


 NOMINATION COMMITTEE

  The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure/size/composition/diversity/independence
  of the Board, make recommendations to the Board regarding candidates to fill vacancies on the Board and/or in senior
  management, review Directors’ skills/experience/time commitment/contributions/continuing professional development,
  assist the Board in compiling a Board competency matrix; and assist the Board in conducting regular assessments of Board
  performance.

  Before 29 May 2025 (inclusive), the Nomination Committee comprised two independent non-executive Directors, namely
  Mr. Kanno Shinichiro and Mr. Yu Jianguo, and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Mr. Matsuhisa
  Terumoto is the chairman of the Nomination Committee. After 29 May 2025, the Nomination Committee comprises two
  independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly and Mr. Yu Jianguo and one non-executive Director,
  namely Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.




74      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period to review the structure, size, composition of the
Board and the Board diversity policy, assess the independence of the Board and independent non-executive Directors, and
also make recommendations to the Board on the retirement by rotation of Directors and their re-election.

The attendance records of the members of the Nomination Committee are as follows:

                                                                                                Number of attendances
 Name of members of the Nomination Committee                                                      and attendance rate


 Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                                   2/2
 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                                                                                                     2/2
 Mr. Yu Jianguo                                                                                                           2/2
 Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                                                                                                  N/A

The Nomination Committee has conducted an annual review and assessment of each Director’s time commitment and
contribution to the Board to ensures that each Director can effectively fulfill his/her duties through assessing each Director’s
participation in Board and Board committee meetings, current directorships in external companies, other significant external
time commitments, and participation in continuing professional development training, and confirmed that each Director
has effectively fulfilled his/her duties and made effective contributions to the Board.


CONTINUING PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

All Directors are aware of their responsibilities to Shareholders and diligently perform their duties for the development
of the Group. Each newly appointed Director (if any) will receive a formal and comprehensive induction upon their initial
appointment, and may subsequently receive necessary induction and professional development to ensure they have an
appropriate understanding of the Group’s business, operations, and governance policies, and are fully aware of their
responsibilities as Directors under the Listing Rules and relevant laws and regulations.

All Directors are provided with regular updates on the Company’s performance, financial position, and prospects to
facilitate the Board as a whole and individual Directors in performing their duties. In addition, all Directors are provided
with briefings and updates on the latest developments in the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements
to ensure compliance with the relevant requirements and to enhance their awareness of sound corporate governance
practices. In accordance with the provisions of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in appropriate continuing
professional development each financial year to develop and update their knowledge and skills to ensure they continue to
contribute to the Board in a fully informed and appropriate manner. All Directors are encouraged to participate in relevant
training programs. During the Reporting Period, Directors had participated in continuing professional development and had
provided training records to the Company.


TIME COMMITMENT OF DIRECTORS

Directors demonstrate a strong commitment to Board affairs and are fully aware of the expectation that they should devote
sufficient time to Board affairs.

Directors disclose to the Company their interests as Directors on a semi-annual basis, including the number, identity, and
nature of positions held in public companies or organizations, as well as other material commitments, and promptly notify
the Company of any subsequent changes. As at the date of this annual report, no independent non-executive Director
holds directorships in more than four Hong Kong-listed companies (including the Company). The Board considers that
all Directors had devoted sufficient time and made contributions to the Company in accordance with their roles and
responsibilities during the Reporting Period.

                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025    75
     Corporate Governance Report




     NOMINATION POLICY

     The Board has adopted a nomination policy.

     Purpose

     (1)       The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make
               recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings or appoint as Directors to fill casual
               vacancies.

     (2)       The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than the
               number of Directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual vacancies to be
               filled.

     (3)       The Nomination Committee shall ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
               appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

     Selection Criteria

     (1)       The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a
               proposed candidate:

               1）      character and integrity;

               2）      qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the
                       Company’s business and corporate strategy;

               3）      accomplishment and experience business from time to time conducted, engaged in or invested in by any
                       member of the Group;

               4）      commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

               5）      requirement for the Board to have independent directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether
                       the candidates would be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in
                       the Listing Rules;

               6）      the board diversity policy and any measurable objectives adopted by the Nomination Committee for
                       achieving diversity on the Board; and

               7）      such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.

               These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee has
               the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.




76         Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




(2)   Rigorous review is applied to assessing the continuing independence of Directors having served for over 9
      consecutive years, with attention to ensuring that they remain independent in character and judgment, and
      continue to present an objective and constructive challenge to the assumptions and viewpoints presented by the
      management and the Board.

(3)   Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form, together
      with their written consent to be appointed as Directors and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any
      documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election as a Director.

(4)   The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if considered
      necessary.

Nomination Procedures

(1)   For filling a casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s consideration
      and approval. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall
      make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation.

(2)   The Nomination Committee shall, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new Director(s) and the
      biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set
      out in paragraph selection criteria (1) to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

(3)   If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee shall rank them by order of
      preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where applicable).

(4)   The Nomination Committee shall then recommend to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship. The Board
      shall have the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors.

(5)   For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the Company
      pursuant to its constitutional documents, the Nomination Committee shall evaluate such candidate based on the
      criteria as set out in paragraph selection criteria (1) to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship
      and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall make recommendation to Shareholders
      in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.

Re-election of Directors at General Meetings

(1)   The Nomination Committee shall review the overall contribution and service to the Company of the retiring
      Director including his/her attendance of Board meetings and, where applicable, general meetings, and the level of
      participation and performance on the Board.

(2)   The Nomination Committee shall also review and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the
      criteria as set out in paragraph selection criteria (1).

(3)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect of the
      proposed re-election of Director at general meetings.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   77
  Corporate Governance Report




  Succession Planning

  The Board recognises the importance of having continuity in the management of the Company, and managers with
  appropriate skills and experience to support the delivery of the Group’s strategic priorities. Succession planning is a regular
  Board agenda item and considered by the Board annually.


  BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

  The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the “policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain an
  appropriate balance of skills, experience and diverse perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the business growth to
  support the execution of business strategies.

  Purpose

  The purpose of the policy is to set out our approach to board diversity.

  Vision

  The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance.

  Policy Statement

  With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board
  level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. In
  designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited
  to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
  service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
  having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

  Measurable Objectives

  The Nomination Committee will annually discuss and agree on measurable objectives for the implementation of board
  diversity and make recommendations to the Board for adoption.

  Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
  and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate
  decision will be based on merit and contribution that the candidates will bring to the Board. The Board’s composition
  (including gender, ethnicity, age, length of service) will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report annually.

  Monitoring and Reporting

  The Nomination Committee will report annually, in the Corporate Governance Report, on the Board’s composition
  under diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the policy. The Nominating Committee is responsible
  for ensuring diversity on the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the policy, as appropriate, to ensure the
  effectiveness of the policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any
  such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.




78   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




The Board comprises nine members, including five executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent
non-executive Directors. Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and experiences, including business
management, quality control, administration and management, manufacture and research and development of pressure
vessels and finance, auditing and accounting experiences. The Board members also obtained degrees in various majors
including business administration, chemical and mechanical engineering, metallurgical engineering, water supply and
drainage engineering, electronics engineering and business and commerce. Furthermore, the ages of the Directors range
from 42 years old to 82 years old.

While the Company recognises that gender diversity at our Board level can be improved given one out of nine of our
Directors is female, the Company will continue to apply the principle of appointments based on merits with reference to
the board diversity policy as a whole, and the Company has also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender
diversity at all levels of the Company, including but not limited to the Board and the management levels. The Company will
strive to achieve gender balance of the Board through certain measures to be implemented by our Nomination Committee
in accordance with the board diversity policy. In particular, taking into account the business needs of the Group and
changing circumstances from time to time that may affect the Group’s business plans, the Company will actively identify
female individuals suitably qualified to become the Board members and the Company aims to achieve a target of 20%
female representation in the Board, during the period of which we are listed on the Stock Exchange. To further ensure
gender diversity of the Board in a long run, the Group will also identify and select several female individuals with a diverse
range of skills, experience and knowledge in different fields from time to time, and maintain a list of such female individuals
who possess qualities to become the Board members, which will be reviewed by our Nomination Committee quarterly in
order to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to promote gender diversity of the Board of the Company.

Taking into account the gender and background of the Directors and other related information, the Nomination Committee
is of the view that such policies are effective and adequate. During the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board is
diversified.

The Company is also committed to adopting similar approach above to promote diversity of all staff of the Group (including
but not limited to the senior management) to enhance the effectiveness of our corporate governance. The Group is mainly
engaged in design, manufacture, installation and operation and maintenance. Due to the nature of the industry, most
of the Group’s employees are male. The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diverse perspectives that
are relevant to the growth of the Group’s business and also strives to ensure that recruitment and selection practices
at all levels (from the Board down) are properly structured so that a diverse range of candidates is considered. As at 31
December 2025, the gender ratio of senior management in the Group was 2:0 (male to female), and the gender ratio of all
employees (excluding senior management) was approximately 4:1 (male to female), details of related data are set out in the
section headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report”. Due to the nature of the industry and the relevant labour
supply market, the Group tends to employ more male employees than female employees. The Company is committed to
maintaining a balance of male and female employees, and has implemented a fair employment policy. The Company will
regularly assess its employment policy to ensure merit-based and diverse recruitment of employees in order to narrow the
gender gap in the workforce.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   79
  Corporate Governance Report




  INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

  During the Reporting Period, the Board failed to at all times meet the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the
  appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors (representing one-third of the Board) due to the passing
  away of an independent non-executive Director on 24 December 2025. As at the date of this annual report, the Board has
  met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors
  (representing one-third of the Board). During the Reporting Period and as at the date of this annual report, the Board has
  met the requirements that at least one Director possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
  financial management expertise.

  The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect
  of his or her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
  Company considers all of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


  BOARD INDEPENDENCE POLICY

  The Board has adopted a board independence policy (the “Policy”), which is intended to set out the principles for
  maintaining the independence of the Board.

  The Structure, Size and Composition of the Board

  The Board consists of executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors. In order to
  ensure that the Board can obtain independent opinions, the number of independent non-executive Directors in the Board
  shall not be less than one-third of the total number of Directors and shall not be less than three.

  There are three standing director committees under the Board, namely the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration
  Committee and the Audit Committee. In order to ensure that the Board can obtain independent opinions, the three
  standing director committees under the Board are all composed of non-executive Directors and independent non-executive
  Directors, and most of the members are independent non-executive Directors.

  Independence Criteria for Assessing Independent Non-executive Directors

  (1)       The general principle for assessing the independence of an independent non-executive Director is: the Director shall
            not have any material or substantial interest relationship with the Group, the management of the Group or the
            Controlling Shareholder of the Group. The independence of a Director may be more likely to be doubted if there is
            any of the following circumstances in relation to the Director.

            1)      Equity relationship:

                    The Director holds more than 1% of the issued Shares of the Company;




80      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




      2)    Professional service relationship:

            A.     The Director is currently, or within the two years prior to the month when its independence was
                   assessed, has been a current or former employee, partner, director or principal of a consulting
                   company that provides professional services (including auditing services) that have a significant
                   impact on operations to the Company or its core related persons;

            B.     A family member of the Director is currently, or within the two years prior to the month when
                   its independence was assessed, has been a current or former partner, director or principal of a
                   consulting company that provides professional services (including auditing services) that have a
                   significant impact on operations to the Company or its core related persons;

            C.     A family member of the Director is the employee of the auditors engaged by the Company and is
                   currently personally involved in providing audit services to the Company;

            D.     During the two financial years preceding the year in which the Director’s independence was assessed,
                   the Director or his/her family member was an employee, partner or director of the auditors providing
                   auditing services to the Company and personally involved in providing audit services to the Company;

      3)    Business relationship:

            A.     The Director has or, within one year before the date of his proposed appointment as an independent
                   non-executive Director, has had a material interest in any major business activities of the Company
                   and its major subsidiaries (branches); or is involved in or has ever been involved in a major commercial
                   transaction with the Company or its core related persons;

            B.     The Director serves on the Board for the purpose of protecting an entity whose interests differ from
                   those of the Company’s shareholders as a whole;

      4)    Employment and remuneration relationships:

            A.     The Director is (or has been within two years preceding the date on which he is proposed to be
                   appointed as a Director) an executive officer or director (other than an independent non-executive
                   director) of the Company or its core related persons;

            B.     The Director is financially dependent on the Company or its core related persons.

      5)    Serving as directorship of each other’s company or other related relationships:

            The Director and other Directors hold mutual directorships in the each other’s company, or has a significant
            connection with other Directors through participation in other companies or groups. If the Board still
            considers such Director to be independent under such circumstance, the relevant reasons should be stated
            in the Corporate Governance Report.

(2)   When assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors, the Company should also refer to the
      relevant guidelines in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules to make judgments.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   81
  Corporate Governance Report




  Requirements for Serving as an Independent Non-executive Director

  (1)          An independent non-executive Director should meet the following basic requirements:

               1）      has the qualifications to serve as directors of listed companies according to the Listing Rules and other
                       relevant regulations;

               2）      has the independence required by the Policy;

               3）      possesses basic knowledge of the operation of listed companies, and is familiar with the Listing Rules,
                       relevant laws, administrative regulations, rules and regulations;

               4）      has more than five years of legal, economic or other work experience necessary to perform the duties of an
                       independent non-executive director;

               5）      other conditions stipulated by laws and regulations and the Articles of Association.

     (2)       Where an independent non-executive Director will be serving as a director of a seventh (or more) listed company,
               the Board will need to explain to the Shareholders why it believes that the person can still devote sufficient time to
               fulfilling his/her responsibilities as a Director.

     (3)       If an independent non-executive Director fails to attend the Board meeting in person for three consecutive times,
               the Board shall request the general meeting to dismiss and replace him/her.

     (4)       Before the expiration of the term of an independent non-executive Director, the Company may remove him/her
               through statutory procedures. In case of early removal, the Company shall disclose it as a special disclosure.

     (5)       The Company shall not give any equity-based remuneration with a performance-related element to the independent
               non-executive Directors.

  Requirements for the Term of Independent Non-executive Directors

  When an independent non-executive Director who has been re-elected for more than nine consecutive years remains
  independent and shall be re-elected, the factors considered, the procedures and the discussions of the Board or the
  Nomination Committee shall be additionally disclosed by the Company.

  If an independent non-executive Director has been in office for more than nine years, his/her re-appointment shall
  be reviewed and approved by Shareholders in the form of an independent resolution. The Company shall state in the
  document accompanying the resolution issued to Shareholders why the Board (or Nomination Committee) believes that
  the Director is still independent and shall be re-elected, including the factors considered, the process of the Board (or
  Nomination Committee) for making this decision and what was discussed.

  If all independent non-executive Directors of the Company are independent non-executive Directors who have served for
  more than nine consecutive years, new independent non-executive Directors shall be appointed by the Company and the
  names and tenure shall be disclosed for each of such independent non-executive Directors who have served for more than
  nine consecutive years in the circular to Shareholders.




82         Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




The Board shall review the independence of Directors annually to ensure that the Directors are not involved in any business
or other relationships that may affect their independent judgment. The Board shall review the composition of the Board,
and the background, skills, experience and the understanding, knowledge and insight of the business of each executive
and non-executive Director on the Board every year according to the requirements of business and strategy, and review the
effectiveness of the relevant composition to ensure that the Board has a high degree of independence. The Board believes
that the Policy is effective and adequate, and the Board had maintained its independence during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the Reporting
Period.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or circumstances that may significantly affect
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements
is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services and non-
audit services for the Reporting Period is set out below:

                                                                                                               Fees paid/
 Service Category                                                                                                payable
                                                                                                                RMB’000


 Audit services                                                                                                      4,200
 Non-audit services (financial and tax due diligence)                                                                  847


 Total                                                                                                               5,047


INVESTOR RELATIONS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT

The Company amended the Articles of Association by way of a special resolution passed on 26 June 2025 during the
Reporting Period. The latest version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
Exchange.

Shareholder Communication Policy

The Company believes that the effective communication with Shareholders is essential to enhance investor relations
and deepen investors’ understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. In order to facilitate effective
communication, the Company has adopted a shareholder communication policy aiming to establish the mutual relationship
and communication between the Company and Shareholders.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    83
  Corporate Governance Report




  (1)          Purpose

               The shareholder communication policy is intended to set out provisions aimed at ensuring Shareholders’ equal and
               timely access to information of the Company, enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner
               and allowing them to actively participate in the Company’s operations.

  (2)          General policy

               1)      The Board will maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and periodically review the policy to ensure
                       its effectiveness.

               2)      Information will be communicated to Shareholders through the Company’s financial reports, annual and
                       other general meetings that may be held, and disclosures filed with the Stock Exchange.

               3)      Effective and timely communication of information to Shareholders should be ensured at all times. Any
                       questions related to this policy will be referred to the Company Secretary of the Company.

     (3)       Communication strategy

               1)      Shareholder inquiries

                       A.       The Board will maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and periodically review this policy to
                                ensure its effectiveness.

                       B.       Shareholders may request corporate information at any time as long as such information is publicly
                                available.

                       C.       Shareholders shall be provided with a designated contact person, e-mail address and the Company’s
                                inquiry telephone number to enable them to raise any inquiries related to the Company.

               2)      Corporate communication

                       Corporate communication means any document issued or to be issued by the Company for Shareholder’s
                       information or actions, but is not limited to Directors’ reports and annual accounts together with auditors’
                       reports, interim reports, notices of meetings, circulars and proxy forms.

                       A.       Corporate communications should be drawn up in plain language that can be easily understood by
                                Shareholders and be provided to Shareholders in Chinese and English. Shareholders have the right
                                to choose the language (English or Chinese) or the method for receiving corporate communications
                                (hard copy or in electronic form).

                       B.       Shareholders are encouraged to provide the Company with, among other things, their e-mail
                                addresses to facilitate timely and efficient communication.




84         Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




       3)     Company website

              A.      A dedicated investor relations section is available on the Company’s website at
                      www.morimatsu-online.com. Information on the Company’s website is regularly updated.

              B.      Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also published on the Company’s
                      website immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, results
                      announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and related explanatory documents.

              C.      All presentations provided in connection with the annual general meetings and the annual results
                      announcements should be available on the Company’s website.

              D.      All press releases and Shareholder communications shall be available on the Company’s website.

       4)     General meetings

              A.      Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings or, if they are unable to attend, to appoint
                      proxies to attend and vote on their behalf.

              B.      Proper arrangements shall be made for annual general meetings to encourage Shareholders’
                      participation.

              C.      The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed regularly, and if
                      necessary, appropriate changes will be made to ensure that the needs of Shareholders are best
                      served.

              D.      Members of the Board, in particular, the chairmen of the Board committees or their representatives,
                      relevant senior management and external auditors will attend annual general meetings to answer
                      Shareholders’ questions.

              E.      Shareholders are encouraged to participate in Shareholder activities organized by the Company, and
                      information about the Company, including the latest strategic plans, products and services, will be
                      exchanged at the activities.

(4)    Shareholder privacy

       The Company recognizes the importance of Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose Shareholders’ information
       without their consent, except as required by law.

The Company recognizes the importance of maintaining clear, timely and effective communication with Shareholders and
potential investors. Therefore, the Group is committed to maintaining a high degree of transparency to ensure Shareholders
and potential investors receive accurate, clear, comprehensive and timely information of the Group by regulatory or
voluntary publications (such as publishing financial reports, results announcements, circulars and press releases), general
meetings and other investment market communications such as roadshows and media interviews.

As the main channels for the Company to convey information to Shareholders and investors, the Company’s website
www.morimatsu-online.com and the HKEXnews website www.hkexnews.hk provide access to the Company’s financial
reports (interim and annual reports), announcements, circulars, other corporate communications, and the latest updates on
business operations and developments for inspection.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025    85
  Corporate Governance Report




  The annual general meetings held by the Company provide Shareholders with an direct communication platform with
  the Board and management. All Directors (barring exceptional circumstances) will attend the Company’s annual general
  meetings and answer the questions raised by Shareholders during the meeting. The chairman of the general meeting of
  the Company would explain the procedures for conducting poll before putting a resolution to vote. The results of votes
  conducted by poll will be published separately on the HKEXnews website and the Company’s website. The Company’s
  auditor would also attend annual general meetings to address matters related to the audit.

  The Company’s share registrars serve Shareholders with respect to all share registration matters. Shareholders may also
  exercise their right to propose resolutions at general meetings and submit inquiries to the Board in accordance with the
  paragraph headed “Shareholders’ Rights” below.

  Meanwhile, the Company organizes various activities as needed, including holding briefing sessions for investors/analysts
  and individual meetings with them, media interviews and investor promotion activities, to promote the communication
  between the Company and Shareholders and investors. Directors and employees of the Company will comply with the
  relevant disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules whenever they contact or communicate with investors, analysts, the
  media or other relevant external parties.

  Taking into account the various channels above for Shareholders to convey their views, the Board believes that during the
  Reporting Period, the Company continued to maintain dialogue with Shareholders and investors, and the Company has
  ensured the effectiveness of the implementation of the shareholder communication policy, and will regularly review the
  shareholder communication policy to ensure its continued effectiveness.

  Shareholders’ Rights

  Shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings of the Company. To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and
  rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each substantially separate issue, including the election of individual Directors,
  at general meetings. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules
  and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each
  general meeting.

  Convening Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals

  In accordance with the Articles of Association, a Shareholder (holding at the date of the requisition not less than 5% of the
  total voting rights of the Company entitled to vote at a general meeting) may request the Board to call a general meeting
  of the Company, which the Board must convene within 21 days of the requisition and within 28 days of the date on which
  notice of the general meeting is given. Such request must state the general nature of the business to be transacted at
  the meeting and may include the text of resolutions that may be properly proposed and intended to be proposed at the
  meeting. Such request may be sent to the Company in paper or electronic form and must be authenticated by the person
  making the request. If the Board fails to convene a general meeting within the prescribed time, the person making the
  requisition or the Shareholders representing more than half of the total voting rights of all Shareholders may convene a
  general meeting by themselves in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which that meeting is required to be
  called by the Directors, and the Company shall reimburse the person making the requisition for all reasonable expenses
  incurred due to the Board’s failure to convene a meeting. If at any time the Company does not have any Directors or a
  quorum of Directors capable of constituting a meeting, any two or more Shareholders holding not less than 10% of the
  total voting rights of the Company entitled to vote at a general meeting may convene a general meeting in the same
  manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which that meeting is required to be called by the Directors.




86   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director

The specific procedures for Shareholders to propose any person for election as a Director of the Company are published on
the Company’s website.

Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

Pursuant to Sections 580 and 615 of the Companies Ordinance, either the Shareholders representing at least 2.5% of the
total voting rights of the Shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the general meeting, or at least 50
Shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the general meeting, may request the Company in writing to
circulate statements of the resolutions proposed at the general meeting/give notice of the resolutions properly proposed
and intended to be proposed at the general meeting to the Shareholders entitled to receive notice of the general meeting.

The requisition (1) may be sent to the Company in paper at the registered office or in electronic form by email at
contact@morimatsu-online.com/ircontact@morimatsu-online.com; (2) must identify the statement to be circulated/
resolution of which notice is to be given; (3) must be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and (4) (a) in the
case of requisition for the circulation of statements regarding resolutions proposed at the general meeting, such requisition
must be received by the Company not later than 7 days before the general meeting or (b) in the case of requisition for the
notice of the resolutions properly proposed and intended to be proposed at the general meeting, the requisition must be
received by the Company not later than 6 weeks before the general meeting, or if later, the time at which notice is given
of that meeting.

Making Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders who wish to make enquiries to the Board should send such enquiries in writing to the Company. The
Company does not normally handle verbal or anonymous enquiries.

Contact Information

Shareholders may send the above inquiries or requests in the following manner:

Address:              29/F, One Exchange Square
                      8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong
                      (For the attention of the Board/joint company secretaries)
Email:                contact@morimatsu-online.com
                      ircontact@morimatsu-online.com
Telephone:            +852 2157 0050

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deliver and send the original of a duly signed written request/notice/
statement/enquiry, as the case may be, to the above address, providing their full name, contact details and identity, in order
to be processed. Shareholder information may be disclosed as required by law.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   87
  Corporate Governance Report




  Dividend Policy

  The Board has adopted a dividend policy which provides that the Company in general meeting may declare dividends in any
  currency, but no dividend shall be declared in excess of the amount recommended by the Board and subject to applicable
  laws and regulations and the Articles of Association.

  The Company considers that it is an objective of the Company to provide Shareholders with stable and sustainable returns.
  The Company aims to distribute a certain proportion of distributable profits to Shareholders while retaining the remaining
  distributable profits for future business expansion.

  In deciding whether to recommend the payment of dividend to Shareholders, the Board will take into account factors
  including the following:

  (1)       general business conditions and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or
            financial performance and position of the Company;

  (2)       the financial condition and results of operations of the Group;

  (3)       the expected capital requirements and future expansion plans of the Group;

  (4)       future prospects of the Group;

  (5)       statutory and regulatory restrictions;

  (6)       contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Group to the Shareholders or by the subsidiaries of the
            Company to the Company;

  (7)       payment by the Company’s subsidiaries of cash dividends to the Company;

  (8)       Shareholders’ interests; and

  (9)       other factors the Board may deem relevant in determining whether dividends are to be declared and paid.

  The Board will review its financial position from time to time and will make dividend distributions as it considers appropriate
  in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.

  During the Reporting Period, all dividend decisions made by the Board were made in accordance with the dividend policy
  of the Company.




88      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Important Event Log of Shareholders for the Financial Year of 2026

The Company is committed to maintaining sincere and constructive communication with its Shareholders/investors, and
providing the Shareholders/investors with the information they need to make informed investment decisions. In order to
further maintain and strengthen the effectiveness of the Company’s communication with the Shareholders/investors, the
Company’s important event log for Shareholders in the financial year of 2026 is as follows:

First half of 2026
•      2025 annual results announcement
       Results release (also available on live broadcasting)
•      Roadshow after results announcement
•      Annual General Meeting

Second half of 2026
•    2026 interim results announcement
     Results release (also available on live broadcasting)
•    Roadshow after results announcement


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

We have established a three-tiered risk management and internal control system covering governance, management and
execution.

The Board, as the highest decision-making body for risk management and internal control (including financial control,
operation control and compliance control), is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of risks that
the Group is willing to accept in achieving its strategic objectives, overseeing the design, implementation and monitoring
of the risk management and internal control system by the management and reviewing the effectiveness and adequacy
of such system during the previous financial year and the first half of the year at least twice a year to ensure that the
Group establishes and maintains an appropriate and effective risk management and internal control system. The Board
acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control system and the review of the effectiveness
and adequacy of such system which is designed to manage, not eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives,
and that only reasonable and not absolute assurance can be given that there will be no material misstatement or loss. The
risk management and internal control system is reviewed on an ongoing basis by the Board.

The Board is responsible for overseeing and reviewing the Group’s risk management and internal control system through
the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee is responsible for supervising the risk management and internal control
system of the Group under the terms of reference. The Audit Committee oversees the risk management and internal
control processes and reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system through the following
procedures: (1) monitoring the current status of the Group’s internal audit department and control systems; (2) reviewing
work reports on risk management and internal control (including internal audit work, risk management work and anti-fraud
work, as well as measures taken or required to be taken to address matters requiring attention in the work); and (3)
reviewing the Group’s work plans to maintain the continuous effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
system.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   89
  Corporate Governance Report




  The Board is responsible for overseeing the preparation of annual financial statements and confirms its responsibility
  for the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with statutory
  requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Company publishes its annual and interim results within three
  months and two months respectively, after the end of the relevant periods.

  The Board appoints external auditors to conduct the independent statutory audit of the Group’s financial statements. The
  external auditors attend Audit Committee meetings at least twice per annum to discuss and report on the nature and scope
  of the audit, any material internal control deficiencies identified during the audit of the consolidated financial statements,
  and material findings arising from the audit.

  The Group has established a risk management team, members of which will combine the Group’s actual operation and
  external environment to organize and analyze risks from five aspects, namely strategy, finance, market, operation and
  compliance, evaluate and discuss to identify significant risks, formulate and implement corresponding risk management
  strategies and solutions for the identified significant risks, summarize the risk management work for the previous financial
  year, plan the risk management work for the current year, and continuously adjust the risk management related work
  according to the management needs with a dynamic approach.

  In addition to the above-mentioned significant risk management mechanism, the Group has established a comprehensive
  risk management and internal control management system, policies and systems to promote and support anti-corruption
  and anti-fraud laws and regulations, procedures and internal control measures for handling and releasing inside information
  and established an internal control process framework covering sales and cash collection, procurement and payment,
  inventory management, environmental protection and production management, research and development and intangible
  asset management, fixed asset management, capital management, human resources and remuneration management,
  financial reporting and external information disclosure, information system management and other business processes with
  continuous improvement to ensure the effective operation of the risk management and internal control system.

  The Group has adopted the Inside Information Policy (《內幕消息政策》). In compliance with the provisions of Part XIVA of
  the SFO and the Listing Rules, the Group shall disclose any inside information to the public as soon as reasonably practicable
  upon becoming aware of such information, unless such information falls within any of the “safe harbor provisions” under
  the SFO. The Group will ensure that such information remains strictly confidential until it is fully disclosed to the public. If the
  Group believes that the required confidentiality cannot be maintained, or that such information may have been leaked, it
  will disclose the information to the public immediately. The Company is committed to ensuring that information contained
  in announcements is not false or misleading in any material respect, or false or misleading by omission of any material fact,
  such that the inside information disclosed can be made available to the public in an equal, timely and effective manner.
  For the handling and dissemination of inside information under the SFO and the Listing Rules, the Group has taken various
  procedures and measures, including raising the awareness of confidentiality of inside information within the Group, issuing
  notices regarding blackout period and securities dealing restrictions to the Directors and relevant employees regularly, and
  disseminating information to designated personnel on a need-to-know basis.

     The Group has implemented a whistleblowing policy and system for employees and those who have a relationship with the
     Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise concerns in confidence and in an anonymous way to the Audit Committee
     about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Group.

     The Group has established a dedicated internal control audit department to undertake the internal audit function, oversee
     and review the design and implementation of internal control policies, analyze and independently evaluate the adequacy
     and effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control system, and report the evaluation results to the
     Audit Committee at least twice a year. In addition to the internal control audit department, all employees are responsible
     for the risk management and internal control within their business areas.



90      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, the Group’s internal and external operating environment remained stable. Since the review
conducted in the previous year, there have been no adjustments to the scope of identification or assessment criteria for
significant risks. The nature, likelihood of occurrence, and severity of material risks (including environmental, social, and
governance risks) have not undergone any material changes. Meanwhile, the Group has further strengthened its risk
management and internal control systems. No major adjustments have been made to the business model or resource
allocation. In response to potential changes in the business and external environment, the Group’s existing governance
structure, capital reserves, operational capabilities, and internal control processes enable effective response, providing
sufficient risk buffers and adaptability.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has received confirmation from management regarding the effectiveness of the
risk management and internal control systems, as well as confirmation from the Board regarding their responsibilities for
the risk management and internal control systems. The management and the Board are of the opinion that the Group’s
risk management and internal control system is effective and adequate, the Group’s procedures for financial reporting and
compliance with the Listing Rules are effective, the internal and external resources used to design, implement, and monitor
the risk management and internal control systems (including but not limited to the employee qualifications and experience,
training courses received by employees and budget in accounting/internal audit/financial reporting functions) and resources
in relation to environmental, social, and governance performance and reporting are adequate. No material changes were
identified in the Group’s risk profile or in its risk management and internal control systems, and no material control failures
or material control weaknesses were identified.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   91
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  ABOUT THE REPORT

  ESG Governance Structure

  The Board of the Group is fully aware of its responsibility to protect and enhance long-term Shareholder value, to lead
  and manage the Group to deliver long-term returns and to make a positive impact on society and the environment.
  Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) is a priority and important factor in measuring a company’s non-financial
  performance, as well as its valuation, risk management and regulatory compliance. Corporate ESG performance is inevitably
  one of the key criteria for demonstrating a company’s corporate social responsibility and future sustainability.

  The Board of the Company is responsible for formulating ESG strategies of the Group, assessing and determining relevant
  risks, and ensuring that a suitable and effective risk management objective and internal control system is in place. By
  assessing and evaluating ESG-related risks and performance reporting, the Group sets overall strategic objectives, monitors
  management effectiveness, and ensures reliable business operations and compliance with relevant legal and regulatory
  requirements. The Group appointed Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka, an executive Director and a member of the Board, to plan,
  organize and oversee the ESG process, and established an ESG management team composed of the management and the
  heads of production, quality control, sales, procurement, health, safety and environment (“HSE”) and human resources
  departments to ensure the specific execution and implementation of the Group’s ESG work and strategies. He is also
  responsible to report to the Board regularly and follow the Board’s instruction and suggestions. In addition, the Group
  established ESG working groups in the life science business unit and the energy and materials business unit respectively,
  which were dedicated to ensuring the execution and implementation of the Group’s environmental, social and governance
  strategies in the respective business units under the leadership and supervision of the ESG management team.

  This ESG report (the “Report”) collects qualitative data and quantitative data to demonstrate the Group’s determination
  and relevant performance in achieving sustainable development.

  Scope of Reporting

  The Report provides an overview of the Group’s sustainability performance by summarizing the policies, management
  practices and performance of the Group’s businesses in the area of corporate social responsibility. The Report covers the
  Company and its subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Nantong, Changshu, Weifang in China, as well as in Sweden, Japan,
  USA, India, Malaysia, Italy and Singapore. In September 2025, the Company‘s subsidiary, MII, entered into a Share Transfer
  Agreement with two independent third parties, pursuant to which MII agreed to acquire 100% of the equity interest in
  Bioengineering AG and its subsidiaries. Upon completion of the share transfer, the Company indirectly holds 100% of
  the equity interest in Bioengineering AG and its subsidiaries. As the non-financial operating data is still under integration,
  Bioengineering AG and its subsidiaries have not been included in the scope of the Report.

  Reporting Period

  The Report describes and highlights the ESG activities, challenges and measures taken by the Group during the Reporting
  Period.

  Basis of Preparation

  The Report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code” (the “Code”)
  as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules and based on the reporting principles of “Materiality”, “Quantitative”,
  “Balance” and “Consistency”. The Report has complied with the mandatory disclosure requirements and the “comply or
  explain” provisions of the Code.

  The Group makes every effort to ensure consistency between the Chinese and English versions of the Report. However, in
  case of any inconsistency, the English version shall prevail.

  The Report has been reviewed and approved by the Board.


92   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

As a responsible enterprise, the Group believes that all stakeholders play their respective roles in driving the development
and success of an enterprise, and that good ESG management is important for achieving sustainable development of
an enterprise. To foster collaborative relationships with key stakeholders, including government and regulatory bodies,
shareholders and investors, employees, industry associations, customers, suppliers and the community, the Group actively
communicated with stakeholders during the Reporting Period through various channels to exchange views and ideas, and
to discuss and review ESG objectives with stakeholders, with the aim of building key business strategies for the Group to
drive future growth and address future challenges.

The stakeholder engagement activities conducted by the Group during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                               Communication and responses of
 Stakeholders                     Expectations on the Group                    the Group

 Government and                   • Compliance with various laws and           • Comply with the laws and regulations
  regulatory authorities            regulations                                  in the place of operation and implement
                                  • Promote employment                           relevant policies
                                  • Pay taxes according to law                 • Accept supervision and inspection
                                  • Clean production                           • Strengthen compliance management
                                                                                 and operation for enterprises
                                                                               • Timely reporting and disclosure of
                                                                                 information

 Investors and                    •   Financial performance                    • Convene regular general meetings and
   shareholders                   •   Development strategies                     Board meetings
                                  •   Exploration of new business              • Investor research and communication
                                  •   Sustainable corporate development        • Make timely disclosure of statutory
                                  •   Technology and innovation                  matters and business updates
                                                                               • Deepen product and technology
                                                                                 innovation and continuously expand
                                                                                 new business

 Customers                        • Provide products and services that meet •     Improve the quality of products and
                                    the needs and create greater value for        services
                                    customers                               •     Improve customer satisfaction
                                  • Intellectual property protection        •     Protect the security of customer data
                                  • Information safety security                   and information
                                  • Bear corporate social responsibility    •     Actively cooperate with customer to
                                                                                  perform enterprise social responsibility
                                                                                  audit

 Employees                        •   Protection of rights and interests       • Protect the rights and interests of
                                  •   Remunerations and benefits                 employees and enhance employee
                                  •   Safety and health                          benefits
                                  •   Career development                       • Improve the working environment of
                                  •   Corporate culture                          employees
                                                                               • Enhance employee health and safety
                                                                                 related training and facility investment
                                                                               • Provide employees with better training
                                                                                 related to career development
                                                                               • Actively communicate with employees




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025     93
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                                                                                   Communication and responses of
     Stakeholders                        Expectations on the Group                 the Group

     Suppliers and business              • Comply with business ethics and         • Improve the communication platform
       partners                            national laws and regulations             for suppliers
                                         • Openness and fairness                   • Optimize the supplier selection
                                         • Commitment                                mechanism
                                         • Work with suppliers to promote          • Establish an open and transparent
                                           sustainable development of the supply     tendering mechanism
                                           chain and achieve win-win cooperation   • Provide equal opportunity for suppliers
                                                                                     to compete
                                                                                   • Improve supplier evaluation

     Industry associations               • Facilitate industry development         • Promote sustainable industry
                                                                                     development
                                                                                   • Promote fair competition in the industry

     Community                           • Actively participate in community       • Commences employee volunteer
                                           construction                              activities
                                         • Actively devote to public welfare       • Contributions to support education
                                           undertakings                            • Provides more employment
                                                                                     opportunities
                                                                                   • Charity donations




94    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                Environmental, Social and Governance Report




MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Through stakeholder engagement activities and management reviews, and based on the corporate development
strategy, industry trends, as well as changes in the internal and external environment, and in consideration of regulatory
requirements, industry standards, peer benchmarking, and the results of previous issues assessments, we have identified the
following most material ESG materiality issues in terms of relevance and materiality, and established priorities for resource
allocation to address these issues. Compared with 2024, we have added the issues of “Anti-unfair competition” and
“Diversity and equality”, and elevated the materiality level of the issue “Social activity participation and contribution”. The
assessment helps to ensure that the Group’s business objectives and development direction are in line with the expectations
and requirements of the stakeholders.


                              High
                                                           Medium Materiality Issues                                                                                       High Materiality Issues

                                                                                                                                                  Compliance operation

                                                                                                                                                                    Occupational health and safety
                                                                                                           Establishment of an
                                                                                                           integrity culture                           Research, development,
                                                                                                                                            innovation and intellectual property
                                                                                                                                                                    Product safety and quality
                                                                                                                                 Privacy protection and information safety
                                                                                                              Environment management
          Environmental                                                                                                                   Customer service and satisfaction




                              Importance to Stakeholders
                                                                                        Employee rights and benefits
          issues
                                                                                                                            Talent recruitment and retain
          Social issues
                                                                                                                       Sustainable supply chain                 Green and low-carbon products
          Governance issues                                                                                                   Emissions                 GHG and energy management
                                                                                                                              management

                                                                          Employee training and development opportunity                                       Corporate governance

                                                                      Anti-unfair competition       Use of resources                     Climate risks and opportunities

                                                                                                                  Social activity participation and     Cross industry cooperation and development
                                                                                                                  contribution



                                                                                                 Diversity and equality




                                                           General Materiality Issues

                              Low                                                                          Importance to the Group                                                                   High




STAKEHOLDERS’ FEEDBACK

The Group welcomes your comments and feedback on its ESG performance and approach. Your input is particularly
valuable to the Group’s continued excellence and sustainability and you are invited to send your questions, comments and
suggestions to contact@morimatsu-online.com.


ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

The Group considers environmental protection to be an important corporate social responsibility. The Group pays close
attention to the promulgation and updating of environmental protection-related laws and regulations in the places
where it operates and strictly complies with the requirements of such laws and regulations. We have implemented an
executive compensation system linked to environmental performance, where a fixed amount is deducted monthly from
the relevant responsible persons’ salaries to establish an “HSE Risk Deposit Fund.” Additionally, the annual achievement of
environmental management, HSE, and climate change response targets is incorporated into the executive KPI assessment
system. The Group strictly adheres to the ISO 14001:2015 international environmental management system standard,
establishing a comprehensive environmental management system (EMS) and supporting management frameworks. We
actively promote the digital integration of the environmental management system with the regulatory platforms of the
local governments where we operate. In addition, we have formulated and implemented a number of measures to control



                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025      95
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  pollution and protect the environment, publicized and promoted resource conservation and energy consumption reduction
  through various channels, and raised the awareness of environmental protection among all people involved in order to
  protect the ecological environment and promote sustainable development, so as to contribute to the creation of a better
  home for mankind.

  Emission

  The Group has comprehensively identified and assessed the factors that may be involved in environmental impact. The
  Group has identified various factors that may have an impact on the environment in its production activities (including
  the production processes like welding, polishing, grinding, cutting, pickling and flaw detection in the workshops) and
  daily office activities of its employees (including the use of computers, air conditioners and copiers), and conducted risk
  assessment in five aspects, namely compliance with regulations, frequency of occurrence, scope of impact, degree of
  impact and social concern, and updated the assessment results annually. The Group strictly complies with the relevant laws
  and regulations in the places where it operates, and has formulated management policies and regulations for different
  environmental impact factors, such as air pollution prevention and control, water pollution control, waste management
  and noise pollution prevention and control, and has clearly defined the control measures to be taken by each department
  to protect the ecological environment of the Group and the surrounding areas. The Group aims to make continuous efforts
  to reduce the generation of relevant emissions on the premise of ensuring that all emissions comply with relevant laws,
  regulations and emission standards of the places of operation.

  Waste gas

  In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, the Group has formulated the Management Regulations on
  Prevention and Control of Air Pollution (《大氣污染防治管理規定》) to prevent and control air pollution. The Group’s
  exhaust emission sources related to production activities primarily consist of gases generated during processes such
  as natural gas combustion in heat treatment furnaces, pickling and passivation, welding, and electrolysis. The Group
  continuously deepens the green transformation of its production processes, effectively reducing the generation of
  hazardous gases in production through technological innovation. By comprehensively promoting the use of environmentally
  friendly raw materials, we have significantly reduced total exhaust emissions. For major pollutants including sulfides,
  particulate matter, and benzene series compounds, we have established a classified treatment system and implemented
  precise control measures to ensure all emissions undergo rigorous harmless treatment. Furthermore, the Group annually
  organizes qualified third-party entities to conduct inspections of stationary emission sources within our facilities,
  guaranteeing compliance with emission standards.

  The Group’s office and non-manufacture related emission mainly include cooking activities in canteen, boiler room
  operation and official vehicle travel. The Group has adopted measures to reduce emissions by using clean energy, installing
  emission reduction facilities and optimizing travel routes as far as possible. In addition, the Group promotes the use of new
  energy vehicles among employees and customers by installing charging stations and fast-charging devices.

  Through the implementation of the above measures, during the Reporting Period, the Group’s waste gas emission met
  the goal set by the Group, and there was no non-compliance of waste gas emissions. Among them, the actual emission of
  particulate matter was approximately 2.24 tonnes, the actual emission of nitrogen oxides was approximately 3.23 tonnes,
  the actual emission of sulphur dioxide was approximately 2.30 tonnes, the actual emission of benzene was approximately
  0.04 tonnes, the actual emission of toluene was approximately 0.30 tonnes and the actual emission of xylene was
  approximately 0.42 tonnes.




96   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Waste water

In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, the Group has formulated Water Pollution Control Management
Regulations (《水污染控制管理規定》) and applied for Pollution Discharge Permit (《排污許可證》). As for domestic
sewage, the Group recycles the effluent generated from the pure water preparation process for toilet flushing. After
centralized collection, it is discharged into the municipal sewage network along with other domestic wastewater, ensuring
no adverse impact on the surrounding aquatic environment. For the wastewater generated during production processes
such as pickling, passivation, electropolishing, stainless steel product surface treatment, and acid mist treatment in the
workshops, the Group discharges it into the acidic wastewater collection pool. We employ an internationally leading
neutralisation treatment process for advanced purification before recycling the water. The Group has established
emergency water storage facilities in critical production areas to ensure timely wastewater collection even in the event of
abnormalities in the water treatment system, effectively preventing environmental risks. Wastewater treatment facilities
have also been set up so that 80% to 100% of the production wastewater, through pre-treatment and in-depth treatment,
can be formed into recycled water. Moreover, the Group organizes annual testing by third-party units with testing
qualifications to ensure compliance with emission standards.

During the Reporting Period, the Group discharged approximately 864,145.80 cubic meters of wastewater and did not
experience any cases of non-compliance with the effluent discharge standards.

Dust

Metal dust will be generated during the production process of polishing, grinding, cutting, and heat treatment. In view of
this, the Group has installed high-efficiency dust removal equipment in the relevant construction areas and ventilation and
air exchange devices at our production premises in an effort to reduce dust pollution and safeguard employees’ health.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any cases of non-compliance with dust emission standards.

Noise

In the process of workshop processing, the operation of blanking machines and welding machines will generate noise, and
working under the noise for a long period of time will adversely affect the health of employees. For this purpose, the Group
has formulated the Management Regulations on Prevention of Noise Pollution (《噪音污染防治管理規定》) in accordance
with relevant laws and regulations, and installed noise reduction equipment such as soundproof cotton and soundproof
panels on noise sources. Regular maintenance are carried out on these equipments to reduce the impact of noise on
employees. At the same time, the Group has also provided labour protection products such as noise reduction earplugs,
while employees are required and supervised to wear them properly. The Group organizes qualified third-party units to
conduct inspections every year to ensure that the noise level of the plant meets the standards.

During the Reporting Period, there were no instances where the Group’s noise level was not up to standard.

Waste

The Group complies with the relevant laws and regulations on waste management, has formulated the Regulations on
Environmental Hygiene and Waste Management (《環境衛生和廢棄物管理規定》) and Regulations on Waste Management
(《廢棄物管理規定》), and manages waste based on these regulations to ensure full coverage of control measures
throughout the entire process from the source of production to the end disposal of waste. The Group’s waste reduction
objectives are to continuously strive to minimize waste generation, reduce environmental impact, and achieve resource
recycling, while ensuring effective management and disposal of waste.



                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   97
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  The Group implements classified waste management, including hazardous waste and non-hazardous waste.

  Hazardous waste mainly includes waste mineral oil, waste wipes and packaging, waste fixing solution and waste developing
  solution, etc. The main control measures adopted by the Group on hazardous waste are as follows:

  o       Hazardous waste is collected by the designated responsible department, stored in special containers and placed in
          the dangerous goods storage areas. The waste storage facility is equipped with anti-permeation epoxy flooring and
          features diversion channels and collection tanks to prevent leaks from spreading.

  o       Containers and sites for storing hazardous waste are equipped with corresponding labels and warning signs to
          achieve proper storage of various types of hazardous waste.

  o       Designate personnel to contact qualified units to dispose of hazardous waste; the disposal department and the
          receiving department fill out the Waste Disposal Process Record Form (《廢棄物處理過程記錄表》) according to the
          actual disposal situation, and implement stringent registration management for the disposal of hazardous waste.

 Non-hazardous waste mainly includes waste metal residues, domestic waste, kitchen waste and construction waste, etc.
 The main control measures adopted by the Group for non-hazardous waste are as follows:

 o        For metal scrap, the Group sets up metal scrap hoppers in the production area to sort and collect metal scrap of
          different materials or models before sending them to designated storage areas for disposal.

 o        For domestic garbage, the Group has set up various types of garbage bins in the office area, production area and
          living area for collecting dry, wet, recyclable and non-recyclable garbage, which will be cleaned and collected by the
          cleaning staff to the garbage room for disposal by qualified units.

 o        For kitchen waste, the canteen contractor will contact a qualified unit for disposal.

 o        For construction waste, the construction unit is responsible for cleaning and transporting it to the waste storage site.

 During the Reporting Period, the Group had achieved the waste reduction goals. The Group generated and effectively
 disposed of approximately 626.00 tonnes of hazardous waste and approximately 5,990.64 tonnes of non-hazardous
 waste.

  Use of Resources

  The main resources used by the Group include purchased electricity, natural gas used in heat treatment furnaces and
  canteens, diesel for forklifts, gasoline for official vehicles, production and domestic water, electricity and product
  packaging materials. The Group’s goals for the use of resources are: with the continuous development of the business,
  the Group will continuously improve the utilization efficiency of relevant resources, save resources as much as possible,
  and control resource usage. The Group has formulated the Resource and Energy Management System (《資源與能源管理
  制度》), Management Measures for Energy Conservation (《節能管理辦法》) and has taken measures to reduce resource
  consumption in various aspects, thereby achieving the energy efficiency goals set by the Group.




98    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Electricity resources

The Group pays attention to the management of electricity consumption in daily operation and has taken consumption
reduction measures as follows:

o      Post energy-saving tips next to the switches of commonly used high-powered equipment to educate employees to
       reduce unnecessary electricity consumption in production and office processes, in order to reduce the environmental
       impact of operational activities.

o      Require employees to power off computers and other peripheral equipment when they are away from the office for
       more than one hour.

o      Require the windows and doors to be closed when opening the air conditioning in winter and summer, and set the
       air conditioning temperature reasonably.

o      For the use of electricity in production and office processes, the Group procures energy-saving equipment as far
       as possible and reduces electricity consumption by rationalizing production schedules and process modifications.
       During the Reporting Period, the Nantong manufacturing base implemented an energy-saving reform project for
       the roller frame speed control system. By installing variable frequency converter and replacing variable frequency
       motors, it significantly reduced equipment startup currents.

o      The Group has been actively constructing photovoltaic energy systems and installing solar panels. During the
       Reporting Period, the Nantong manufacturing base added approximately 3 megawatt (“MW”) of photovoltaic
       capacity, bringing its total installed capacity to about 13 MW. The Changshu manufacturing base completed the
       installation of approximately 8.7 MW of distributed photovoltaic panels. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
       proportion of electricity consumption from renewable sources at the Nantong and Changshu manufacturing bases
       reached approximately 30.79%.

Water Resources

The Group does not face any issues in the shortage of water supply in its operations, nor does it have any difficulty in finding
suitable water sources for its business operations. However, water conservation is becoming an increasingly important issue
for the whole society. Therefore, the Group has continuously enhanced its capacity for water conservation and utilization.
By actively implementing the following water-saving measures, it has accomplished the goals for the efficiency of water use.

o      The Group has renovated the drinking water facilities for workshops since 2022, changing the water supply through
       the drinking fountain to direct water supply from the water room through the pipeline, eliminating the need to
       specifically clean and seal the water drums used in the loop.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   99
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      o       The Group has integrated the concept of energy saving into the product design and, since 2022, optimised the
              design of the spray ball for cleaning in the container equipment, which has obvious water saving effect compared
              with the common spray ball. Based on an annual cleaning frequency of 200 times per container equipment, each
              equipment can save approximately 277 tonnes of water per year. Simultaneously, it is estimated that the reduction
              in water flow could save about 200 kilowatt hours of electricity of each equipment per year.

      o       The Group has established a rainwater recycle system at its manufacturing bases, which recycles the rainwater for
              site cleaning and green irrigation.

      o       The Group’s life sciences business segment has established an intelligent water treatment system, utilizing
              internationally leading storage and distribution technologies and ozone disinfection processes to ensure that
              production water fully complies with national GMP purified water standards. It has continuously maintained its
              qualification as the first factory in China’s industry to comply with German water resources regulations, certified by
              TÜV SÜD.

      Paper resources

      As for the paper consumption in the office process, on the one hand, the Group controls the total amount of paper
      consumption by recording the paper consumption of each department on a monthly basis to reduce waste. On the other
      hand, the Group advocates green office practices and digital delivery. Through the application of a remote inspection
      platform and VR (Virtual Reality) technology, the digital delivery system has achieved full-process digital control from design
      review to Factory Acceptance Testing (FAT). Its implementation not only significantly improves project execution efficiency
      but also effectively reduces traditional business travel needs, with an estimated reduction of approximately US$100,000
      in travel costs per overseas project. During the Reporting Period, the Group completed paperless transformations of core
      processes such as the maintenance request system and meal voucher management, and promoted the delivery of electronic
      documentation in project management. Additionally, the Group has added approximately 410 office automation (OA)
      approval process forms. Through the effective implementation of paperless operations, the Group saved approximately
      16.09 tonnes of paper during the Reporting Period.

      Packaging materials

      The Group’s products are mainly customized for customers, and the packaging materials used vary, mainly including
      wooden boxes, rain-proof cloth, iron pallets and wooden pallets. Nevertheless, the Group will reuse eligible and recyclable
      packaging materials in the course of business development. For example, in the course of modular product delivery, the
      Group has developed recyclable engineering plastic sealing protection devices to fully replace traditional wooden blind
      plates. This not only improves sealing efficiency but also achieves efficient resource utilization, with an estimated average
      saving of approximately 81% in sealing material costs. For packaging materials such as wood and wooden boxes, the
      Group has formulated the “Management Measures for the Recycling of Wooden Packaging Materials” (《木質包裝材料循
      環利用管理辦法》) and established comprehensive standards for the identification, classification, and reuse of packaging
      materials. These guidelines instruct operational personnel on the safe and compliant secondary utilization of recyclable
      wood and wooden boxes. During the Reporting Period, we achieved savings of approximately 540.19 cubic meters of
      wood.




100       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Oil and gas resources

The Group’s daily operations involve the use of oil and gas resources, mainly including the use of diesel fuel for forklift
trucks, gasoline and diesel fuel for corporate vehicles and commuter shuttles, natural gas for heat treatment furnaces,
natural gas for cooking in canteens and natural gas for boiler room operations. In order to save resources, enhance energy
efficiency and reduce energy wastage and pollutant emissions, the Group has established an energy efficiency monitoring
and management system within its factories to monitor energy consumption in each production process in real time.
The Group undertakes energy-saving renovations and intelligent upgrades of production equipment, adopts advanced
technologies and processes to enhance energy utilization efficiency, upgrades high energy-consuming equipment, and
introduces advanced automated welding technologies and intelligent equipment to improve production efficiency. The
Group also implements energy-saving optimization measures across different manufacturing bases, such as procuring new
energy forklifts to replace traditional diesel forklifts at the Nantong manufacturing base, utilizing new energy handling
vehicles and upgrading lighting fixtures to LED energy-saving lamps at the Malaysia manufacturing base, and introducing
automated guided vehicles for warehouse operations and for inter-process transportation within workshops at the
Changshu manufacturing base. Through the aforesaid measures, the Group has been able to effectively achieve its energy
efficiency goals.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s source consumed data is as follows:

 Category             Name                   Consumption     Unit        Intensity   Intensity Unit


 Water, electricity   Water                     960,162.00   tonnes         138.05   tonnes/RMB million revenue
  and gas
                      Purchased grid             24,037.15   thousand         3.46   thousand kW·h/RMB million revenue
                        electricity                             kW·h
                      Consumption of             10,692.93   thousand         1.54   thousand kW·h/RMB million revenue
                        on-site solar                           kW·h
                        photovoltaic
                        electricity
                      Natural gas                  301.73    10,000m3         0.04   10,000m3/RMB million revenue
 Paper                Printing paper                 23.47   tonnes             —    tonnes/RMB million revenue
 Packaging            Rain-proof cloth/bag      614,428.93   m2              88.34   m2/RMB million revenue
   materials
                      Wooden board/              43,341.59   m2               6.23   m2/RMB million revenue
                         wooden box
                      Wooden cubes/               1,144.84   m3               0.16   m3/RMB million revenue
                         wooden brackets
                      Iron saddle/frame           2,592.86   tonnes           0.37   tonnes/RMB million revenue
                      Tray                       22,956.83   m2               3.30   m2/RMB million revenue
                      Drying agent               19,384.00   kg               2.79   kg/RMB million revenue
                      Packing tape/plywood        9,252.44   m                1.33   m/RMB million revenue
                         tape
 Fuel consumption     Petrol                     96,582.83   litre           13.89   litre/km
                      Diesel                    219,555.46   litre           31.57   litre/RMB million revenue




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   101
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Environmental and natural resources

      The Group is not in a highly polluting industry. Its production technology and processes do not involve significant pollution
      emissions and its business does not involve direct access to natural resources. However, the Group still attaches great
      importance to environmental protection and resource conservation, and focuses on environmental protection-related
      investments to mitigate the potential impact of its operations on the environment and natural resources. During the
      Reporting Period, the Group’s environmental protection expenses were mainly related to two aspects: (1) environmental
      protection tax and emission fees of approximately RMB50,700; and (2) environmental protection-related external service
      fees of approximately RMB966,300.


      SOCIAL PERFORMANCE

      Employment Policy and Care for Employees

      Human resources are considered to be a valuable asset of the Group as employees play an important role in providing
      design and development, processing and manufacturing, value-added services and customer liaison.

      The Group strictly complies with the relevant employment laws and regulations in the places where it operates, and has
      established regulations and systems such as the Employee Handbook (《員工手冊》), the Recruitment Management System
      (《招聘管理制度》) and the Holiday Management System (《節假日管理辦法》). To promote a quality and diverse team,
      the Group provides equal opportunities to its employees in recruitment, training and development, job promotion and
      remuneration and benefits. The Group not only recruits in the society, but also in various institutions of higher education
      and professional schools. The Group will consider a number of factors when recruiting employees, including but not
      limited to their experience in related industries, major, education background and the Group’s business needs, but the
      Group’s recruitment will not be affected by age, gender, marital and family status, race, skin color, region, nationality,
      religious belief and political affiliation. The Group provides employees with rich job opportunities according to the positions
      of different nature, including domestic and overseas job opportunities. The Group has also set up open promotion
      channels for different business lines and positions to assist employees in their personal career planning and development,
      and strive to achieve a win-win situation for the Company and the employees. When an employee resigns, the Group
      will organize work handover in accordance with the regulations, and each process will be reviewed and signed by the
      corresponding person in charge; the Group will also get to understand the reasons for the employee’s resignation through
      the relevant person in charge, listen to the opinions of the employees, and continuously improve the level of operation and
      management.




102      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




The Group has formulated a sound performance appraisal system and policies on remuneration and benefits of the
employees, and implemented a performance appraisal method that integrates the “Balanced Score Card (BSC)” and “Key
Performance Indicator (KPI)” to conduct monthly, semi-annual and annual work performance assessments on employees
under the principles of fairness and justice and in accordance with the prescribed operating procedures, so as to make
comprehensive assessments on the employees’ work performance, business capabilities, etc., and take the assessment
results as an important basis for renewal of employment/dismissal, bonus distribution, salary adjustment, job promotion,
and selection and evaluation of employees. The Group pays labour remunerations to employees on time and in full every
month, and pays various insurances according to law, and provides employees with various allowances (job allowance,
qualification allowance, high temperature allowance, etc.), subsidies (rental subsidies, night shift subsidies, etc.), gift
money, consolation money, assessment bonuses and year-end bonuses and other remuneration and benefits. Additionally,
the Group offers benefits such as long-service awards, festive activities, and psychological counseling. For employees
who meet specific conditions, the Group will provide them with supplementary pensions and commercial insurance for
accidents, critical illnesses, and health; for employees who have served the Group for a long time and made outstanding
contributions, the Group will provide additional rewards in kind or in cash. The Group strictly complies with the applicable
laws and regulations regarding working hours in the locations where it operates. It also attaches great importance to
the reasonable arrangement of workload and working hours, guarantees employees’ rights to rest and vacation, strictly
controls the approval of overtime applications, and prevents overtime hours exceeding the legal standards; in addition to
public holidays and rest days, the Group provides employees with annual leave, marriage leave, maternity leave, sick leave,
personal leave, condolence leave and family leave.

As at 31 December 2025, the total number of employees of the Group was 4,820 and the composition of employees is
summarized in the table below.

Employment of active employees by age and gender:

                                                                                                                        Total
                             30 and                                         51 and                                 number of
 Classification              below               31–40            41–50      above            Male          Female employees


 Age                           1,302             1,955            1,113           450              /                 /             4,820
 Gender                            /                 /                /             /         3,862               958              4,820

Employment of active employees by region:

                                                                                                                                       Total
                                                                                    Hong                                          number of
 Classification   Shanghai    Jiangsu Shandong   Sweden   India     Japan   USA     Kong    Italy   Mexico Singapore   Malaysia   employees


 Region              1,234      3,083       43       15     88         43    14         1      6       19         19        255        4,820




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025           103
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Employment of active employees by employment type:

                                                                                                                        Total number of
       Classification                                                         Permanent                Contract               employees


       Employment type                                                                 4,671                      149                     4,820

  During the Reporting Period, the Group has been upholding a people-oriented management philosophy and has launched
  various caring activities such as staff medical check-ups, staff birthday parties every month, housekeeping services, caring
  vehicles, festive activities, etc. Donations have been raised for employees in difficulties or suffering from illnesses. With the
  above, the Group demonstrated love and care to its employees from their work to their lives in hopes of increasing the
  satisfaction and sense of belonging of its employees. In order to help families with both parents working with the Group
  solve the problem of unattended children during summer vacation, the Group has held 8 consecutive sessions of summer
  care classes, which was one of the first batch of “Employee Parent-Child Studios (職工親子工作室)” listed by the Shanghai
  Federation of Trade Unions (上海市總工會), and won the title of “Loving Summer Care School of National Trade Union (全
  國工會愛心暑託班)”. In order to consolidate and promote the construction of a gender equality mechanism, solve female
  employees’ worries about the work after childbirth, and provide pregnant and breastfeeding female employees with a more
  comfortable place to rest, the Group has established a “mother and baby room”, which has served more than 40 working
  mothers and has been awarded the honorary titles of “Four-Star Loving Mommy House (四星級愛心媽咪小屋)” and “Top
  10 Loving Mommy House in Pudong New District (浦東新區十佳愛心媽咪小屋)” by the Female Workers Committee of
  the Shanghai Federation of Trade Unions successively. To enhance employee well-being, the Group conducted specialized
  satisfaction surveys on daily matters such as cleaning, catering, security, and commuter shuttle services. Based on employee
  feedback, relevant services were promptly optimized. Nevertheless, given the persistent challenges and intense competition
  in recruiting and retaining employees within the industry, 561 employees left the Group during the Reporting Period (the
  “Former Employees”), and the relevant information of the Former Employees is as follows:

  Former Employees by age and gender:

                                                                                                                               Total
                                 30 and                                               51 and                              number of
       Classification            below             31–40              41–50            above         Male          Female employees


       Age                              244             203              79               35             /                  /                561
       Gender                             /               /               /                /          506                 55                 561

  Former Employees by region:

                                                                                                                                   Total number of
       Classification        Shanghai         Jiangsu         India           Japan            USA    Singapore         Malaysia         employees


       Region                     119             326           22                2              3            7               82               561




104       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Occupational health and safety policies

The Group is concerned about the well-being of its employees and is committed to providing a safe, healthy and secure
working environment for them. The Group complies with the relevant occupational health and safety regulations in the
regions in which it operates, has formulated a series of management systems including the Management Regulations
on Occupational Health and Safety (《職業健康安全管理規定》), the Management System for Occupational Health
Monitoring and Filing (《職業健康監護及檔案管理制度》), the Management Regulations on Labour Protection Articles
(《勞動防護用品管理規定》), the Management System for Safety Production (《安全生產管理制度》), the Procedures for
Equipment Operation Safety (《設備安全操作規程》) and the Management System for Shift Handover Safety (《交接班
安全管理制度》), and has established and certified an occupational health and safety management system that meets
the requirements of the ISO 45001:2018 standard, and introduced “5S” (i.e. Seiri (sorting), Seiton (rectification), Seisou
(clearing), Seiketu (cleaning) and Shitsuke (quality)) management activities to standardize work processes, ensure work
safety, and maintain a harmonious management atmosphere. The Group has established a safety management committee
and an HSE department, which are specifically responsible for managing issues related to environmental protection
and safety production. The Group identifies and summarizes risk factors from the aspects of operation area, operation
content, accident type and possible hazards, and evaluates the risk levels based on the possibility, frequency, consequence
and degree of danger of these risk factors. According to different risk levels, the Group strictly implements relevant
management systems to ensure the occupational health and safety of employees during safe operation. At the same time,
in order to prevent the occurrence of danger, the Group has installed safety devices on equipment and systems, established
authorization protocols for operational procedures, and implemented a comprehensive alarm mechanism to provide timely
warnings for various risks and abnormal conditions.

The Group regularly and irregularly conducts safety education and training and emergency drills, including safety education
for those who return to work and are assigned to different positions, safety education for special types of work, daily
safety education, training on emergency response to extreme weather and confined space emergency rescue drills.
The Group requires that employees who have not received safety education, on-the-job training, or failed to pass the
training and assessment shall not be allowed to work, so as to further ensure the safety of employees in the production
process. The Group organizes employees to carry out health checkups every year, and establishes employee health files.
The Group organizes occupational disease checkups for employees of special types of work and strictly implements the
Responsibility System for Prevention and Control of Occupational Disease Hazards (《職業病危害防治責任制度》), Warning
and Notification System (《警示與告知制度》), Occupational Disease Hazards Disposal and Reporting System (《職業病
危害事故處置與報告制度》) and other management systems. For outsiders, the Group requires that they must receive
safety training and risk prevention introduction before entering the workshop. The Group also arranges construction safety
training, on-site physical examination, and purchase of insurance for the personnel who stay with suppliers. In addition to
internal training, the Group hires external lecturers to introduce the latest HSE-related policies and requirements every year,
and puts forward issues that need special attention or can be improved based on the actual situation in the work, thereby
effectively improving the safety awareness of employees and the level of corporate safety management.

During the Reporting Period, the Group had 11 work-related accidents, resulting in a total of approximately 747 lost
working days due to work-related injuries. In the past three years (including the Reporting Period), the Group recorded
1 work-related fatality. Specifically, there was one work-related fatality in 2025, zero in 2024, and zero in 2023. During
the Reporting Period, the Group recorded one work-related fatality, which was primarily attributable to the employee‘s
violation of operating procedures by working without prior reporting or necessary supervision.

In order to thoroughly reflect on and prevent the recurrence of such incidents, the Group has conducted in-depth reviews
and implemented enhancements in four key areas: specialized operational procedures, on-site safety warnings, emergency
self-rescue equipment, and employee safety training, with the aim of strengthening safety risk controls for confined space
operations and all other hazardous tasks.



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   105
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Human Capital Development and Training Policy

      As a valuable asset of the enterprise, employees are vital to the growth and success of the enterprise. The Group has
      formulated an effective talent strategy, details of which can be found in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section
      of this annual report. The Group has formulated the Employee Education and Training Management System (《員工教育培
      訓管理制度》) and set up a dedicated department, the Training Center, to coordinate training resources, formulate annual
      training plans, and organize various forms of internal and external training. At the end of each year, the head of each
      department of the Group will formulate the training plan for the following year according to the business development
      needs and organize various training within the department.

      The Group not only provides training to its employees in all aspects of business operations, including work safety, sales
      and marketing, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, technical skills, product quality and management, but
      also provides training related to career development planning to create a learning organization with continuous learning
      and growth for all employees with the goal of mutual development of both employees and the Group. In 2018, the Group
      established an internal training organization, Morimatsu University, which aims to uphold legacy including corporate culture
      and values, transmission of technology, management and business wisdom, cultivate and improve employees’ work skills
      and management talents, and grow the Group’s talent pool. In addition to the Group’s internal senior management and
      technical staff, Morimatsu University also employs professionals in related fields or professors and lecturers from renowned
      universities. The Group organises 1 to 2 sessions of youth cadre training classes and senior management reserve classes
      annually, with each lasting about half a year. We will invite external or internal lecturers to deliver courses on various topics.
      These courses are aimed at developing the participants’ learning capabilities and management skills, enabling them to
      gradually become the management of the Group. In addition, the Group encourages and supports employees to pursue
      further education at universities in China and abroad, and encourages them to obtain relevant professional qualifications.
      Where eligible, the Group will provide financial assistance for tuition fees, training costs, and examination fees.

      The employee training data is as follows:

                                                                                         Percentage of           Average training
                                                                       Category      employees trained                      hours


       Employee training by gender                                 Male employees                    100%        15.72 hour(s)/person
                                                                 Female employees                    100%        18.25 hour(s)/person
       Employee training by job level                        Employees engaged in                    100%        15.67 hour(s)/person
                                                                   production work
                                                            Employees not engaged                    100%        16.53 hour(s)/person
                                                                in production work

      Labour Standards

      The Group abides by the applicable laws and regulations on employment, protection of minors, prohibition of child labour
      and prohibition of forced labour in the regions where it operates. The Group has formulated management systems such as
      the Recruitment Management Procedures (《招聘管理流程》) and the Employee Handbook (《員工手冊》), and regularly
      reviews its recruitment systems, procedures and documentation to avoid child labour and forced labour. During the
      Reporting Period, the Group had no incidents of child labour or forced labour.




106      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Supply Chain Management

Pursuant to the Supplier Development Procedures (《供應商開發程序》), Procedures for Handling Quality Issues of
Suppliers (《供應商質量問題處理流程》), Regulations on the Management of Purchasing Inquiry and Comparison
(《採購詢價比價管理規定》), Purchasing and Tendering System (《採購招標制度》) and other management systems, the
Group has established strict selection and admission criteria for suppliers of raw materials and components through its
Supplier Relationship Management Platform (SRM Platform). These criteria encompass multiple factors such as business
qualifications, product quality, pricing, supply chain stability, financial standing, compliance performance, commercial
reputation, and ESG considerations. The Supplier Comprehensive Capability Evaluation Form (《供應商綜合能力評審表》) is
prepared and scored according to the scoring criteria. Only potential suppliers that meet the Group’s selection criteria are
admitted into its qualified suppliers list. The Group has entered into framework agreements with some of its better-qualified
suppliers and subcontractors for common parts, consumables, welding consumables, outsourced processing to establish
stable and long-term business relationships.

The Group classifies suppliers based on the purpose and frequency of purchasing materials from suppliers as well as the
impacts of the purchased material on the quality of its products. We regularly re-assess existing suppliers based on their
supply performance, with a focus on their performance in environmental protection (including the use of environment
friendly products/services), employee workplace, employee relations, labour protection, etc. For suppliers who fail to pass
the annual assessment, the Group will give them a chance to rectify the situation and will organise a re-assessment after
the suppliers have completed the rectification. If those suppliers fail to pass the re-assessment, the Group will remove them
from the list of qualified suppliers. For the existing suppliers who have interrupted supply and demand relationship for 12
months or more, or whose products have been supplied with significant quality issues or serious defaults, the Group will
remove them during the regular assessment, and will conduct on-site inspections when considering re-admittance.

The Group integrates the concept of sustainable supply chain into supplier management, and conducts ESG inspections
and management of suppliers in the dimensions of environmental management, anti-corruption and integrity, and labour
management. We have formulated the Supplier Code of Conduct (《供應商行為準則》) and require suppliers to comply
with the Group’s Supplier Code of Conduct when cooperating with them. We have also signed integrity cooperation
agreements with suppliers to encourage them to use more environmentally-friendly products and services in the production
and construction processes, strengthen integrity and self-discipline and take into account both environmental and social
responsibilities. For subcontractors, the Group has formulated the Management Regulations on Contractors’ HSE Review
(《承包商HSE評審管理規定》), which requires all subcontractors to sign the Occupational Health, Safety, and
Environmental Protection Agreement (《職業健康、安全、環保協議書》), and conducts regular HSE review on them.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had approximately 2,525 suppliers related to production activities, to whom the
Group had implemented the aforesaid engagement and review policy. Among them, approximately 1,609 were domestic
suppliers in China and approximately 916 were overseas suppliers. The domestic suppliers include 15 in Northeast China,
79 in North China, 1,402 in East China, 53 in South China, 32 in Central China, 19 in Northwest China and 9 in Southwest
China. Overseas suppliers are mainly located in 7 countries, namely USA, Japan, Germany, Switzerland, Singapore, the
United Kingdom, and Malaysia.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   107
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Product Responsibility

  The Group strictly adheres to the applicable laws and regulations governing product liability, advertising, labelling,
  and privacy protection in the regions where it operates. The Group’s product quality control system has passed
  the certification of ISO 9001:2015. For core equipment, the Group has established systems including the Pressure
  Vessel Design Management System (《 壓力容器設計管理制度》), Production Process Control (《生產過程控制》) and
  Non-destructive Testing Control (《無損檢測控制》). For modular factories, the Group has developed systems including the
  Standard Operational Procedures for Modular Process Design (《模塊工藝設計標準作業程序》), Operational Guidance for
  Pipeline Layout Design (《管道佈置設計作業指導書》) and Standard Operational Procedures for Modular Assembly Design
  (《模塊總裝設計標準作業程序》). To ensure effective implementation of product quality control, we have established
  management systems including the Quality Management System Requirements (《質量管理體系要求》), Quality
  Management System Documentation (《質量管理體系文件》), Quality Management Handbook (《質量管理手冊》), Quality
  Control Handbook (《質量控制手冊》), the Projects Management Procedures (《項目管理程序》) and the Regulations for
  Point-based Quality Assessment (《質量積分考核規定》). Concurrently, the Group actively employs digital systems including
  the iMES management platform, Total Quality Management (TQM) platform, Non-destructive Examination (NDE) reporting
  platform, and Physical and Chemical Testing reporting platform to implement full lifecycle quality control. This encompasses
  all stages from sales quotations, project planning, project design and procurement, construction and installation, final
  project inspection, to project delivery.

  The Group conducts annual internal and external audits on product quality, organises quality control training programmes,
  compiles monthly statistics on quality concerns and improvement proposals submitted by staff, and rewards outstanding
  proposals and exemplary conduct.

  The products sold by the Group are all non-standard products customized by customers. Benefiting from the continuous
  communication with customers during the design, construction and acceptance of projects, the Group did not have any
  recalls of sold or delivered products for safety and health reasons during the Reporting Period.

  The Group employs an integrated customer relationship management system (CRM system) to centrally manage customer
  information, sales and service records, while supporting the streamlined execution of marketing campaigns. This enhances
  the efficiency and standardisation of customer service delivery. The Group distributes the Customer Satisfaction Survey
  Forms (《顧客滿意度調查表》) to customers every year to collect customer feedback. The assessment satisfaction is divided
  into A, i.e. very satisfied, B, i.e. satisfied, C, i.e. average, D, i.e. relatively dissatisfied, E, i.e. dissatisfied and non-response.
  During the Reporting Period, the Group distributed the Customer Satisfaction Survey Forms, a total of 2,176 evaluation
  items were surveyed, of which 24 were rated as “non-response”, and the remaining satisfaction results were: 72% were
  rated as A, i.e. very satisfied; 24% were rated as B, i.e. satisfied; 2% were rated as C, i.e. average; and 1% were rated
  as D, i.e. relatively dissatisfied; and 0% were rated as E, i.e. dissatisfied, and the overall customer satisfaction rate was
  96%. The Group has set up an after-sales service department specifically responsible for addressing to complaints from
  customers. During the Reporting Period, the general complaints handling rate reached 100%, with 0 major complaints
  received regarding products and services. After receiving the complaints from customers, the after-sales service department
  will detailedly record, analyze and address related issues, conduct on-site investigation or product testing if necessary, work
  with the relevant departments to formulate effective solutions, such as product replacement, repairment or provision of
  alternatives, etc. Upon confirmation and consent of the customer, the Group will implement the solutions and maintain
  communication with the customer during the process to ensure that the complaints are resolved. Upon completion of
  complaint handling, the Group will determine the responsibility, identify the specific department responsible, formulate
  preventive and corrective measures, provide training to relevant personnel, and improve product design and production
  processes when necessary to prevent the recurrence of the problem.

  During the Reporting Period, there were no incidents of false advertising and misrepresentation in respect of advertising and
  labelling by the Group.


108     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Protection of Intellectual Property Rights

In order to better serve our customers and enhance the competitiveness of our products, the Group attaches great
importance to the development and maintenance of intellectual property rights. The Group has formulated internal
management systems such as the Administrative Measures for Intellectual Property Rights (《知識產權管理辦法》), the
Intellectual Property Reward Policy (《知識產權獎勵制度》), and established an intellectual property rights management
team, which is composed of dedicated staff and representatives from each research and development project group, to
continuously enhance the Group’s independent innovation capabilities. During its business operation, the Group respects
the intellectual property rights of other companies or individuals, and also actively develops and protects the Group’s
intellectual property rights through technology exploration and patent applications.

During the Reporting Period, there was no material infringement of intellectual property rights by the Group and the Group
believes that it has taken all reasonable measures to prevent any infringement of its own intellectual property rights and
those of third parties.

Data Protection and Privacy Policies

The Group is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers, employees, partners and suppliers by maintaining
a secure and reliable data retention environment. The Group has formulated a Confidentiality Implementation Policy
(《保密工作實施細則》), pursuant to which the confidentiality working group is responsible for the daily coordination,
supervision and inspection of confidentiality to ensure the highest standards of data security and protection. The Group’s
employees can only access the relevant confidential information within the scope of their duties and have the obligation
and responsibility to keep such information confidential.

The Group’s information management department is responsible for standardizing the Group’s computer user accounts,
passwords and hardware and software configurations to prevent unauthorized access to confidential information by
employees.

The Group has established an information security management system and framework, and has passed the ISO/
IEC 27001:2013 information security management system certification and certification review, formulated internal
management systems such as the Information Security Policy and Strategy (《信息安全方針和策略》), the Administrative
Measures for Data Security (《數據安全管理辦法》) and the Reporting Requirements for Information Security (《信息安全報
告規定》), established an information security management division under the information management department and
conducted information security training for employees on a regular basis to further strengthen the security of the Group’s
information and data systems. To continuously enhance the security resilience of information systems and incident response
capabilities, the Group has established a routine information security emergency drill mechanism. Practical simulation
exercises are conducted focusing on high-risk scenarios such as data breaches, malware attacks, and core system failures.
Measures including the deployment of antivirus software, implementation of cloud-based data backup, and access controls
have been implemented to strengthen the security protection of information systems.

During the Reporting Period, all personal information and business data collected in the Group’s operating and business
activities were properly collated and protected, and no significant information security and data leakage incidents occurred.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   109
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Anti-corruption policies

  The Group is committed to supporting its corporate values by adhering to the highest standards of business ethics, integrity
  and fairness in the management of all its businesses. The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations related to
  business ethics in the places where it operates, and has formulated management mechanisms such as the Code of Business
  Conduct (《企業行為準則》), Honest Agreement (《廉潔協議》), the Letter of Commitment of Honest and Self-discipline
  (《廉潔自律承諾書》), Confidentiality Agreement (《保密協議》), Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Management System
  (《反賄賂及反腐敗管理制度》), and Anti-fraud Management System (《反舞弊管理制度》), requiring all Directors,
  management and employees to abide by ethical rules when engaging in the Group’s business activities and must not
  engage in any act of fraud, extortion, bribery and money laundering, and must not solicit and accept benefits from, or offer
  benefits to, customers, contractors, suppliers or persons with whom the Group has business relationships. To prevent risks
  related to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, the Group has taken the following measures:

  •         Clearly sets out the code of conduct related to anti-corruption and anti-bribery for employees.

  •         Implement adequate financial controls and strictly comply with segregation of duties and authorization approval
            requirements for payment disbursements.

  •         Strengthen controls in non-financial areas such as procurement, operation, sales, human resources, legal and
            regulatory activities. For example, for sales activities, at least two persons are required to participate in bid evaluation
            and signing of sales contracts; for procurement activities, more than two bidders are required to conduct fair and
            transparent bidding before confirming suppliers and signing procurement contracts; and strict registration and
            approval management shall be implemented for activities like offering gifts and business entertainment.

  •         Require business partners to implement anti-bribery control measures, sign integrity agreements with suppliers, and
            require business partners to make anti-bribery commitments.

  •         Sign the Letter of Commitment of Honest and Self-discipline (《廉潔自律承諾書》) with employees, and employees
            are required to regularly report conflicts of interest such as external investment.

  •         Regularly conduct education and training on anti-corruption and anti-bribery to raise the awareness of
            anticorruption and anti-bribery compliance among directors and employees.

  •         Conduct regular integrity review on high-risk projects, activities, business partners, employees in specific positions,
            etc.

  •         Establish a Whistleblowing Management System (《舉報管理制度》) to encourage employees, business partners and
            other stakeholders to report intended, suspected or actual acts of fraud, extortion, bribery and money laundering
            through channels such as the whistleblowing hotline, general manager mailbox and audit committee mailbox.




110     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Environmental, Social and Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, there were no cases of corruption litigation against the Group or its employees and there were
no improper business practices in the Group’s business activities. The anti-corruption training conducted by the Group is set
out in the table below:

                                                                                 Numbers of            Average training
 Category                                                                  employees trained                      hours


 Anti-corruption training for directors                                                         9             1 hour/person
 Anti-corruption training for staff other than directors                                      487             1 hour/person

Community investment

The Group actively participates in community construction and social welfare, and strives to build a harmonious relationship
with the community to achieve the harmonious development of the enterprise and the community. In China, the Group,
East China University of Science and Technology and Zhengzhou University have set up the “Morimatsu Class”, which not
only provides scholarships and corporate internship opportunities for the students of the “Morimatsu Class”, but also sends
experienced engineers to give lectures, and share cutting-edge technologies and industry development trends, striving to
break through the academic and professional barriers of colleges and universities, and cultivate cross-sector talents who are
proficient in interdisciplinary knowledge for the entire industry; the Group cooperates with Shanghai Jiaotong University,
East China University of Science and Technology and other colleges and universities for research and development, to,
on the one hand, provide a practical platform for theoretical research and technical practice in colleges and universities,
and, on the other hand, improve the research and development capabilities and efficiency of the Group, optimize the
design of pressure equipment, improve product quality, and maintain a competitive advantage; the Group provides
student internship positions to institutions including East China University of Science and Technology, Shanghai Institute of
Technology, Jiangsu Maritime Institute, Rugao Senior Technical School and etc., providing training opportunities for college
students to practice theories. During the Reporting Period, the Group made a series of donations to universities at home and
abroad for related industry, colleges and research projects. Among them, the Group donated around RMB1.7705 million to
the Shanghai Zhongqiao Vocational and Technical University Educational Development Foundation, Kagoshima University
and other colleges and universities, and donated around RMB71,230 to the society.

During the Reporting Period, in response to the Chinese government’s call for international vocational education
cooperation under the Belt and Road Initiative and as part of our commitment to community engagement, the Group
systematically supported the development of skilled young talent in Malaysia through the establishment of the Morimatsu-
Chinese Overseas International Class Talent Project in collaboration with Shanghai Zhongqiao Vocational And Technical
University. We not only provide Malaysian students with opportunities for professional study and industrial practice, but
are also committed to integrating advanced technology and educational experience into the local context. This supports
Malaysia in building a sustainable local talent ecosystem, contributing long-term value to regional economic and social
development. The Group also encourages employees to participate in social welfare and charitable activities during their
leisure time, leveraging their individual strengths.

During the Reporting Period, the Group cumulatively invested approximately RMB1.84 million in social welfare initiatives,
with employees contributing over 100 hours of volunteer service time.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   111
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      The Group actively participates in industry associations and industry exchange activities. The Group serves as the Vice
      Chairman Unit of the Jiangsu Petrochemical Equipment Industry Association; a Standing Council Member Unit of the
      China Chemical Industrial Equipment Association; a Council Member Unit of the Shanghai Producer Services Promotion
      Association; the Vice Chairman Unit of the Shanghai Society of Biochemistry; a Member Unit of the Shanghai Intelligent
      Manufacturing Industry Association, the Shanghai Biomedical Industry Association, the Shanghai Synthetic Biology Industry
      Association, the China Petroleum and Chemical Engineering Survey and Design Association, the China Association of the
      National Shipbuilding Industry, the China Chemical Fibers Association, and the Pressure Vessel and Piping Professional
      Committee of the Shanghai Society of Mechanical Engineering.


      CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURE

      The Group proactively manage the issues related to climate change, in particular, it effectively implements risk control
      mechanism to identify and manage climate risks and opportunities on an ongoing basis, enhances its resilience to climate
      risks, and seizes market opportunities arising from low-carbon transformation, aiming to build its sustainable core
      competitiveness.

      Governance Structure

      The Board of the Company is the highest governance body supervising the Group’s climate-related risks and opportunities,
      responsible for overseeing the Group’s strategies for addressing climate-related risks and opportunities. The Group has
      established an ESG management team as the governance execution body, which is led by Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka, an
      Executive Director, and consists of the heads of the Group’s ESG-related departments, covering multiple functional areas
      including environmental and climate management, risk management, and corporate governance. It comprehensively
      coordinates the planning and implementation of climate change-related work and reports regularly to the Board. The
      Group has established ESG working groups in the life science business unit and energy and materials business unit, which
      are composed of the heads of ESG-related departments from respective business units and are dedicated to ensuring the
      execution and implementation of the Group’s policies and measures for addressing climate-related risks and opportunities
      under the leadership and supervision of the ESG management team.

      During the Reporting Period, our ESG management team engaged an external third-party advisor to conduct analysis and
      training on addressing climate change, besides, it also regularly conducted special discussions and exchanges on climate-
      related risks and opportunities, and carbon emission management, to ensure that our management possesses appropriate
      skills and competence for supervising the strategies for addressing climate-related risks and opportunities. The ESG
      management team regularly reported the progress and achievements regarding climate-related works to the Board for its
      review and confirmation, and made recommendations to the Board for its consideration and assessment on how to take
      climate-related risks and opportunities into consideration when making business strategies, significant transaction decisions
      and conducting risk management, as well as how to set working goals on climate-related risks and opportunities.




112      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Climate-related Risks, Opportunities, Strategies and Decisions

The Group strictly complies with Part D of Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code as set out in Appendix C2
to the Listing Rules, it adopts climate scenarios of SSP1–2.6 and SSP2–4.5 under the Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSP)
of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) to assess physical risks with reference to industry benchmarking
results. Concurrently, with reference to the Current Policies Scenario (CPS) and Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE)
framework of International Energy Agency (IEA), the Group comprehensively analyzes climate-related transition risks and
potential development opportunities, ensuring that it manages climate-related risks and opportunities in a forward-looking
and scientific manner. The following table sets out the details of the climate scenarios selected by the Group:

               Scenario Selection for Climate-related                               Scenario Selection for Climate-
               Physical Risks                                                       related Transition Risks


SSP1–2.6       SSP1-RCP 2.6 represents a low-emission scenario       IEA NZE        The Net Zero Emissions by 2050
               that aims to keep the increment in global average                    Scenario (NZE) is a normative pathway
               temperature during the 21st century likely below                     proposed by the IEA, requiring the
               2°C above pre-industrial levels, while striving to                   energy sector to achieve net zero
               approach the objective of an increment of 1.5°C.                     emission by 2050 without relying on
               This scenario requires the global implementation                     external offsets.
               of robust climate policies, including significantly
               reducing the use of fossil fuels, improving energy
               efficiency, and promoting renewable energy.

SSP2–4.5       SSP2–4.5 represents a medium-emission                 IEA CPS        The Current Policies Scenario (CPS) is
               scenario that assumes the implementation of                          a baseline scenario strictly based on
               certain emission reduction measures, but global                      existing laws and regulations. It depicts
               greenhouse gas emissions will still peak around                      a possible development path for the
               mid-century and then gradually decline. Under                        global energy system assuming that
               this scenario, it is expected that the global average                government policies are completely
               temperature will rise by approximately 2.4°C to                      frozen as of today.
               3.0°C by 2100. SSP2–4.5 represents a possible
               trajectory of greenhouse gas emissions in the future
               in the absence of achieving the more ambitious
               objectives of the Paris Agreement.

Taking into account the historical climate profile in the locations where the Group operates, the adaptability and resilience
of each of the Group’s business entities in responding to climate risks, together with the Group’s current financial
investment and future business plans, and with reference to the Group’s current management on climate-related risks
and opportunities, the Group has selected the locations of its manufacturing bases (including Shanghai, Nantong and
Changshu in China, as well as Pengerang in Malaysia) and relevant operating entities as places where climate-related risks
and opportunities are concentrated for focused analysis.

Considering the Group’s strategic development schedule, we have selected three timeframes for analysis: short-term
(2025–2027), medium-term (2027–2035) and long-term (2035–2050), to assess climate-related risks and opportunities
across different timeframes.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025       113
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Based on the selected scenarios and timeframes above, the Group has assessed the business nature of its industry and
      its strategic development schedule. With reference to the application guidance set out in Appendix B to IFRS S2 Climate-
      related Disclosures and the implementation guidance published by the Stock Exchange on it’s website, and taking into
      account guidance from mainstream rating agencies, peer practices, and recommendations from external third-party
      advisors, the Group has identified climate-related risks and opportunities that could affect the Group’s cash flows, financing
      channels, or cost of capital over the short, medium, or long term, assessed the current and anticipated impacts of various
      risks and opportunities on the Group’s business model and value chain, and prepared a list of climate-related risks and
      opportunities as follows. Based on the management’s prudent assessment, it is anticipated that climate-related risks
      and opportunities will not have a material financial impact on the Group in the short term. Meanwhile, due to practical
      constraints in obtaining and quantifying climate-related financial data, the Group has not conducted a specific financial
      impact analysis on climate-related issues nor adopted a carbon pricing mechanism for carbon management during the
      Reporting Period.

      The Group will further assess the expected financial impacts of climate-related physical risks, transition risks, and
      opportunities on assets/business activities, as well as the amounts of associated capital expenditures, financing, or
      investments. Simultaneously, the Group will further evaluate the anticipated financial effects of climate-related matters on
      its financial position, financial performance, and cash flows, with the aim of better incorporating these into the Group’s
      overall risk management processes. We will also continue to monitor relevant policies and market developments, and
      incorporate carbon pricing factors in future scenario updates in a timely manner to enhance the comprehensiveness and
      foresight of our analysis.

      Climate-related Physical Risks of the Group:

                                               Short-   Medium- Long-
                                    Climate    term     term    term
       Type of Physical Risks       Scenario   Impact   Impact  Impact                                   Risk Description and Response Strategies

       Acute Climate      Typhoon   RCP2.6     low      low      low      The frequency and severity of extreme weather events, •      Risk Avoidance: During the project planning and
          Risk                                                            such as floods, typhoons, and droughts, will increase as     construction phase, the Group incorporates climate
                                    RCP4.5     low      low      low      a result of climate change:                                  risk factors into the comprehensive assessment
                          Floods    RCP2.6     medium   medium   medium                                                                system, and prioritizes the avoidance of areas with
                                    RCP4.5     medium   medium   medium   •     Extreme weather will likely damage factory             high risk for site selection. During the operation phase,
                                                                                production facilities of the Group, resulting in       it implements adaptive modifications to operational
                                                                                economic losses and disruptions in production;         sites or strategic relocation plans when appropriate
                                                                          •     The normal operation of the supply chain               based on the actual impact of climate risks.
                                                                                may be disrupted, and the transportation and •         Early Warning Monitoring: The Group establishes a
                                                                                warehousing of raw materials/finished products         dynamic monitoring mechanism for meteorological
                                                                                may be suspended for extended periods due to           early warnings, initiates graded response measures
                                                                                extreme weather;                                       strictly following the warning levels issued by
                                                                          •     The lives and health of the Group’s employees          meteorological department and in accordance with
                                                                                may be threatened, and production efficiency           its Special Emergency Scheme for Typhoon and Flood
                                                                                and product delivery services cannot be                Prevention (《防颱防汛專項應急預案》), promptly
                                                                                guaranteed;                                            adjusts its production plans and reports to the
                                                                          •     In the long run, climate change will bring chronic     competent authorities at the operating locations.
                                                                                climate risks, such as rising sea levels, which    •   Emergency Management System: The Group
                                                                                will lead to land inundation, transportation           establishes a dedicated emergency management
                                                                                disruptions, and water shortages due to                organization and formulates a Contingency Plan for
                                                                                salinization of water sources, which may have an       Emergency Environmental Incident (《突發環境事件
                                                                                impact on the normal production and operation          應急預案》). It organizes regular specialized training
                                                                                of the Group.                                          on emergency response to extreme weather, to fully
                                                                                                                                       implement the Group’s risk management policies and
                                                                                                                                       emergency response procedures.




114       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                                               Short-   Medium- Long-
                                    Climate    term     term    term
Type of Physical Risks              Scenario   Impact   Impact  Impact                Risk Description and Response Strategies

                                                                                                          •    Operational Protection: The Group continuously
                                                                                                               improves the construction of safety protection
                                                                                                               facilities at operational sites, deploys professional
                                                                                                               emergency equipment and material reserves such
                                                                                                               as flood walls in riverfront areas and drainage
                                                                                                               systems in electrical equipment areas, to effectively
                                                                                                               prevent production safety risks, property loss risks,
                                                                                                               and operational interruption risks. Concurrently, it
                                                                                                               purchases commercial insurance for each operational
                                                                                                               site to build a multi-level risk protection system.
                   Extreme heat     RCP2.6     low      low      low                                     •     Supplies for Heat Prevention and Cooling: The Group
                                    RCP4.5     low      low      medium                                        provides employees with heat prevention medicines,
                                                                                                               salted soda water, mung bean soup, and other cooling
                                                                                                               beverages and supplies, and installs professional
                                                                                                               cooling equipment such as air conditioners, exhaust
                                                                                                               fans, and air coolers in operation areas.
                                                                                                         •     Work Schedule Adjustments during High
                                                                                                               Temperatures: When temperatures reach 35ºC
                                                                                                               or above, the Group adjusts work schedules
                                                                                                               appropriately and extend midday break.
                                                                                                         •     Cooling Measures for Critical Equipment: For areas
                                                                                                               with high-temperature sensitive equipment such
                                                                                                               as electrical control cabinets and main transformer
                                                                                                               rooms, the Group implements professional cooling
                                                                                                               measures including air conditioners, exhaust fans, or
                                                                                                               ice packs.
                                                                                                         •     Equipment Inspection and Maintenance: The Group
                                                                                                               arranges for professional personnel to conduct regular
                                                                                                               inspections of key areas such as electrical distribution
                                                                                                               rooms, to prevent safety hazards such as short circuits
                                                                                                               caused by equipment overload.
Chronic            Water scarcity   RCP2.6     medium   medium   medium                                  •     Digital Management: The Group establishes a digital
   Climate                                                                                                     water resource management system to achieve real-
   Risk                                                                                                        time monitoring and precise control of water usage.
                                    RCP4.5     medium   high     high                                    •     Technology R&D: The Group advances the
                   Rising sea level RCP2.6     low      low      low                                           development and application of water recycling
                                    RCP4.5     low      low      low                                           technologies to reduce its reliance on freshwater
                                                                                                               resources.
                                                                                                         •     Regular Assessment: The Group establishes a regular
                                                                                                               risk assessment mechanism to continuously monitor
                                                                                                               the impact of water scarcity and sea-level rise on
                                                                                                               business operations.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025                     115
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Climate-related Transition Risks of the Group:

                                                  Timeframe            Degree of
       Type of transition risks                   Affected Possibility Impact                                      Risk Description and Response Strategies


       Policies and Laws     Carbon performance   medium-to high       medium-high   Governments of various countries are gradually            •   The Group regularly organizes and implements
                               risk                 long-term                        implementing carbon pricing mechanisms, including             reviews on carbon emissions, comprehensively
                                                                                     carbon taxes and carbon emission trading system,              investigating the carbon emission profiles across
                                                                                     aiming to effectively control greenhouse gas emissions        the corporates.
                                                                                     by increasing the cost of carbon emissions for            •   The Group continues to promote special initiatives
                                                                                     corporates, and to translate national climate goals into      to conserve energy and reduce consumption, to
                                                                                     feasible requirements at the corporate level. Forecast        constantly improve energy efficiency.
                                                                                     data from authoritative research institutions such as the •   The Group establishes a ESG information disclosure
                                                                                     International Energy Agency (IEA) show that the global        mechanism, and regularly issues the ESG reports.
                                                                                     carbon pricing will continue to rise annually.            •   The Group engages external third-party advisor
                             Enhanced emission    short-term   high    medium        Globally, government of various countries and stock           to implement proactive management on potential
                                reporting                                            exchanges will progressively strengthen the disclosure        regulatory risks.
                                obligations                                          requirements on carbon emissions, and corporates are
                                                                                     required to bear the monitoring and auditing costs
                                                                                     accordingly. Any corporate which fails to meet such
                                                                                     requirements will be exposed to the risks including
                                                                                     administrative penalties, regulatory warning and
                                                                                     financing restrictions.
                             Supervision on       medium-to high       high          Any corporate whose existing products and services
                                existing            long-term                        are featured with high carbon footprint, significant
                                products and                                         energy consumption or relatively outdated production
                                services                                             processes may be exposed to the constraints and
                                                                                     regulations of tightening national regulations and
                                                                                     industry standards, and potential risks may be imposed
                                                                                     on normal operation and business growth of those
                                                                                     corporates accordingly.
       Technology            Low-carbon           medium-to high       medium        Industries with high energy consumption and carbon •          The Group actively advances the R&D and
                               technological        long-term                        emissions usually face significant technological barriers     application of sustainable technology solutions.
                               innovation                                            and pressure from R&D investment during the low-          •   The Group consistently increases its investment in
                                                                                     carbon transition, for example, traditional energy            R&D of low-carbon technologies.
                                                                                     enterprises are required to address to the technological •    The Group continuously apply photovoltaic power
                                                                                     upgrades of high-costs and industrialization challenges       generation facilities across its production and
                                                                                     when shifting to new energy businesses.                       operation sites.
                             Energy structure     short-to     high    medium        Low-emission technologies primarily refer to the R&D
                               adjustment           medium-                          and application of emerging technologies such as
                                                    term                             renewable energy, energy storage system, energy
                                                                                     efficiency enhancement and carbon capture and
                                                                                     storage, and related investments cover multiple aspects
                                                                                     including the upgrading of energy-saving equipment,
                                                                                     photovoltaic deployment and processes optimization.




116       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                                             Timeframe            Degree of
Type of transition risks                     Affected Possibility Impact                                         Risk Description and Response Strategies


Market                Changes in customer    short-to    medium      high          Under the trend of low-carbon transformation,              •   The Group establishes a market dynamic
                        behavior               medium-                             corporate clients are gradually tending to choose low-         monitoring mechanism to identify the changing
                                               term                                carbon products. Suppliers fail to meet the emission           trend in customer needs.
                                                                                   reduction requirements may face the risk of customer •         The Group continuously optimizes the low-carbon
                                                                                   churn and order reduction, directly affecting their            profile of its products to improve its market
                                                                                   operating income.                                              competitiveness.
                      Changes in cost of raw short-to    medium-high medium-high   The physical risks brought by low-carbon transition and •      The Group optimizes its procurement strategies by
                        materials              medium-                             climate change may exacerbate the price fluctuations           entering into long-term agreements to stabilize the
                                               term                                of energy-intensive raw materials such as steel, cement,       prices for key raw materials.
                                                                                   and chemicals, thereby driving up the production costs
                                                                                   of enterprises.
                      Uncertainty of market short-to     low         low           During the global low-carbon transition process, factors
                        signals               medium-                              such as policy changes, technological disruption, and
                                              term                                 market realignment may expose the entire industry
                                                                                   to systemic financial risks such as declining revenue,
                                                                                   weakening profitability, rising financing costs, and asset
                                                                                   impairment.
Reputation            Concerns of            short-to    low         low           With the increasing attention of stakeholders such as •        The Group regularly conducts assessment on its
                        stakeholders           long-term                           the government, investors, and customers towards the           ESG management effectiveness, and proactively
                                                                                   low-carbon transition of enterprises, enterprises fail         disclose information related to ESG management
                                                                                   to respond inadequately and trigger negative public            and low-carbon transition.
                                                                                   opinion may be exposed to significant impact on their •        The Group continuously tracks changes in customer
                                                                                   reputation, financing costs, and share price.                  needs, optimizes its product and service solutions,
                      Shifting of consumer   medium-to medium        low           Driven by factors such as climate change response              and timely iterates its products and solutions in
                        preference             long-term                           policies, technological advancement, and rising public         response to shifting customer preference.
                                                                                   environmental awareness, consumer preferences will
                                                                                   undergo structural changes, which may pose potential
                                                                                   risks to the revenue, market share, and long-term
                                                                                   profitability of enterprises.
                      Negative ESG issues    short-to    medium      low           If a major negative event occurs in the environmental,
                                               long-term                           social, or governance aspects of an enterprise, it may
                                                                                   face consequences such as reputational damage,
                                                                                   customer churn, regulatory penalties, and rising
                                                                                   financing costs, materially affecting its financial
                                                                                   position, market value, and long-term development.




                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025                   117
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Climate-related Opportunities of the Group:

       Climate-related                  Timeframe
          Opportunities                   Affected           Transformation Plans


       Energy source                    short-to long-term   •   Accelerate the deployment of distributed photovoltaic systems to reduce energy costs,
                                                                 and maintain a package of green power certificates as a hedge against potential
                                                                 carbon tariffs.
                                                             •   Gradually build a distributed energy network integrating energy storage and intelligent
                                                                 regulation to enhance the utilization efficiency of green power and the stabilization of
                                                                 power supply.
       Resource efficiency              short-to long-term   •   Continuously apply a digital energy and resource management platform to realize the
                                                                 real-time monitoring, analysis and optimization of consumption of key resources.
                                                             •   Continuously research, develop and introduce advanced production processes and
                                                                 energy-saving technologies to improve the utilization efficiency of resources such as
                                                                 energy, water, and materials at the source.
       Product and service              short-to long-term   •   Accelerate the iteration of our core products and services to enhance its
                                                                 competitiveness in dimensions including energy efficiency, low-carbon performance
                                                                 and intelligence, and to expand its market share of sustainable solutions.
                                                             •   Deeply integrates industrial internet and digital technologies to provide integrated
                                                                 services of “smart equipment + energy efficiency management”, enabling our
                                                                 customers to achieve green transformation and efficiency improvements.
       Market opportunities             short-to long-term   •   Establish a prompt response mechanism for customer needs, conduct joint research
                                                                 and development with major customers, and develop customized solutions to address
                                                                 pain points such as energy conservation, emission reduction, and process optimization.
                                                             •   Systematically implement carbon accounting and emissions reduction for the
                                                                 Company’s operations and supply chains, and proactively make arrangements in
                                                                 advance to obtain its environmental qualifications that align with strict market access
                                                                 requirements including EU’s Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM).
       Adaptability opportunities       short-to long-term   •   Optimize the supplier structure, diversifies its strategic procurement channels, and
                                                                 establish a key materials reserve mechanism, to enhance the resilience of its supply
                                                                 chain.
                                                             •   Conduct research and development of forward-looking technologies, make early
                                                                 deployment for low-carbon equipment and solutions in emerging fields such
                                                                 as hydrogen energy, CCUS (Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage), and bio-
                                                                 manufacturing, to lay a technical foundation for expanding new businesses and
                                                                 adapting to new markets.

      Through systematic analysis and identification of climate-related risks and opportunities, the Group has confirmed the
      effectiveness of its current response mechanisms for climate-related risks and opportunities. The Group will continuously
      enhance its management capabilities for climate-related risks and opportunities to achieve the goals required by relevant
      laws or regulations in the locations where it operates, and to realize green and sustainable development. We will also
      continue to maintain close communication with value chain partners, proactively keep abreast of industry transformation
      trends and corporate response strategies, and ensuring it is well-prepared for the implementation of climate-related
      transformation plans. Relying on the Group’s advantages in core production technologies in areas such as low-carbon fuel
      production equipment and renewable energy utilization systems, the Group is committed to providing modular one-stop
      solutions featured with safety, reliability, efficiency, low-carbon, and cost-optimization for global green energy fields such
      as green hydrogen, green ammonia, green urea, CCU, green methanol, and SAF, promoting the transformation of the
      industrial energy structure towards low-carbon, green, and clean energy on a global scale.


118      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




As of the date of the Report, the Group has formulated mitigation and adaptation strategies for the identified climate-
related risks and opportunities, allowing the Group to adjust its short-term, medium-term, and long-term strategies and
business models in accordance with climate-related risks and opportunities. Through the implementation of relevant
response strategies and transformation plans, the Group will build robust climate resilience to effectively address the
potential impacts of climate change on its operations.


MANAGEMENT OF CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

The Group integrates the management of climate-related risks and opportunities into its risk management process and
carries out risk management work in an orderly manner, to enhance the Group’s resilience to climate change. The Board
of the Company is responsible for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and regularly reviews their
effectiveness. The Audit Committee of the Board regularly evaluates the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems, periodically reviews significant internal audit matters of the Group, and reports the evaluation and review results to
the Board. The Group has established an internal control audit department as the management and supervision department
for risk management and internal control, which regularly identifies and assesses risks faced and potentially faced by the
Group, and reports to the Audit Committee of the Board, additionally, it is responsible for supervising the implementation
of relevant response measures.

Regarding the identification, assessment, prioritization for the Group’s climate-related risks and opportunities, and the
implementation and supervision of relevant response measures, the ESG management team and the internal control audit
department collaboratively report the work progress and results to the Board, and as for which, the relevant data sources
and procedures cover the Company and its subsidiaries.


METRICS AND TARGETS

In active response to the national “dual carbon” strategic goals and benchmarking against international advanced
practices, the Group has set long-term targets for its climate-related management. It conducts carbon verification at key
manufacturing bases to continuously monitor the Group’s greenhouse gas emission inventory and management practices,
and regularly reviews and tracks progress against these targets. The Group will actively enhance the utilization rates of
diesel, gasoline, general electricity, and natural gas through green process upgrades and energy-saving technological
transformations, and continuously reduce energy consumption per unit of output value. The Group will continue to increase
the proportion of clean energy used, reducing indirect carbon emissions from energy consumption through measures such
as installing photovoltaic equipment. Additionally, the Group has established a standard framework based on the Science
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) at its Changshu manufacturing base, and has set SBT which has been submitted to SBTi for
approval.

During the Reporting Period, the Group completed carbon inventory for Scope 1, Scope 2, and partial Scope 3 emissions in
accordance with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol standard, and comprehensively identified greenhouse gas emissions
across the value chain. The main types of energy used by the Group include purchased electricity, natural gas used in heat
treatment furnaces and canteens, etc., the diesel fuel for forklift vehicles and gasoline for business vehicles. Purchased
electricity constitutes the main source of the Group’s operational carbon emissions, accounting for approximately 65.69%.
Compared to 2024, the Group’s absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions decreased by approximately 10.88% in
2025.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   119
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      During the Reporting Period, the Group’s absolute greenhouse gas emissions are set out in the table below:

       Metrics Name                                                            Unit                                            Quantity Note


       Environment Management
       Greenhouse Gas    Scope 1 greenhouse gas                                tCO2eq.                                              7,301.19
                           emissions

                                     Scope 2 greenhouse gas                    tCO2eq.                                             15,279.64
                                        emissions
                                     Total greenhouse gas emissions            tCO2eq.                                             22,580.83
                                        (Scope 1+ Scope 2)
                                     Intensity of greenhouse gas               tCO2eq./RMB million revenue                                3.25
                                        emission
                                     Scope 3 — Fuel and energy-                tCO2eq.                                              2,380.66
                                        related activities
                                     Scope 3 — Waste generated from            tCO2eq.                                                 324.86
                                        operations
                                     Scope 3 — Franchises                      tCO2eq.                                           Not relevant

      Note: The greenhouse gas emission accounting methodology described in this document is primarily based on The Greenhouse Gas Protocol:
            A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004), jointly published by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business
            Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), for quantification and reporting.




120       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                              Environmental, Social and Governance Report




KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX (“KPI”) REFERENCE TABLE

 Reference KPI of the Code        Corresponding KPIs in the sections of the Report


 A. ENVIRONMENTAL
 A1: Emissions                    Emission
                                  Waste gas
                                  Waste water
                                  Dust
                                  Noise
                                  Waste
 A2: Use of Resources             Use of Resources
                                  Electricity resources
                                  Water resources
                                  Paper resources
                                  Packaging materials
                                  Oil and gas resources
 A3: Environmental and Natural    Environmental and natural resources
  Resources

 B. Social
 Employment and Labour
    Practices
 B1: Employment                   Employment Policy and Care for Employees
 B2: Health and Safety            Occupational health and safety policies
 B3: Development and Training     Human Capital Development and Training Policy
 B4: Labour Standards             Labour Standards
 Operating Practices
 B5: Supply Chain Management      Supply Chain Management
 B6: Product Responsibility       Product Responsibility
                                  Protection of Intellectual Property Rights
                                  Data Protection and Privacy Policies
 B7: Anti-corruption              Anti-corruption policies
 Community
 B8: Community Investment         Community investment

 D. Climate-related Disclosures   Climate-related Disclosures
                                  Governance structure
                                  Climate-related Risks, Opportunities, Strategies and Decisions
                                  Management of Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
                                  Metrics and targets




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   121
      Independent Auditor’s Report


      Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
      (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


      OPINION

  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited (“the
  Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 129 to 239, which comprise the consolidated statement
  of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement
  of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
  statement of cash flows for the year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other
  explanatory information.

  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
  the Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
  year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
  Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      BASIS FOR OPINION

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
      responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
      financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of
      Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities.
      We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
      have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




122      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Revenue recognition

Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 154 to 156 (Note 1(w)).

The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit


The principal activities of the Group are the production and Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of revenue on
sales of various pressure equipment.                         sales of pressure equipment and related service included the
                                                             following:
The Group designs and manufactures the pressure
equipment in accordance with the customer’s specification •          obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
which does not have an alternative use to the Group.                 design, implementation and operating effectiveness
                                                                     of key internal controls in relation to revenue
Revenue is recognised when a performance obligation                  recognition;
is satisfied i.e. when “control” of the goods or services
underlying the performance obligation is transferred to the •        inspecting key customer contracts to identify
customer.                                                            performance obligations and terms and conditions
                                                                     relating to goods acceptance and the right of return
For contracts which the Group has a right to be paid                 in order to assess the Group’s revenue recognition
for work done to date in the event a customer decides                policies with reference to the requirements of the
to cancel the contract before the contract was fully                 prevailing accounting standards;
completed, revenue arising from the contract, and a
corresponding contract asset are recognised progressively •          obtaining confirmation from customers directly of, on
over time. Contract costs are recognised when work is                a sample basis, total contract amount, accumulated
performed, together with any provisions for expected                 invoiced amount, accumulated received payments and
contract losses. The recognition of revenue and profit               accumulated amount of goods delivered during the
relies on management’s estimate of the final outcome of              financial year;
each contract, which involves the exercise of significant
management judgement, particularly in forecasting the •              for contracts which the Group has a right to be paid
costs to complete a contract, in valuing contract variations         for work done to date,
and in estimating the adequacy of provision of onerous
contracts.                                                           —       inspecting the terms of customer contracts, on
                                                                             a sample basis, to evaluate whether criteria for
                                                                             recognising revenue over time is met;




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   123
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 154 to 156 (Note 1(w)).

      The Key Audit Matter                                            How the matter was addressed in our audit


      For the sale of customised pressurised equipment that                —     discussing with management the performance
      the Group does not have the right to be paid for work                      of the major contracts in progress which
      performed to date, revenue is recognised at a point in time                revenue was recognised over time during the
      when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or                  year and challenging the key assumptions
      service. As such, revenue is recognised when the customer                  adopted in the forecast of contract costs,
      takes possession of and accepts the products.                              including estimated costs of completion,
                                                                                 the recognition of variation orders and the
      The progress towards complete satisfaction of a                            adequacy of provision of onerous contracts,
      performance obligation is mainly measured based on cost-                   by comparing with contract agreements
      to-cost method, based on the proportion of the actual costs                and sub-contracts, confirmations from and
      incurred relative to the estimated total costs.                            correspondence with customers regarding
                                                                                 contract variations and claims;
      We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter
      because revenue is one of the key performance indicators             —     obtaining a detailed breakdown of the
      of the Group and therefore there may be an incentive for                   total estimated costs to completion for
      management to advance or delay the timing of revenue                       major contracts in progress which revenue
      recognition to the incorrect accounting period to meet                     was recognised over time during the
      performance expectations or targets. It is also because there              year and comparing, on a sample basis,
      are a variety of contract terms regarding the Group’s sales                actual costs incurred to-date and cost
      of pressure equipment and provision of related service and                 estimates to management’s budgets, and
      the determination whether revenue should be recognised                     assessing whether there is any indication of
      over time or at a point of time involves significant                       management bias in the total estimated costs
      judgement, especially for the revenue recognized over time.                by performing a retrospective review of the
      In particular, for contracts which the Group has a right to                historical accuracy of total estimated costs for
      be paid for work done to date the estimation of total costs                completed contracts;
      to complete contracts is inherently subjective and requires
      significant management judgement and estimation.                     —     on sample basis, re-performing the calculation
                                                                                 of the revenue recognised over time for the
                                                                                 year ended 31 December 2025 based on the
                                                                                 Group’s revenue recognition policies;




124      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Revenue recognition (Continued)

Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 154 to 156 (Note 1(w)).

The Key Audit Matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit


                                                            •      for contracts which the Group does not have a right to
                                                                   be paid for work done to date,

                                                                   —      comparing, on a sample basis, revenue
                                                                          transactions recorded during the year with
                                                                          goods acceptance notes, invoices, sales
                                                                          contracts and other underlying documents
                                                                          to assess whether the related revenue was
                                                                          recognised in accordance with the Group’s
                                                                          revenue recognition accounting policies; and

                                                                   —      comparing, on a sample basis, specific revenue
                                                                          transactions recorded before and after the
                                                                          financial year end date with the underlying
                                                                          goods delivery and acceptance notes to
                                                                          assess whether the related revenue had been
                                                                          recognised in accordance with the terms of
                                                                          the sales contracts and in the correct financial
                                                                          period.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025      125
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
      AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
      annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
      form of assurance conclusion thereon as part of our engagement to audit the consolidated financial statements. We
      have performed an assurance engagement on the disclosed continuing connected transactions that form part of the
      other information and provided a separate assurance practitioner’s conclusion thereon that is included within the other
      information.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
      are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS

      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
      accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for
      such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
      that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
      as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
      accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
      but to do so.

      The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
      reporting process.


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This
      report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
      no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
      report.




126      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations or the override of internal control.

•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.

•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.

•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
       the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
       significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
       exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
       financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
       audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
       Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
       a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the consolidated
       financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on
       the group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
       performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   127
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS (Continued)

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
      and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
      independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
      our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
      in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
      describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
      in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
      consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yue Tat Wai (practising certificate
      number: P06438).




      KPMG
      Certified Public Accountants

      8th Floor, Prince’s Building
      10 Chater Road
      Central, Hong Kong
      23 March 2026




128      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                         Note          2025          2024
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


 Revenue                                                                   3       6,954,932        6,948,354
 Cost of sales                                                                    (5,138,349)      (4,898,577)


 Gross profit                                                                     1,816,583         2,049,777

 Other income                                                              4        153,180           117,406
 Selling and marketing expenses                                                    (213,212)         (164,287)
 General and administrative expenses                                               (659,378)         (565,118)
 Research and development expenses                                                 (310,386)         (399,241)
 Impairment loss on trade receivables and contract assets                32(a)      (51,961)         (116,344)


 Profit from operations                                                             734,826           922,193

 Finance costs                                                            5(a)      (16,458)           (10,448)
 Share of results of associates                                           14         (1,222)              (491)
 Share of results of joint ventures                                       15           (100)                —


 Profit before taxation                                                    5        717,046           911,254

 Income tax                                                               6(a)     (132,754)         (181,373)


 Profit for the year                                                                584,292           729,881


 Attributable to:

 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                 599,593           737,241
 Non-controlling interests                                                13        (15,301)           (7,360)


 Profit for the year                                                                584,292           729,881


 Earnings per share                                                        9
 Basic (RMB)                                                                            0.49              0.62
 Diluted (RMB)                                                                          0.47              0.59




The notes on pages 137 to 239 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     129
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
      Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                               Note         2025          2024
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


       Profit for the year                                                               584,292       729,881


       Other comprehensive income for the year
       Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
       Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
          of the Company                                                                 (10,746)        5,108

       Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
       Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
          subsidiaries outside mainland China                                             39,880         6,415


       Other comprehensive income for the year                                            29,134        11,523


       Total comprehensive income for the year                                           613,426       741,404


       Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                                613,283       742,474
       Non-controlling interests                                                13           143        (1,070)


       Total comprehensive income for the year                                           613,426       741,404




      The notes on pages 137 to 239 form part of these financial statements.


130      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                           Note       2025           2024
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000


 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                              10     2,507,834        2,398,082
 Right-of-use assets                                                        11       243,215          243,646
 Intangible assets                                                          12        76,401           53,710
 Interests in associates                                                    14        63,647           64,870
 Interests in joint ventures                                                15           437                7
 Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)   32(e)      15,213           13,313
 Deferred tax assets                                                       26(b)      38,826           22,318
 Other non-current assets                                                   16        54,547           33,101
 Goodwill                                                                   17       145,089               —


                                                                                   3,145,209        2,829,047


 Current assets
 Inventories                                                                18       730,415          797,243
 Contract assets                                                           19(a)   1,618,414          938,869
 Trade and other receivables                                                20     1,345,521        1,347,940
 Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)   32(e)     152,200          396,598
 Restricted cash                                                            21         1,643            3,188
 Cash and bank deposits                                                     21     3,132,067        2,595,448
 Non-current assets due within one year                                     22         1,350               —


                                                                                   6,981,610        6,079,286


 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                                   23     2,074,713        1,646,583
 Contract liabilities                                                      19(b)   1,221,152        1,476,247
 Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
    (“FVPL”)                                                               32(e)         —                557
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                                24      331,577            87,906
 Lease liabilities                                                          25       41,146            27,233
 Current taxation                                                          26(a)    109,316           108,931
 Provisions                                                                 27       34,514            30,386


                                                                                   3,812,418        3,377,843


 Net current assets                                                                3,169,192        2,701,443


 Total assets less current liabilities                                             6,314,401        5,530,490



The notes on pages 137 to 239 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   131
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position




                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                               Note        2025           2024
                                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


       Non-current liabilities
       Interest-bearing borrowings                                               24           —        126,279
       Lease liabilities                                                         25       43,549        54,376
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                 26(b)     29,351        28,001
       Deferred income                                                           28       46,926        45,978
       Other non-current liabilities                                             29      336,184            —


                                                                                         456,010       254,634


       Net assets                                                                       5,858,391     5,275,856


       Capital and reserves                                                      31
       Share capital                                                                    1,456,635     1,351,129
       Reserves                                                                         4,142,682     3,697,230


       Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                  5,599,317     5,048,359

       Non-controlling interests                                                 13      259,074       227,497


       Total equity                                                                     5,858,391     5,275,856


      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 23 March 2026.

                                                        )
                                                        )
      Weihua Tang                                       )
                                                        )   Directors
                                                        )
      Ye Sheng                                          )
                                                        )




      The notes on pages 137 to 239 form part of these financial statements.


132      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


                                                                                Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                Non-
                                                                 Share     Treasury       Capital        Other     Exchange      Retained           Total controlling
                                                  Note          capital        stock      reserve      reserve       reserve     earnings          equity    interest Total equity
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                              Note 31(b)   Note 31(b)    Note 31(f)   Note 31(g)    Note 31(c)   Note 31(d)


 Balance at 31 December 2024 and
   1 January 2025                                             1,351,129     (78,702)     666,577         8,837        26,598     3,073,920       5,048,359    227,497    5,275,856


 Profit for the year                                                 —            —             —            —            —          599,593      599,593     (15,301)     584,292
 Other comprehensive income for the year                             —            —             —            —        13,690              —        13,690      15,444       29,134


 Total comprehensive income for the year                             —            —             —            —        13,690         599,593      613,283         143      613,426


 Profit distribution                              31(e)              —            —             —            —             —         (170,474)   (170,474)         —      (170,474)
 Initial recognition on the acquisition of a
    foreign subsidiary                                               —            —            —             —         1,912               —        1,912          —         1,912
 Investment from non-controlling shareholder      13(c)              —            —            —             —            —                —           —       31,434       31,434
 Equity settled share-based payment                30                —            —        64,920            —            —                —       64,920          —        64,920
 Issuance and repurchase of ordinary shares to
    the Company                                  31(b)(i)             2           (2)           —            —             —               —            —          —            —
 Cancellation of ordinary shares to the
    Company                                      31(b)(ii)      (7,685)       7,685            —             —             —               —           —           —            —
 Exercise of share option and RSUs               31(b)(iii)    113,189       41,024      (112,896)           —             —               —       41,317          —        41,317


 Balance at 31 December 2025                                  1,456,635     (29,995)     618,601         8,837        42,200     3,503,039       5,599,317    259,074    5,858,391




The notes on pages 137 to 239 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025           133
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity




                                                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                    Non-
                                                                        Share      Treasury         Capital           Other         Exchange        Retained        Total     controlling       Total
                                                        Note           capital        stock         reserve          reserve          reserve        earnings      equity        interest      equity
                                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                    Note 31(b)   Note 31(b)       Note 31(f)      Note 31(g)       Note 31(c)      Note 31(d)


       Balance at 31 December 2023 and
         1 January 2024                                             1,302,751      (38,944)        640,993             8,837          21,365       2,447,489    4,382,491         8,118     4,390,609


       Profit for the year                                                 —            —                —                —                —         737,241     737,241          (7,360)    729,881
       Other comprehensive income for the year                             —            —                —                —             5,233             —        5,233           6,290      11,523


       Total comprehensive income for the year                             —            —                —                —             5,233        737,241     742,474          (1,070)    741,404


       Profit distribution                              31(e)              —            —                —                —                —        (110,810)    (110,810)            —      (110,810)
       Acquisition of a subsidiary                       13                —            —                —                —                —              —             —         55,176        55,176
       Investment from non-controlling shareholder      13(c)              —            —                —                —                —              —             —       183,411       183,411
       Purchase of minority shares                       13                —            —           (11,417)              —                —              —        (11,417)      (18,138)      (29,555)
       Equity settled share-based payment                30                —            —            60,840               —                —              —         60,840            —         60,840
       Issuance and repurchase of ordinary shares to
          the Company                                  31(b)(i)        32,074      (32,074)              —                —                —              —            —              —            —
       Repurchase of ordinary shares to the Company    31(b)(ii)           —       (15,220)              —                —                —              —       (15,220)            —       (15,220)
       Cancellation of ordinary shares to the
          Company                                      31(b)(ii)       (7,535)       7,535               —                —                —              —            —              —            —
       Exercise of share option                        31(b)(iii)      23,839            1          (23,839)              —                —              —            1              —            1


       Balance at 31 December 2024                                  1,351,129      (78,702)        666,577             8,837          26,598       3,073,920    5,048,359       227,497     5,275,856




      The notes on pages 137 to 239 form part of these financial statements.


134       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                           Note              2025          2024
                                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


 Operating activities:
 Cash generated from operations                                                           578,292        1,326,941
 Income tax paid                                                           26(a)         (152,919)        (174,450)


 Net cash generated from operating activities                              21(b)          425,373        1,152,491


 Investing activities:
 Payment for the purchase of long-term assets                                            (347,087)        (430,704)
 Cash paid for acquisition of investment                                  32(e)(i)             —             (2,413)
 Payment for the equity method investments                                  15               (530)               (7)
 Net cash received/(paid) for the purchase or sales of monetary fund                      255,727         (326,944)
 Increase in deposits with original maturity of over three months when
    acquired, net                                                                         (59,872)        (170,684)
 Asset acquisition through acquisition of a subsidiary                     13(b)               —            (17,534)
 Net cash (paid)/received from acquisition of subsidiary                 13(a)/21(e)     (184,432)         121,563
 Proceeds from sale of long-term assets                                                       440             1,015
 Interest received                                                                         74,673            59,987


 Net cash used in investing activities                                                   (261,081)        (765,721)


 Financing activities:
 Capital element of lease rentals paid                                     21(c)          (36,738)          (12,943)
 Payment for minority shares                                               13(a)               —            (29,555)
 Proceeds from bank loans                                                  21(c)          560,119            17,622
 Repayment of bank loans                                                   21(c)         (444,383)        (165,132)
 Proceeds from investors                                                   21(c)          330,000                —
 Proceeds from exercise of share options and RSUs                         31(b)(iii)       41,317                 1
 Repurchase of ordinary shares                                            31(b)(ii)            —            (15,220)
 Cash received from non-controlling shareholder                            13(c)           31,434          183,411
 Interest element of lease rentals paid                                    21(c)           (3,627)           (1,948)
 Interest paid                                                             21(c)           (6,812)           (9,482)
 Cash paid for profit distribution                                         31(e)         (170,474)        (110,810)


 Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                   300,836         (144,056)


 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                      11,619           13,368




The notes on pages 137 to 239 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                Annual Report 2025     135
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows




                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                               Note         2025          2024
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


       Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                         476,747        256,082
       Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                          2,424,764      2,168,682


       Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                        2,901,511      2,424,764


       Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
       Cash and bank balances                                                   21     1,547,970      1,477,549
       Deposits with original maturity of less than three months when
         acquired                                                               21     1,353,541       947,215


       Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the Statement
        of Cash Flows                                                                  2,901,511      2,424,764




      The notes on pages 137 to 239 form part of these financial statements.


136      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards, which
          collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”),
          Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
          Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
          These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the
          Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Material accounting policies adopted by
          the Group are disclosed below.

          The HKICPA has issued certain new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or
          available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides information
          on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent
          that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these financial statements.

    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company and its
          subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in associates and a joint venture.

          Items included in the financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency that
          best reflects the economic substance of the underlying events and circumstances relevant to the entity (the
          “Functional Currency”). The financial statements is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), rounded to the
          nearest thousand except for earnings per share information.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except
          that the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set
          out below:

          —       Investment in unlisted equity securities (Note 1(g)(ii));

          —       Monetary fund (Note 1(g)(i)); and

          —       Forward exchange contracts (Note 1(h)).

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires
          management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
          reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions
          are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
          circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of
          assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
          estimates.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)

                      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
                      estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
                      or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

                      Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have significant
                      effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2.

              (c)     Changes in accounting policies

                      (i)      New and amended HKFRSs

                               The Group has applied amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange
                               rates — Lack of exchangeability issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the current
                               accounting period. The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as
                               the Group has not entered into any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not
                               exchangeable into another currency.

                               The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
                               accounting period.

              (d)     Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

                      Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has
                      rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
                      through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated
                      financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.

                      Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses (except for foreign currency
                      transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised losses resulting
                      from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that
                      there is no evidence of impairment.

                      For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”)
                      either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. NCI
                      are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity
                      attributable to the equity shareholders of the company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on
                      the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                      other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income
                      for the year between NCI and the equity shareholders of the company. Loans from holders of NCI and
                      other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated
                      statement of financial position in accordance with Notes 1(r) or(s) depending on the nature of the liability.

                      Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
                      equity transactions.



138       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and
          any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any
          interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
          impairment losses (see Note 1(l)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
          classified as held for sale).

    (e)   Associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity in which the Group or the company has significant influence, but not control or joint
          control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group or
          the company has joint control, whereby the Group or the company has the rights to the net assets of the
          arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

          An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as
          held for sale (or included in a disposal group classified as held for sale). They are initially recognised at cost,
          which includes transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
          share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the date on
          which significant influence or joint control ceases.

          When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s
          interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group
          has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose,
          the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any
          other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the
          joint venture, after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see Note 1(l)
          (i)).

          Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the
          investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same
          way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is stated
          at cost less impairment losses (see Note 1(l)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal
          group classified as held for sale).

    (f)   Goodwill

          Goodwill arising on acquisition of businesses is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses and is
          tested annually for impairment (see Note 1(l)).




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025    139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (g)     Other investments in securities

                      The Group’s policies for investments in securities, other than investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                      ventures, are set out below.

                      Investments in securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the
                      investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except
                      for those investments measured at FVPL for which transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss.
                      For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 32(e). These
                      investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

                      (i)      Non-equity investments

                               Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:

                               —        amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
                                        represent solely payments of principal and interest. Expected credit losses, interest income
                                        calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 1(w)(ii)(c)), foreign exchange gains
                                        and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in
                                        profit or loss.

                               —        FVOCI — recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments
                                        of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model whose objective
                                        is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Expected credit losses,
                                        interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains
                                        and losses are recognised in profit or loss and computed in the same manner as if the
                                        financial asset was measured at amortised cost. The difference between the fair value and
                                        the amortised cost is recognised in OCI. When the investment is derecognised, the amount
                                        accumulated in OCI is recycled from equity to profit or loss.

                               —        FVPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost
                                        or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are
                                        recognised in profit or loss.

                      (ii)     Equity investments

                               An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL, unless the investment is not held for trading
                               purposes and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the
                               investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in
                               OCI. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the
                               investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. If such election is made for
                               a particular investment, at the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve
                               (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings and not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends
                               from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are
                               recognised in profit or loss as other income (see Note 1(w)(ii)(b)).




140       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (h)   Derivative financial instruments

          The Group holds derivative financial instruments to manage its foreign currency and interest rate risk
          exposures. Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately if the
          host contract is not a financial asset and certain criteria are met.

          Derivatives are initially measured at fair value. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with changes
          therein recognised in profit or loss, except where the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or
          hedges of net investment in a foreign operation.

    (i)   Property, plant and equipment

          The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, which includes capitalised
          borrowing costs, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (see Note 1(l)(ii)):

          —      right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or leasehold properties where the Group is not
                 the registered owner of the property interest; and

          —      items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant
                 and equipment (see Note 1(k)).

          If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are
          accounted for as separate items (major components).

          Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.
          Any related revaluation surplus is transferred from the revaluation reserve to retained profits and is not
          reclassified to profit or loss.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment less
          their estimated residual values, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and is
          generally recognised in profit or loss.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

          —      Leasehold land is depreciated over the unexpired term of lease.

          —      The Group’s interests in buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over the shorter of the
                 unexpired term of lease and the buildings’ estimated useful lives, being no more than 50 years after
                 the date of completion.

          —      Plant and buildings                                                                             20 years

          —      Machinery and equipment                                                                         10 years

          —      Office and other equipment                                                                    3–5 years

          —      Motor vehicles                                                                                   4 years

          Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
          appropriate.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (i)     Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                      Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and equipment
                      pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses (see Note 1(l)(ii)).

                      Capitalisation of construction in progress costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to
                      property, plant and equipment when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
                      intended use are completed.

                      No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress until it is substantially completed and ready
                      for its intended use.

              (j)     Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

                      Expenditure on research activities is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Development expenditure
                      is capitalised only if the expenditure can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically and
                      commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable and the Group intends to and has sufficient
                      resources to complete development and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise, it is recognised in profit
                      or loss as incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
                      amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.

                      Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group and have finite useful lives are measured at cost less
                      accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses (see Note 1(l)(ii)).

                      Expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                      Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using
                      the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally recognised in profit or loss.

                      The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                      —        Design software, Microsoft Office, and Enterprise Resource Planning software                  10 years
                      —        Office administrative software                                                               3–5 years
                      —        Patents and trademarks                                                                         5 years

                      Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
                      appropriate.




142       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (k)   Leased assets

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is the case
          if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
          consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified
          asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

          (i)    As a lessee

                 Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected
                 not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated
                 non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                 At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                 except for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items such
                 as laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item,
                 the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the
                 associated lease payments are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                 Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                 payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if
                 that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial
                 recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is recognised using
                 the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not
                 included in the measurement of the lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

                 The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                 comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or
                 before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to
                 dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it
                 is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less
                 accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see Notes 1(i) and 1(l)(ii)), except for the following
                 types of right-of-use asset:

                 —       right-of-use assets related to leasehold land and buildings where the Group is the registered
                         owner of the leasehold interest are carried at fair value (see Note 1(i)).

                 Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance
                 with the accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities carried at amortised
                 cost (see Notes 1(g)(i), 1(w)(ii)(c) and 1(l)(i)). Any excess of the nominal value over the initial fair value
                 of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made and is included in the cost of
                 right-of-use assets.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025    143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (k)     Leased assets (Continued)

                      (i)      As a lessee (Continued)

                               The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                               change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to
                               be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
                               will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in
                               this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
                               recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                               The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in
                               the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease
                               contract, if such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case, the lease liability is
                               remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the
                               effective date of the modification.

                               In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                               is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                               months after the reporting period.

                      (ii)     As a lessor

                               The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
                               A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
                               the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. Otherwise, the lease is classified as an operating
                               lease.

                               When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
                               the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from
                               operating leases is recognised in accordance with Note 1(w)(ii)(a).

                               When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an
                               operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease
                               is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in Note 1(k)(i), then the
                               Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.




144       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables

                The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”s) on:

                —      financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, restricted
                       cash, trade receivables and other receivables, including those loans to associates and joint
                       ventures that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent solely
                       payments of principal and interest);

                —      contract assets (see Note 1(n)); and

                —      lease receivables.

                Measurement of ECLs

                ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as the
                present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.

                The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is material:

                —      fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest
                       rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                —      variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

                —      lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable;

                The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                —      12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible
                       within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
                       instrument is less than 12 months); and

                —      lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
                       lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (l)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                      (i)      Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                               (Continued)

                               Measurement of ECLs (Continued)

                               The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
                               which are measured at 12-months ECLs:

                               —        financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

                               —        other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over
                                        the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial
                                        recognition.

                               Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to
                               lifetime ECLs.

                               Significant increases in credit risk

                               When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
                               initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
                               information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
                               quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
                               informed credit assessment, that includes forward-looking information.

                               The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than
                               30 days past due.

                               The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

                               —        the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
                                        Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or

                               —        the financial asset is 90 days past due.

                               ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                               risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or
                               loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments
                               with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except
                               for investments in non-equity securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss
                               allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the fair value reserve (recycling) does not reduce
                               the carrying amount of the financial asset in the statement of financial position.




146       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                (Continued)

                Credit-impaired financial assets

                At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                —      significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                —      a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;

                —      the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not
                       consider otherwise;

                —      it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

                —      the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the
                       issuer.

                Write-off policy

                The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off to
                the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
                determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
                cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (l)     Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                      (ii)     Impairment of other non-current assets

                               At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other
                               than property carried at revalued amounts, investment property, inventories and other contract costs,
                               contract assets and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
                               If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill is tested
                               annually for impairment.

                               For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
                               cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
                               cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business combination is allocated to CGUs
                               or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

                               The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
                               costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present
                               value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                               money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                               An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
                               amount.

                               Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                               amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other
                               assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.

                               An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
                               reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
                               that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had
                               been recognised.

                      (iii)    Interim financial reporting and impairment

                               Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the
                               Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim financial
                               reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the
                               Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end
                               of the financial year (see Notes 1(l)(i) and (ii)).

                               Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a
                               subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised
                               had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which the interim period
                               relates.




148       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (m) Inventories and other contract costs

          (i)    Inventories

                 Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                 Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase,
                 costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
                 condition.

                 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
                 costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

          (ii)   Other contract costs

                 Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the
                 costs to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory (see Note 1(m)(i)),
                 property, plant and equipment (see Note 1(i)) or intangible assets (see Note 1(j)).

                 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract, e.g. sales commissions, are capitalised if the costs relate
                 to revenue which will be recognised in a future reporting period and the costs are expected to be
                 recovered. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.

                 Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to
                 a specifically identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used
                 to provide goods or services in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Otherwise, costs
                 of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or
                 intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.

                 Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.
                 Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is recognised in profit or loss when the revenue to which
                 the asset relates is recognised (see Note 1(w)(i)).

    (n)   Contract assets and contract liabilities

          A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 1(w)(i)) before being
          unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the terms in the contract. Contract assets are assessed
          for ECLs (see Note 1(l)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration becomes
          unconditional (see Note 1(o)).

          A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
          recognises the related revenue (see Note 1(w)(i)). A contract liability is also recognised if the Group has
          an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related
          revenue. In such latter cases, a corresponding receivable is also recognised (see Note 1(o)).




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (o)     Trade and other receivables

                      A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the
                      passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                      Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
                      transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
                      initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost
                      (see Note 1(l)(i)).

              (p)     Cash and cash equivalents

                      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                      financial institutions, property pre-sale proceeds held by solicitors that are held for meeting short-term
                      cash commitments, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
                      amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
                      months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part
                      of the Group’s cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
                      purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement. Restricted cash is excluded from cash and cash equivalents.
                      Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL (see Note 1(l)(i)).

              (q)     Restricted cash

                      Restricted cash represents guarantee deposits held in a separate reserve account that is pledged to the bank
                      for issuance of trade facilities such as security deposits for the Group’s guarantee services. Such restricted
                      cash will be released when the Group repays the related trade facilities.

              (r)     Trade and other payables (other than refund labilities)

                      Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
                      other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
                      case they are stated at invoice amounts.

              (s)     Interest-bearing borrowings and redemption liabilities

                      (i)      Interest-bearing borrowings

                               Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently,
                               these borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is
                               recognised in accordance with Note 1(y).




150       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (s)   Interest-bearing borrowings and redemption liabilities (Continued)

          (ii)   Redemption liabilities

                 Certain investors of a subsidiary of the Group were granted with the right to require the Group
                 to redeem their paid-in capital of the subsidiary for cash upon occurrence of certain events which
                 are not all within the control of the Group. On initial recognition, when the financial liabilities in
                 connection with the redemption rights (see Note 29) are recognised in the consolidated statement
                 of financial position, the interests of the non-controlling shareholders with redemption rights are
                 derecognised as if the redemption rights had been exercised. The profit or loss attributable to
                 those non-controlling shareholders are presented as attributable to the equity shareholders of the
                 Company on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                 income.

                 Redemption liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities or current liabilities depending on
                 whether the investors can demand the Company to redeem the investment for cash at least 12
                 months after the end of the reporting period or not.

                 The Group derecognizes the financial liability when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
                 discharged, canceled or have expired. Upon a termination of the redemption obligation, the carrying
                 amount of the financial instruments derecognized would be credited into the equity.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (t)     Employee benefits

                      (i)      Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                               retirement plans

                               Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
                               for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay
                               this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated
                               reliably.

                               Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related
                               service is provided.

                      (ii)     Share-based payments

                               The grant-date fair value of equity-settled share-based payments granted to employees is measured
                               using the binomial lattice model. The amount is generally recognised as an expense, with a
                               corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognised as
                               an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service conditions are
                               expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised is based on the number of awards
                               that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date. The equity amount is recognised in the
                               capital reserve until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount recognised
                               in share capital for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it is released directly to retained
                               profits).

                      (iii)    Termination benefits

                               Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer
                               of those benefits and when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring.

              (u)     Income tax

                      Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the
                      extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

                      Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
                      and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax
                      payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any
                      uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
                      reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

                      Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.




152       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (u)   Income tax (Continued)

          Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
          liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
          recognised for:

          —       temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                  business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
                  rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

          —       temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent
                  that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
                  probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

          —       taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and

          —       those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to
                  implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
                  Development.

          The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease
          liabilities and right-of-use assets.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
          differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
          can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
          differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
          in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
          based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
          reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be
          realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

    (v)   Provisions and contingent liabilities

          Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
          reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.

          A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on
          historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

          A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
          terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined
          based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other
          costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any
          impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see Note 1(l)(ii)).


                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (v)     Provisions and contingent liabilities (Continued)

                      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                      estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                      economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
                      or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
                      probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

                      Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another
                      party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The
                      amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.

              (w) Revenue and other income

                      Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services
                      or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

                      Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

                      (i)      Revenue from contracts with customers

                               The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognises revenue on a gross basis,
                               including the sale of pressure equipment and related services that are sourced externally. In
                               determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains
                               control of the products before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers to the Group’s
                               ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the products.

                               Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer at the
                               amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those
                               amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added tax or other sales taxes.

                               (a)      Sales of pressure equipment and related services

                                        The Group recognised revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied. i.e. when
                                        “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is
                                        transferred to the customer.

                                        A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that
                                        is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have
                                        the same pattern of transfer to the customer.




154       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (w) Revenue and other income (Continued)

        (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

              (a)   Sales of pressure equipment and related services (Continued)

                    Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time measuring to the
                    progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the
                    following criteria is met:

                    •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                           Group’s performance as the Group performs;

                    •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as
                           the Groups performs; or

                    •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to
                           the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
                           completed to date.

                    The Group designs and manufactures the pressure equipment in accordance with the
                    customer’s specification which does not have an alternative use to the Group. Under
                    contracts for which the Group has a right to be paid for work done to date in the event a
                    customer decides to cancel the contract before the contract was fully completed, revenue
                    arising from the contract, and a corresponding contract asset (see Note 1(n)), are recognised
                    progressively over time. The contract asset (either partially or in full) is reclassified to
                    receivables when the entitlement to payment for that amount has become unconditional (see
                    Note 1(o)).

                    The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is mainly measured
                    based on cost-to-cost method, i.e. based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred
                    relative to the estimated total costs.

                    For the sale of pressure equipment that the Group does not have the right to be paid for
                    work performed to date, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains
                    control of the distinct good or service. As such, revenue is recognised when the customer
                    takes possession of and accepts the products.

                    For the sale of raw materials and scrap materials, revenue is recognised at a point in time
                    when the customer obtains control of the products, which is generally when the customer
                    takes possession of and accepts the products.

                    A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or
                    services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional (see Note
                    1(n)). It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9 (see Note1(l)(i)).

                    A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a
                    customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is
                    due) from the customer.


                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (w) Revenue and other income (Continued)

                      (ii)     Revenue from other sources and other income

                               (a)      Rental income from operating leases

                                        Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over
                                        the term of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognised as an integral part of the total
                                        rental income, over the term of the lease. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                                        index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

                               (b)      Dividends

                                        Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right to
                                        receive payment is established.

                               (c)      Interest income

                                        Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. The “effective interest
                                        rate” is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected
                                        life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. In calculating
                                        interest income, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the
                                        asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired). However, for financial assets that have become
                                        credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying
                                        the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer
                                        credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.

                               (d)      Government grants

                                        Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when there
                                        is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the
                                        conditions attaching to them.

                                        Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit
                                        or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.

                                        Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying
                                        amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the
                                        useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.




156       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (x)   Translation of foreign currencies

          Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of Group
          companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

          Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
          at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
          in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair value
          was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign
          currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are
          generally recognised in profit or loss.

          However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the following items are recognised in
          OCI:

          —      an investment in equity securities designated as at FVOCI

          The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on
          acquisition, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income
          and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the dates
          of the transactions.

          Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve, except to the
          extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.

          When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence
          or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is
          reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal of a subsidiary that includes
          a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation
          that have been attributed to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If
          the Group disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion
          of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or
          joint venture while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative
          amount is reclassified to profit or loss.

    (y)   Borrowing costs

          Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
          necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part
          of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

          The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
          for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare
          the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases
          when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are
          interrupted or complete.



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (z)     Related parties

                      (a)      A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                               (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

                               (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                               (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

                      (b)      An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                               (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same Group (which means that each parent,
                                        subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                               (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture
                                        of a member of a Group of which the other entity is a member).

                               (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                               (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                                        entity.

                               (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                                        or an entity related to the Group.

                               (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                               (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                        management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                               (viii)   The entity, or any member of a Group of which it is a part, provides key management
                                        personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                               Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                               influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




158       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (aa) Segment reporting

          Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements,
          are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
          management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
          various lines of business and geographical locations.

          Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
          segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
          services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
          the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
          which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

    (bb) Research and development costs

          Research and development costs comprise all costs that are directly attributable to research and development
          activities or that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such activities. Because of the nature of the
          Group’s research and development activities, the criteria for the recognition of such costs as an asset are
          generally not met until late in the development stage of the project when the remaining development costs
          are immaterial. Hence both research costs and development costs are generally recognised as expenses in the
          period in which they are incurred.


2   ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES

    (a)   Sources of estimation uncertainty

          Notes 17, 30 and 32 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to valuation
          of goodwill impairment, fair value of share options granted and financial instruments. Other significant
          sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

          (i)    Revenue recognition

                 As explained in policy Note 1(w)(i), revenue from sales of pressure equipment and related services are
                 recognised over time. Such revenue and profit recognition on uncompleted projects is dependent on
                 estimating the total outcome of the contract, as well as the work done to date.

                 Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the manufacturing and construction
                 activities undertaken by the Group, the Group has made estimates of the point at which it considered
                 the work was sufficiently advanced such that the outcome of the contract can be reasonably
                 measured. Until this point is reached the related contract assets disclosed in Note 19 do not include
                 profit which the Group might eventually realise from the work done to date. In addition, actual
                 outcomes in terms of total cost or revenue may be higher or lower than estimated at the end of
                 the reporting period, which would affect the revenue and profit recognised in future years as an
                 adjustment to the amounts recorded to date.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      2	ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

              (a)	Sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

                      (ii)     Warranty provisions

                               As explained in Note 27, the Group makes provisions under the warranties it gives on sales of
                               pressure equipment taking into account the Group’s recent claim experience. As the Group is
                               continually upgrading its product designs and launching new models it is possible that the recent
                               claim experience is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any
                               increase or decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in future years.


      3       REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

              (a)     Revenue

                      The principal activities of the Group are the production and sales of various pressure equipment. Further
                      details regarding the Group’s principal activities are disclosed in Note 3(b).

                      (i)      Disaggregation of revenue

                               Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines is as
                               follows:

                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


                                   Revenue from contracts with customers
                                     within the scope of HKFRS 15
                                   Disaggregated by major products or service lines
                                   — core equipment                                                            2,272,126         2,525,033
                                      — reactor                                                                  788,068         1,196,707
                                      — heat exchanger                                                           340,063           587,054
                                      — tank                                                                     640,313           208,828
                                      — tower                                                                    503,682           532,444
                                   — modular pressure equipment                                                4,393,387         4,244,422
                                   — others*                                                                      38,655            32,768


                                   Sales of products                                                           6,704,168         6,802,223


                                   — Pressure equipment design, validation, and
                                      maintenance service                                                        250,764          146,131


                                   Service                                                                       250,764          146,131


                                   Revenue of operations                                                       6,954,932         6,948,354

                               *       Others include primarily sales of raw materials and scrap materials.


160       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

    (a)   Revenue (Continued)

          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


                     Point in time                                                            1,858,486            3,515,626
                     Over time                                                                5,096,446            3,432,728


                     Total                                                                    6,954,932            6,948,354


                 The Group’s customer base is diversified and includes one customer with whom transactions have
                 exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues of the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil). Revenues
                 from this customer during year ended 31 December 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


                     Customer A                                                                 995,039                        *

                 *       Less than 10% of the Group’s revenue for the corresponding years.


          (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with
                 customers in existence at the reporting date

                 As at 31 December 2025, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
                 performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is RMB8,572,421,000 (as at 31
                 December 2024: RMB7,112,204,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in
                 the future from contracts with customers in existence at the reporting date. The Group will recognise
                 the expected revenue in future when or as the work is completed, which is expected to occur over
                 the next 12 to 36 months.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      3       REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

              (a)     Revenue (Continued)

                      (iii)    Geographic information

                               The following table sets out information about the geographical location of the Group’s revenue
                               from external customers. The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which
                               the services were provided or the goods delivered.

                               The Group’s property, plant and equipment, intangible assets are mainly located in mainland China
                               and accordingly, no geographical information of non-current assets is presented.

                                                                                                Revenues from external customers
                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


                                 Mainland China                                                          1,589,405     2,750,519
                                 North America                                                           1,221,927     1,383,524
                                 Asia (excluding mainland China)                                         3,102,022     2,023,164
                                 Europe                                                                    624,522       335,153
                                 Africa                                                                     69,607       100,155
                                 Others (Note)                                                             347,449       355,839


                                                                                                         6,954,932     6,948,354

                               Note:    Others mainly included countries in South America and Oceania.


              (b)     Segment reporting

                      HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of operating segment information
                      based on internal financial statement reports that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s chief operating
                      decision makers for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment. On this basis, the
                      Group has determined that it only has one operating segment which is the sale of comprehensive pressure
                      equipment.




162       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


       Government grants (i)                                                                          11,631                     24,743
       Interest income                                                                                74,673                     59,987
       Net realised gains on monetary fund                                                             9,130                       9,894
       Net realised gains on forward exchange contracts                                                2,402                         172
       Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                           (20,586)                    25,313
       Changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities                                       4,043                         854
       Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          (2,080)                       (553)
       Relocation allowance (ii)                                                                      65,924                          —
       Others                                                                                          8,043                      (3,004)


                                                                                                    153,180                     117,406

    (i)      Government grants mainly includes (a) grants relating to expenses which represent unconditional grants received from local
             government to encourage the Group’s development; and (b) grants relating to assets which represent the amortisation of deferred
             income.

    (ii)     The relocation allowance compensates for the relocation of leased property from Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co.,
             Ltd..


5   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


       (a)    Finance costs:

              Interest on interest-bearing borrowings                                                   6,647                      8,500
              Interest on other non-current liabilities                                                 6,184                         —
              Interest on lease liabilities                                                             3,627                      1,948


                                                                                                      16,458                     10,448


       (b)    Staff costs:

              Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                  1,224,427                  1,063,233
              Equity-settled share-based payment expenses (Note 30)                                  64,920                     60,840
              Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans (i)                            132,490                    120,495


                                                                                                  1,421,837                  1,244,568


                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      5       PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)

              Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging: (Continued)

              (i)      Employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
                       administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC contribute funds which are
                       calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the scheme to
                       fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

                       The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual
                       contributions described above.


                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


                 (c)    Other items:

                        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                      25,114                     21,301

                        Depreciation charge
                        — owned property, plant and equipment                                                 172,025                    153,237
                        — right-of-use assets                                                                  40,563                     20,248

                        Auditor’s remuneration
                        — audit services                                                                         4,200                      4,200
                        — non-audit services                                                                       847                         20

                        Research and development costs (i)                                                   310,386                     399,241
                        Increase in provisions (Note 27)                                                      16,563                      13,120
                        Cost of inventories (ii)                                                           5,138,349                   4,898,577
                        Expense relating to short-term leases                                                 25,345                      51,576

              (i)      Research and development costs included staff costs of RMB113,159,000 (2024: RMB207,766,000), depreciation and
                       amortisation expenses of RMB9,126,000 (2024: RMB9,708,000), which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed
                       separately above or in Note 5(b).

              (ii)     Cost of inventories included staff costs of RMB836,627,000 (2024: RMB705,675,000), depreciation and amortisation expenses of
                       RMB152,296,000 (2024: RMB147,663,000), which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or
                       in Note 5(b).




164       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS

    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


           Current tax:
           Provision for the year                                             124,698               168,301
           Withholding tax on the profits of the Group’s PRC
             subsidiaries (Note26(a))                                          28,000                14,921
           Under-provision in respect of prior year                               606                10,070


                                                                              153,304               193,292


           Deferred tax:
           Origination and reversal of temporary differences                  (15,550)               (29,344)
           Withholding tax on the profits of the Group’s PRC
             subsidiaries (Note26(b))                                          (5,000)               13,079
           Effect on deferred tax balances at 1 January resulting from a
             change in tax rate (Note26(b))                                        —                   4,346


                                                                              (20,550)               (11,919)


           Actual tax expense                                                 132,754               181,373




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      6       INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
              (Continued)

              (b)     Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
                      applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 Note                 2025          2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


                        Profit before taxation                                                                       717,046                 911,254

                        Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the
                          rates applicable to profits in the countries concerned                   (i)(ii)           108,073                 141,218
                        Additional deduction for qualified research and
                          development expenses                                                    (i)(iii)            (21,941)                (23,683)
                        Under-provision in respect of prior year                                                          606                  10,070
                        Non-deductible expenses                                                                         8,244                  13,760
                        Non-deductible income                                                                          (4,933)                  (3,554)
                        Tax effect of unrecognised loss                                             (v)                14,416                    8,935
                        Tax effect of unrecognised temporary difference                                                 5,289                    2,281
                        Withholding tax on the profits of the Group’s PRC
                          subsidiaries                                                              (iv)               23,000                  28,000
                        Effect on deferred tax balances at 1 January resulting
                          from a change in tax rate (Note26(b))                                                               —                 4,346


                        Actual tax expense                                                                           132,754                 181,373

                      (i)      PRC corporate income tax

                               The income tax provision of the Group in respect of its operations in Chinese Mainland was calculated at tax rate of
                               25% on the assessable profits for the periods presented, based on the existing legislation, interpretation and practices in
                               respect thereof, except for the subsidiaries below. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the Chinese Mainland were subject
                               to the following preferential corporate income tax policies for years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025:

                               —        Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the Chinese Mainland were approved as “High and New Technology
                                        Enterprises”, and it was subject to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%;

                               —        Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the Chinese Mainland fulfil the micro and small enterprises qualification
                                        under the PRC corporate income tax system. Therefore, partial assessable profits of these subsidiaries were
                                        subject to the preferential income tax rate of 5%.




166       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
    (Continued)

    (b)   Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
          applicable tax rates: (Continued)

          Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of where the Company and the Group’s subsidiaries
          located, the Company and the Group’s subsidiaries outside PRC were subject to the corporate income tax at
          a rate listed below:

                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
              Country and region                         Company                                                                   2025        2024


              Hong Kong Special Administrative           Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited (*)
                Region of PRC (“Hong Kong”)                                                                                      16.5%       16.5%
                                                         Morimatsu Investment Company Limited (*) (**)                             N/A       16.5%
                                                         Morimatsu International Investment Company Limited (*)                  16.5%       16.5%
              Kingdom of Sweden (“Sweden”)               Pharmadule Morimatsu AB                                                 20.6%       20.6%
              United States of America                   Pharmadule Morimatsu Inc. (****)
                 (“the United States”)                                                                                           21.0%       21.0%
                                                         Morimatsu Houston Corporation (****)                                    21.0%       21.0%
                                                         Bioengineering Inc. (***) (****)                                        21.0%          N/A
              Republic of India (“India”)                Pharmadule Engineering India Private Limited                           25.17%      25.17%
                                                         Morimatsu Engineering and Technology (India) Co., Private Limited
                                                            (*) (***)                                                           25.17%          N/A
              Federation of Malaysia (“Malaysia”)        Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (*)                               24.0%       24.0%
                                                         Morimatsu Engineering & Technology (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (*) (***)       24.0%          N/A
              Japan                                      Pharmadule Technology and Service Company Limited (previous
                                                            name: Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited)             33.58%      33.58%
                                                         Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited                       33.58%      33.58%
              Republic of Italy (“Italy”)                Morimatsu Italy S.R.L.                                                  24.0%       24.0%
                                                         Morimatsu Engineering &
                                                            Technology (Italy) S.R.L. (*) (***)                                  24.0%         N/A
              United Mexican States (“Mexico”)           Permanent Establishment in Mexico, the branch of Shanghai
                                                            Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd.             30.0%       30.0%
              Republic of Singapore (“Singapore”)        Morimatsu Pharmadule (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                              17.0%       17.0%
                                                         Morimatsu Lifesciences (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                            17.0%       17.0%
                                                         Morimatsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                                         17.0%       17.0%
              The Kingdom of Thailand (“Thailand”)       Morimatsu (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (*) (***)                                20.0%          N/A
              Swiss Confederation (“Switzerland”)        Bioengineering AG (***)                                                 20.0%          N/A
              Republic of Korea (“South Korea”)          Bioengineering Korea Ltd. (***)                                         19.0%          N/A

          *           No provision for income tax was made for these companies as these companies did not have income subject to corporate
                      income tax during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 respectively.

          **          The company has been dissolved since 10 May 2024.

          ***         The company was not registered or acquired during the year ended 31 December 2024.

          ****        The tax rate represents federal income tax.



                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      6       INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
              (Continued)

              (b)     Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
                      applicable tax rates: (Continued)

                      (ii)     The subsidiaries of the Group are entitled as a High and New Technology Enterprise as follows.

                                                                                                             Applicable
                                                                                                            preferential
                                                                                                                tax rate                         Period


                                   Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu Heavy Industry”)
                                     (森松(江蘇)重工有限公司)                                                                     15%            2025 and 2024
                                   Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment
                                     Engineering Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu Pharmaceutical”)
                                     (上海森松製藥設備工程有限公司)*                                                                  15%            2025 and 2024
                                   Shanghai Morimatsu Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu Biotechnology”)
                                     (上海森松生物科技有限公司)*                                                                    15%            2025 and 2024
                                   Shanghai Morimatsu Engineering Technology Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu Engineering Technology”)
                                     (上海森松工程技術有限公司)*                                                                    15%            2025 and 2024
                                   Morimatsu (Suzhou) LifeSciences Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu LifeSciences”)
                                     (森松(蘇州)生命科技有限公司)*                                                                  15%            2025 and 2024

                               *        The English translation of these entities is for reference only. The official name of these entities in the PRC is in
                                        Chinese.


                      (iii)    Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC (the “CIT Law”) and its relevant regulation,
                               qualified research and development expenses are subject to income tax deduction at 200% on the
                               amount actually incurred for each of the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




168       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
    (Continued)

    (b)   Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
          applicable tax rates: (Continued)

          (iv)   According to the CIT Law and its implementing regulations of the CIT Law, for dividends payable to
                 investors that are non-resident enterprise (who do not have organisations or places of business in
                 the PRC, or that have organisations and places of business in PRC but to whom the relevant income
                 tax is not effectively connected), 10% of the PRC withholding tax shall be paid, unless there are any
                 applicable tax treaties are reached between the jurisdictions of non-resident enterprises and the PRC
                 which may reduce or provide exemption to the relevant tax. Similarly, any gain derived from the
                 transfer of shares by such investor, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the
                 PRC, shall be subject to 10% PRC income tax rate (or a lower tax treaty rate (if applicable)).

                 Pursuant to the shareholders’ resolution on 18 July 2025 and 10 December 2025, Morimatsu (China)
                 Investment Co., Ltd. decided dividends of RMB230,000,000 would be distributed to Morimatsu
                 International Holdings Company Limited in the future periods. Accordingly, Morimatsu International
                 Holdings Company Limited accrued deferred tax liabilities of RMB23,000,000 based on 10% PRC
                 withholding tax rate.

          (v)    Under the CIT Law, the deductible tax losses expire within 5 years from the year when such losses
                 were incurred. It was mainly arising from the Morimatsu (China) Investment Co., Ltd. whose principal
                 activity was investment holding, Shanghai Mori-Biounion Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanghai
                 Morimatsu Engineering Technology Co., Ltd., who are still at start-up stages.

    (c)   Pillar Two income taxes

          The Company is part of a multinational enterprise group which is subject to the Global Anti-Base Erosion
          Model Rules (“Pillar Two Model Rules”) published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
          Development.

          From 1 January 2024, the Group’s earnings in Sweden and Italy is subject to the domestic minimum top-up
          tax that was introduced by Sweden and Italy with effect from 1 January 2024.

          From 1 January 2025, the Group is also liable to Pillar Two income taxes under the Hong Kong Inland
          Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025 for its earnings
          in the Hong Kong SAR and certain other jurisdictions where a domestic minimum top-up tax has not been
          implemented, including the Chinese Mainland.

          The Group’s estimated effective tax rates of the majority of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates are
          higher than 15%, after taking into account the adjustments under Pillar Two Model Rules. Based on its best
          estimate, the management of the Group considered the top-up tax under the Pillar Two Model Rules for the
          year ended 31 December 2025 borne by Group is insignificant.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      7       DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

              Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
              the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

              Year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                  Salaries,              Contributions
                                                               allowances                to retirement
                                                 Director’s   and benefits Discretionary        benefit               Share-based
                                                       fee         in kind      bonuses       schemes     Sub-Total     payments      Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000
                                                                                                                          Note 30


                Executive directors
               Mr. Koei Nishimatsu                     158          4,931            427            —        5,516         15,019    20,535
               Mr. Weihua Tang                         158          1,906            799            71       2,934          9,848    12,782
               Mr. Ye Sheng                            158          1,891          2,336            71       4,456          1,171     5,627
               Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima                  158          1,400            239            —        1,797            585     2,382
               Mr. Jungo Hirazawa                      158            850            109            —        1,117            503     1,620

               Non-executive director
               Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa                  179             —              —              —         179          2,484     2,663

               Independent directors
               Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                 179             —              —              —         179             —        179
               Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                    179             —              —              —         179             —        179
               Mr. Yu Jianguo                          179             —              —              —         179             —        179


                                                     1,506         10,978          3,910           142      16,536         29,610    46,146




170       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




7   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (Continued)

    Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                    Salaries,                   Contributions
                                                allowances                      to retirement
                                  Director’s   and benefits     Discretionary          benefit               Share-based
                                        fee          in kind         bonuses         schemes     Sub-Total     payments       Total
                                  RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                                                 Note 30


     Executive directors
     Mr. Koei Nishimatsu               151            4,931              427               —        5,509         6,550      12,059
     Mr. Weihua Tang                   151            1,947              575               70       2,743         4,417       7,160
     Mr. Ye Sheng                      151            1,632            1,736               70       3,589         2,230       5,819
     Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima            151            1,243              239               —        1,633         1,115       2,748
     Mr. Jungo Hirazawa                151              872              112               —        1,135           957       2,092

     Non-executive director
     Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa            175                —               —                —          175         4,733       4,908

     Independent directors
     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly           175                —               —                —          175            —         175
     Mr. Kanno Shinichiro              175                —               —                —          175            —         175
     Mr. Yu Jianguo                    175                —               —                —          175            —         175


                                     1,455          10,625             3,089             140       15,309        20,002      35,311


    Mr. Weihua Tang, Mr. Ye Sheng, Mr. Koei Nishimatsu, Mr. Jungo Hirazawa, and Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima were
    appointed as executive director of the Company on 1 September 2020. Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa was appointed
    as non-executive director of the Company on 1 September 2020. They are also key management personnel of the
    Group during the reporting period. The remuneration disclosed above include those for services rendered by them
    as key management personnel.

    During 2025 and 2024, there was no amount paid or payable by the Group to the directors or any of the five
    highest paid individuals set out in Note 8 below as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
    compensation for loss of office.

    Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly, Mr. Kanno Shinichiro and Mr. Yu Jianguo were appointed as independent non-executive
    directors on 10 February 2021. Mr. Kanno Shinichiro passed away on 24 December 2025 and his directorship was
    terminated with immediate effect.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      8       INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

              Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments for the years ended 31 December 2025, three are directors
              (2024: three) whose emoluments are disclosed in Note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the
              remaining two individuals during 2025 (2024: two) are as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


                Salaries and other emoluments                                                   2,135                 2,531
                Discretionary bonuses                                                           2,295                 3,192
                Share-based payments (Note 30)                                                  6,925                 4,027
                Retirement scheme contributions                                                   142                   141


                                                                                               11,497                 9,891


              The emoluments of the individuals who are not directors and who are amongst the five highest paid individuals of
              the Group are within the following bands:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025             2024


                HKD4,000,001–HKD4,500,000                                                           1                     1
                HKD4,500,001–HKD5,000,000                                                           —                     —
                HKD5,000,001–HKD5,500,000                                                           —                     —
                HKD5,500,001–HKD6,000,000                                                           —                     —
                HKD6,000,001–HKD6,500,000                                                           —                     1
                HKD6,500,001–HKD7,000,000                                                           —                     —
                HKD7,000,001–HKD7,500,000                                                           —                     —
                HKD7,500,001–HKD8,000,000                                                           —                     —
                HKD8,000,001–HKD8,500,000                                                           1                     —




172       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




9   EARNINGS PER SHARE

    (a)   Basic earnings per share

          The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
          shareholders of the Company of RMB599,593,000 (2024: RMB737,241,000) and the weighted average of
          1,220,188,000 ordinary shares (2024: 1,190,522,000 shares) in issue during the year, calculated as follows:

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                       2025                       2024


           Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                            1,221,583,000                1,190,092,000
           Effect of treasury shares at 1 January                                           (64,566,000)                  (39,816,000)
           Effect of shares repurchase and cancelled (Note 31(b)(ii))                                —                      (1,443,000)
           Effect of exercise of share options (Note 31(b)(iii))                             13,813,000                      6,034,000
           Effect of exercised RSUs (Note 31(b)(iii))                                         5,942,000                             —
           Effect of vested shares options exercisable for no more than
              little consideration (Note (i) below)                                           43,416,000                   35,655,000


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares
            at 31 December                                                                1,220,188,000                1,190,522,000

          Note (i): The vested share options exercisable for no more than little consideration were included in the calculation of weighted
                    average number of ordinary shares from the vesting date.


    (b)   Diluted earnings per share

          The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
          shareholders of the Company of RMB599,593,000 (2024: RMB737,241,000) and the weighted average
          number of ordinary shares of 1,263,427,000 shares (2024: 1,250,235,000 shares), calculated as follows:

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                                       2025                       2024


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares
             at 31 December                                                               1,220,188,000                1,190,522,000
           Effect of deemed issue of shares under the Company’s
             Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and RSU Scheme (Note 30)                             43,239,000                   59,713,000


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)
            at 31 December                                                                1,263,427,000                1,250,235,000




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025      173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      10       PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                              Machinery             Office
                                                               Plant and            and          and other         Motor       Construction
                                                               buildings      equipment         equipment        vehicles       in progress        Total
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000


                 Cost or valuation:
                 At 1 January 2024                             1,414,022         491,962           154,002         25,806           707,996     2,793,788
                 Additions                                            —           41,647            16,240          1,911           379,941       439,739
                 Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu Dialog            —               984             7,171           209                —           8,364
                 Transfer from construction in progress          732,480          35,656            11,678         12,699          (792,513)            —
                 Disposals                                            —            (3,392)           (3,019)          148              (284)        (6,547)
                 Foreign exchange gain                                —                50               348            (69)              —             329


                 At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025        2,146,502        566,907           186,420         40,704           295,140     3,235,673
                 Additions                                            42         12,024            11,995          2,607           233,808       260,476
                 Effect of acquisition of the Bioengineering
                    Group                                            —             4,428             7,633         1,383                 —        13,444
                 Transfer from construction in progress         459,033           29,331             5,297           946           (494,607)          —
                 Disposals                                          (90)          (7,907)           (5,928)         (293)               (41)     (14,259)
                 Foreign exchange gain                               —               260               579            93             18,151       19,083


                 At 31 December 2025                           2,605,487        605,043           205,996         45,440            52,451     3,514,417


                 Accumulated depreciation:
                 At 1 January 2024                              (366,505)        (209,474)          (93,970)      (18,376)               —       (688,325)
                 Charge for the year                              (84,827)         (37,219)         (26,063)        (5,128)              —       (153,237)
                 Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu Dialog              (2)             (94)          (1,019)           (36)             —          (1,151)
                 Written back on disposal                              —             2,712             2,613          (166)              —           5,159
                 Foreign exchange loss                                 —                  (5)             (45)           13              —              (37)


                 At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025         (451,334)       (244,080)         (118,484)      (23,693)                —      (837,591)
                 Charge for the year                             (99,516)        (40,879)          (26,048)       (5,582)                —      (172,025)
                 Effect of acquisition of the Bioengineering
                    Group                                              —           (1,657)          (6,048)          (885)               —        (8,590)
                 Written back on disposal                              44           6,178            5,252            265                —        11,739
                 Foreign exchange loss                                 —               21             (117)           (20)               —          (116)


                 At 31 December 2025                            (550,806)       (280,417)         (145,445)      (29,915)                —     (1,006,583)


                 Net book Value:
                 At 31 December 2025                           2,054,681        324,626             60,551        15,525            52,451     2,507,834


                 At 31 December 2024                           1,695,168         322,827            67,936         17,011           295,140     2,398,082




174        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




11   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                  Leasehold        Machinery
                                                  Land use        plant and              and
                                                     right         buildings       equipment                Total
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


      Balance at 1 January 2024                     170,295            18,314               956            189,565
      Additions                                          —             60,725               541             61,266
      Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu
        Dialog                                       12,333                475                 —             12,808
      Termination                                         —               (338)               (22)             (360)
      Depreciation charge for the year                (9,548)          (10,364)             (336)           (20,248)
      Foreign exchange gain/(loss)                       627               (12)                —                615


      Balance at 31 December 2024
        and 1 January 2025                          173,707            68,800             1,139            243,646
      Additions                                          —             26,150               558             26,708
      Effect of acquisition of the
        Bioengineering Group                              —             12,804                 —             12,804
      Termination                                         —                (31)               (79)             (110)
      Depreciation charge for the year                (9,895)          (30,232)             (436)           (40,563)
      Foreign exchange gain/(loss)                       549               183                 (2)              730


      Balance at 31 December 2025                  164,361             77,674             1,180           243,215


     The Group has obtained land use rights held for own use in Mainland China with remaining lease term of 30 to 50
     years.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025     175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      12       INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                         Construction
                                                              Software        Patent      in progress            Total
                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


                 Cost:
                 At 1 January 2024                              70,988             —             1,017           72,005
                 Additions                                      16,959         26,517              978           44,454
                 Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu
                   Dialog                                           107            —                 —               107
                 Transfer from construction in progress           1,995            —             (1,995)              —
                 Disposals                                       (7,417)           —                 —            (7,417)


                 At 31 December 2024 and
                   1 January 2025                               82,632        26,517                —          109,149
                 Additions                                      14,574         4,528               631          19,733
                 Effect of acquisition of the
                   Bioengineering Group                         10,871        17,915                —            28,786
                 Transfer from construction in progress             83            —                (83)              —
                 Disposals                                     (11,829)           —                 —           (11,829)


                 At 31 December 2025                            96,331        48,960               548         145,839


                 Accumulated amortisation:
                 At 1 January 2024                              (41,393)           —                 —           (41,393)
                 Charge for the year                            (17,324)       (3,977)               —           (21,301)
                 Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu
                   Dialog                                          (36)            —                 —               (36)
                 Written back on disposal                        7,291             —                 —             7,291


                 At 31 December 2024 and
                   1 January 2025                              (51,462)        (3,977)               —          (55,439)
                 Charge for the year                           (19,590)        (5,524)               —          (25,114)
                 Effect of acquisition of the
                   Bioengineering Group                           (714)            —                 —             (714)
                 Written back on disposal                       11,829             —                 —           11,829


                 At 31 December 2025                           (59,937)        (9,501)               —          (69,438)


                 Net book value:
                 At 31 December 2025                            36,394        39,459               548           76,401


                 At 31 December 2024                            31,170         22,540                —           53,710


               The amortisation charge for the year is included in “General and administrative expenses” and “Research and
               development expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

176        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

     The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities
     of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

                                                  Place of incorporation/         Registered     Effective interest held
                                                  operation, date of           capital/issued       by the Company
                                                  incorporation/business    and fully paid up
      Name of company                             combination                          capital      Direct      Indirect   Principal activities


      Pharmadule Engineering India Private Limited India                        INR49,990,000/          —        73.99%    Purchase of materials and design of pressure
         (“Pharmadule India”)                          15 May 2017               INR49,990,000                                equipment.

      Pharmadule Morimatsu AB                     Sweden                         SEK2,000,000/          —        73.99%    Designing and engineering of modular
         (“Pharmadule Sweden”)                       3 March 2011                 SEK2,000,000                                manufacturing facilities for the
                                                                                                                              pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and fast-
                                                                                                                              moving consumer goods industries.

      Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry Co., Ltd. The PRC                    USD141,378,000/           —         100%     Chemical industry, oil and gas refining,
        (“Morimatsu Heavy Industry”)                  13 May 2008             USD141,378,000                                  metallurgy, water treatment, new energy and
        (森松(江蘇)重工有限公司) (i) (iii) (iv)                                                                                         other industries related to traditional pressure
                                                                                                                              equipment (reactor, heat exchanger, vessel,
                                                                                                                              tower) and modular pressure equipment.

      Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical           The PRC                      RMB99,255,819/      17.44%        56.55%    Process equipment and modular process system
         Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd.             29 November 2001           RMB87,596,276                                 and facility in pharmaceutical and consumer
         (“Morimatsu Pharmaceutical”)                                                                                         goods industry.
         (上海森松製藥設備工程有限公司) (i) (iv)

      Morimatsu (China) Investment Co., Ltd.      The PRC                     USD103,009,000/        100%             —    Investment holding.
        (“Morimatsu China”)                          7 June 2010              USD103,009,000
        (森松(中國)投資有限公司) (i) (iii) (iv)

      Pharmadule Morimatsu Inc.                   USA                               USD5,000/           —        73.99%    Sales center, after-sales service center and
         (“Pharmadule US”)                           30 June 2011                   USD5,000                                   purchasing center of LifeSciences segment in
                                                                                                                               the United States.

      Pharmadule Technology and Service           Japan                        JPY100,000,000/          —        73.99%    Sales activities for the Group’s products in Japan.
         Company Limited (previous name:             31 January 2014            JPY100,000,000
         Morimatsu Technology and Service
         Company Limited) (“Morimatsu
         Japan”)

      Morimatsu Italy S.R.L. (“Morimatsu Italy”) Italy                            EUR200,000/           —        73.99%    Sales activities for the Group’s products in Italy.
                                                      26 November 2020             EUR200,000




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025                     177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      13       INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                             Place of incorporation/          Registered     Effective interest held
                                                             operation, date of            capital/issued       by the Company
                                                             incorporation/business     and fully paid up
                 Name of company                             combination                           capital      Direct      Indirect    Principal activities


                 Morimatsu (Suzhou) LifeSciences Co., Ltd.   The PRC                      RMB847,779,572/           —        73.99%     Designing and engineering of modular
                   (“Morimatsu LifeSciences”)                   26 September 2021          RMB847,779,572                                  manufacturing facilities for the
                   (森松(蘇州)生命科技有限公司) (i) (iii) (iv)                                                                                         pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                           industries.

                 Shanghai Morimatsu Engineering Technology The PRC                         RMB60,000,000/           —         100%      Designing of modular manufacturing facilities.
                    Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu Engineering         19 November 2021              RMB60,000,000
                    Technology”)
                    (上海森松工程技術有限公司) (i) (iii) (iv)

                 Shanghai Morimatsu Biotechnology            The PRC                       RMB50,000,000/           —        73.99%     Research and development of biological
                    Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu                       17 January 2022             RMB50,000,000                                  technology and the manufacturing and sales
                    Biotechnology”)                                                                                                        of related special equipment.
                    (上海森松生物科技有限公司) (i) (iii) (iv)

                 Shanghai Mori-Biounion Technology           The PRC                       RMB41,300,000/           —        73.99%     Provision of biotechnology consulting and
                    Co., Ltd. (“Mori-Biounion                   24 May 2022                 RMB41,300,000                                  services, as well as the production and sales of
                    Technology”)                                                                                                           related products.
                    (上海森眾生物技術有限公司) (i) (iii) (iv)

                 Morimatsu Houston Corporation               USA                              USD300,000/           —         100%      Sales activities for the Group’s products in USA.
                                                                28 February 2022              USD300,000
                                                                (business combination
                                                                under the common
                                                                control)

                 Morimatsu Pharmadule Singapore Pte. Ltd.    Singapore                      SGD3,000,000/           —        73.99%     Provision of technical and service support for the
                   (“Pharmadule Singapore”)                      16 January 2023             SGD3,000,000                                  Group’s business expansion in Southeast Asia.

                 Shanghai Morimatsu Hi-Purity Neo-Tech Co., The PRC                        RMB40,000,000/           —          88%      Development and sales of high-purity chemical
                    Ltd. (“Morimatsu Hi-Purity”)               3 August 2023                RMB8,800,000                                   reagent production technology and
                    (上海森松皓純新材料科技有限公司) (i)                                                                                                  equipment.
                    (iv)

                 Shanghai Morimatsu Semi-Chem Equipment The PRC                            RMB10,000,000/           —       48.4%(ii)   Manufacture and sale of semiconductor special
                    Co., Ltd.                              2 November 2023                  RMB4,300,000                                  equipment.
                    (“Semi-Chem Equipment”)
                    (上海森美科半導體設備有限公司)
                    (i) (iv)




178        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                  Place of incorporation/         Registered     Effective interest held
                                                  operation, date of           capital/issued       by the Company
                                                  incorporation/business    and fully paid up
     Name of company                              combination                          capital      Direct      Indirect   Principal activities


     Morimatsu Lifesciences (Singapore)           Singapore                       USD300,000/           —        73.99%    Provision of technical and service support.
       Pte. Ltd. (“Morimatsu Lifesciences             22 December 2023            USD300,000
       Singapore”)

     Morimatsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.              Singapore                     SGD4,000,000/        100%             —    Provision of technical and service support.
                                                      17 October 2023            SGD4,000,000

     Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Japan                            JPY100,000,000/          —         100%     Provision of technical and service support.
       Limited                                   1 December 2023                JPY100,000,000

     Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD.        Malaysia                   MYR341,300,000/          51%             —    Production and sales of pressure equipment.
       (“Morimatsu Dialog”)                          1 January 2024          MYR341,300,000

     Morimatsu International Investment Company Hong Kong                         HKD210,000/        100%             —    Investment holding.
       Limited (“MII”)                             25 March 2024                  HKD210,000

     Shandong Keda Chemical Engineering Design The PRC                         RMB17,000,000/           —         100%     Structural design, special equipment design and
        Co, Ltd. (“Shandong Keda”)                15 March 2024                 RMB17,000,000                                  engineering cost consultancy.
        (山東科達化工工程有限公司) (i) (iii) (iv)

     Morimatsu Engineering & Technology           Malaysia                      MYR3,000,000/           —         100%     Technology hubs and engineering services centers
       (Malaysia) SDN. BHD.                          27 January 2025            MYR3,000,000                                  for the Group’s energy materials segment in
       (“MET Malaysia”)                                                                                                       Southeast Asia.

     Shanghai MoriSora Technology Co., Ltd.       The PRC                      RMB12,000,000/           —        73.99%    Research and development, production and sales
        (“MoriSora Technology”)                      13 February 2025           RMB3,600,000                                  of drying equipment, cleaning equipment,
        (上海森紘科技有限公司) (i) (iv)                                                                                                 sterilization equipment and conveyor systems.

     Morimatsu (Thailand) Co., Ltd.               Thailand                      THB2,000,000/           —        51.79%    Sales activities for the Group’s products in
       (“Morimatsu Thailand”)                        30 April 2025               THB2,000,000                                  Thailand.

     Morimatsu Engineering & Technology (Italy)   Italy                             EUR4,500/           —         100%     Sales activities for the Group’s products in Italy.
       S.R.L. (“MET Italy”)                            8 August 2025                       Nil

     Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Technology & Trade       The PRC                      RMB10,000,000/           —         100%     Import and export of machinery and equipment,
       Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu Technology              29 August 2025             RMB10,000,000                                 special equipment, specialized production
       and Trade”)                                                                                                            equipment and spare parts for the oil refining/
       (森松(江蘇)科技商貿有限公司) (i) (iii) (iv)                                                                                        chemical/new energy industries, metal
                                                                                                                              materials, and structural components.




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025                     179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      13       INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                Place of incorporation/         Registered      Effective interest held
                                                                operation, date of           capital/issued        by the Company
                                                                incorporation/business    and fully paid up
                  Name of company                               combination                          capital       Direct      Indirect   Principal activities


                  Bioengineering AG                             Switzerland                   CHF7,000,000/            —         100%     Sales activities for the Group’s products in
                                                                   10 September 2025          CHF7,000,000                                    Switzerland.

                  Bioengineering Korea Ltd.                     South Korea                KRW100,000,000/             —         100%     Sales activities for the Group’s products in South
                                                                   10 September 2025       KRW100,000,000                                     Korea.

                  Bioengineering Inc.                           USA                        USD1,951,183.15/            —         100%     Sales activities for the Group’s products in USA.
                                                                   10 September 2025       USD1,951,183.15

                  Bioengineering Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   The PRC                         USD200,000/            —         100%     Sales activities for the Group’s products in the
                     (拜通園國際貿易(上海)有限公司) (i) (iii)                   10 September 2025            USD200,000                                    PRC.
                     (iv)

                  Shanghai Morimatsu Fluorotech                 The PRC                       RMB2,000,000/            —          66%     Manufacturing and sales of linings for
                     Innovation Co., Ltd.                          10 October 2025              RMB410,000                                  metal storage tanks and metal piping,
                     (“MFT”)                                                                                                                and the processing and sales of
                     (上海森松氟創科技有限公司) (i) (iv)                                                                                                polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) gaskets.

                  Morimatsu Engineering and Technology          India                            INR100,000/           —         100%     Vital technical service hub and market
                    (India) Co., Private Limited                    21 November 2025                      Nil                                 development center for the Group’s energy
                    (“MET India”)                                                                                                             materials segment in India.


               (i)         The English translation of these entities is for reference only. The official name of the companies established in the PRC is in
                           Chinese.

               (ii)        Semi-Chem Equipment is a subsidiary of a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and, accordingly, is accounted for as a
                           subsidiary by virtue of the Company’s control over it.

               (iii)       These entities are wholly-foreign-owned enterprises established in the PRC.

               (iv)        These entities are limited liability companies established in the PRC.

               (v)         The direct and indirect effective interest of subsidiaries located in PRC held by the Company disclosed above are calculated based
                           on the registered share capital as recorded in the official registration records of the administration for industrial and commercial.




180        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     (a)   Business combinations through acquisition of subsidiaries

           (i)   Acquisition of the Bioengineering Group

                 On 10 September 2025, MII, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into equity transfer agreements
                 with two independent third parties, pursuant to which, MII agreed to acquire 100% equity interest in
                 Bioengineering AG and its subsidiaries (the “Bioengineering Group”), including Bioengineering
                 Korea Ltd., Bioengineering Inc. and Bioengineering Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.. The consideration
                 for this acquisition comprises a cash payment of CHF22,120,000 (equivalent to RMB196,932,000)
                 and the repayment of shareholder loans of CHF820,000 (equivalent to RMB7,345,000) on behalf of
                 Bioengineering AG to its former shareholders. Upon completion of the equity transfer, the Company
                 indirectly holds 100% equity interest in the Bioengineering Group.

                 The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the Bioengineering Group as at the date of
                 acquisition were as follows:

                                                                                                         Fair value
                                                                                                     recognised on
                                                                                                        acquisition
                                                                                                          RMB’000


                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                  4,854
                  Right-of-use assets                                                                          12,804
                  Intangible assets                                                                            28,072
                  Deferred tax assets                                                                              924
                  Other non-current assets                                                                       2,839
                  Inventories                                                                                  49,993
                  Contract assets                                                                             119,126
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                  15,542
                  Cash and bank deposits                                                                       19,845
                  Non-current assets due within one year                                                         1,819
                  Trade and other payables                                                                    (43,060)
                  Contract liabilities                                                                       (134,232)
                  Lease liabilities                                                                           (13,022)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      (6,316)


                  Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                  59,188


                  Goodwill on acquisition                                                                     145,089


                  Consideration                                                                               204,277




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025     181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      13	INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

            (a)	Business combinations through acquisition of subsidiaries (Continued)

                    (i)	Acquisition of the Bioengineering Group (Continued)

                             An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of a subsidiary is as follows:

                                                                                                                          RMB’000


                               Cash consideration paid                                                                    (204,277)
                               Cash and bank balances acquired                                                              19,845


                               Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
                                 investing activities in 2025                                                             (184,432)
                               Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows from operating
                                 activities in 2025                                                                         (2,468)


                               Total net cash outflow in 2025                                                             (186,900)


                    (ii)     Acquisition of Morimatsu Dialog

                             Pursuant to the supplemental agreement to the joint venture agreement dated on 1 January 2024,
                             the Group acquired its joint venture, Morimatsu Dialog for nil cash consideration. The fair value of
                             the 49% equity interest in Morimatsu Dialog, measured at the acquisition date, is RMB55,176,000.
                             In 2024, the Group has injected MYR110,670,000 (equivalent to RMB175,329,000) in total to
                             Morimatsu Dialog. In 2024, the non-controlling shareholder of Morimatsu Dialog, Dialog Fabricators
                             SDN. BHD. has injected MYR106,330,000 (equivalent to RMB169,136,000) in total.

                    (iii)    Acquisition of Mori-Biounion Technology

                             In June 2024, the non-controlling shareholders of Mori-Biounion Technology has injected capital
                             of RMB6,800,000 in total. In June 2024, the holding company of Mori-Biounion Technology,
                             Morimatsu Biotechnology, acquired 40.68% of the equity interest from the non-controlling
                             shareholders for a cash consideration of RMB16,800,000, which was fully paid. According to the
                             articles of association, the Group obtained 100% of the equity interest of Mori-Biounion Technology
                             on 30 June 2024.

                    (iv)     Acquisition of Morimatsu Biotechnology

                             In April and May 2024, the non-controlling shareholders of Morimatsu Biotechnology has injected
                             RMB7,475,000 to Morimatsu Biotechnology. In June 2024, the holding company of Morimatsu
                             Biotechnology, Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, acquired 27.75% of the equity interest from the
                             non-controlling shareholders for a cash consideration of RMB12,755,000, which was fully paid.
                             Pursuant to the articles of association, the Group obtained 100% of the equity interest of Morimatsu
                             Biotechnology, on 24 June 2024.




182     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     (b)   Asset acquisition through acquisition of a subsidiary

           (i)   Acquisition of Shandong Keda

                 In March 2024, Morimatsu Engineering Technology, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired
                 100% equity interest in Shandong Keda at the cash consideration of RMB17,870,000, of which
                 RMB11,570,000 was paid as at 31 December 2024. Pursuant to the articles of association, the Group
                 obtained 100% of the equity interest of Shandong Keda on 15 March 2024.

                 Management accounted for the transaction as acquisition of assets in accordance with the
                 amendments to HKFRS 3 (Revised), Business Combinations which required the cost of acquisition to
                 be allocated to intangible assets of the acquired company on the basis of their relative fair values at
                 the respective date of acquisition as summarised below:

                                                                                                           RMB’000


                  Intangible assets                                                                            26,517
                  Inventories                                                                                     160
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                   2,040
                  Cash and bank deposits                                                                          336
                  Trade and other payables                                                                    (11,183)


                  Total identifiable net assets at fair value acquired                                         17,870


                  Satisfied by:
                  Cash consideration                                                                           17,870


                 An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                           RMB’000


                  Cash consideration                                                                          (17,870)
                  Cash and bank deposits acquired                                                                 336


                  Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
                    investing activities                                                                      (17,534)




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025     183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      13	INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

            (c)     Capital injection from NCI

                    (i)      Morimatsu Dialog’s capital injection from NCI

                             During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group and the minority shareholder of Morimatsu
                             Dialog conducted pro rata cash capital injections based on their original ownership ratios
                             (51%/49%). The Group contributed RMB30,518,000, and minority shareholder contributed
                             RMB29,204,000, with a total capital injection of RMB59,722,000. Upon completion, the Group’s
                             ownership interest in the subsidiary remained at 51% and control was maintained. This transaction
                             qualifies as an equity transaction and no profit or loss was recognised. The contributions were directly
                             recognised in equity, increasing equity attributable to owners of the parent and non-controlling
                             interests respectively.

                             The following table lists out the information relating to Morimatsu Dialog, the subsidiary of the
                             Group which has a material non-controlling interest (NCI). The summarised financial information
                             presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination.

                                                                                                   2025                     2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                              Morimatsu                 Morimatsu
                                                                                                 Dialog                    Dialog


                               NCI percentage                                                      49.00%                 49.00%

                               Current assets                                                     147,028                 236,707
                               Non-current assets                                                 515,772                 291,287
                               Current liabilities                                               (138,761)                (59,432)
                               Non-current liabilities                                             (5,728)                (10,855)
                               Net assets                                                         518,311                 457,707
                               Carrying amount of NCI                                             253,972                 224,276

                               Revenue                                                            137,664                 104,241
                               Loss from the year                                                 (30,636)                (12,199)
                               Total comprehensive income for the year                                882                     638
                               Total comprehensive income allocated to NCI                            432                     313

                               Cash flows from operating activities                               (57,819)                 35,036
                               Cash flows from investing activities                              (155,277)               (303,552)
                               Cash flows from financing activities                                59,722                 338,453




184     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13	INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     (c)	Capital injection from NCI (Continued)

              (ii)       MoriSora Technology’s capital injection from NCI

                         On 13 February 2025, the Group and four independent third parties established a new subsidiary,
                         MoriSora Technology. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group contributed
                         RMB2,520,000, and minority shareholders contributed RMB1,080,000, with a total capital injection
                         of RMB3,600,000.

              (iii)      Semi-Chem Equipment’s capital injection from NCI

                         During the year ended 31 December 2025, the minority shareholder of Semi-Chem Equipment
                         conducted cash capital injections of RMB1,000,000.

              (iv)       MFT’s capital injection from NCI

                         On 10 October 2025, Morimatsu Hi-Purity, a subsidiary of the Company and an independent third
                         party established a new subsidiary, MFT. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company
                         contributed RMB260,000, and minority shareholder contributed RMB150,000, with a total capital
                         injection of RMB410,000.



14   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES

     Details of the Group’s interest in the associates, which are accounted for using the equity method in the
     consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                                 Proportion of
                                                                                               ownership interest
                                             Forms of       Place of         Particulars of    Groups’
                                             business       incorporation       issued and    effective Held by a
      Name of associates                     structure      and business    paid up capital    interest subsidiary   Principal activities


      Jiangsu Qunchuang Wisdom New Material Incorporated    The PRC         RMB662,000,000/     9.06%        9.06%   Research and development, manufacturing
          Co., Ltd.                                                          RMB572,000,000                             and sales of new membrane materials
          (江蘇群創智慧新材料有限公司)

      Mori-Union Microchannel Industrial     Incorporated   The PRC          RMB10,000,000/    36.00%       36.00%   Research and development of microchannel
        Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                   RMB1,000,000                              reactors
        (上海森聯微通工業裝備有限公司)

      An Yi Morimatsu Gao Kun Number One Incorporated       The PRC          RMB20,200,000/    24.75%       24.75%   Engaged in activities such as equity
         Venture Capital Fund Partnership                                     RMB20,000,000                             investment and investment management
         (Limited Partnership)
         (安義森松高鯤壹號創業投資基金合夥
         企業(有限合夥))


                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025                 185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      14	INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

            Jiangsu Qunchuang Wisdom New Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Qunchuang”) was established on 1 July
            2022 by Morimatsu Pharmaceutical with two other investors in China. The registered capital of the company is
            RMB662,000,000. Morimatsu Pharmaceutical holds 9.06% equity interest of the company, which is passively
            diluted from 20%. The Group still has significant influence over Jiangsu Qunchuang as the Group has appointed
            one director. The capital of RMB60,000,000 from Morimatsu Pharmaceutical has been injected into the company
            on 22 July 2022, 23 February 2023 and 26 December 2023 respectively.

            Mori-Union Microchannel Industrial Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Mori-Union Microchannel”) was established on 11
            July 2022 by Morimatsu Heavy Industry with three other investors in China. The registered capital of the company is
            RMB10,000,000. Morimatsu Heavy Industry holds 36% equity interest of the company. The capital of RMB360,000
            from Morimatsu Heavy Industry has been injected into the company on 29 August 2022 and 4 September 2023
            respectively.

            An Yi Morimatsu Gao Kun Number One Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“An Yi”) was
            established on 30 May 2023 by Morimatsu Heavy Industry with seven partners in China. The registered capital of the
            company is RMB20,200,000. Morimatsu Heavy Industry holds 24.75% equity interest of the company. The capital
            of RMB5,000,000 from Morimatsu Heavy Industry has been injected into the company on 7 July 2023.

            The Group accounts for Jiangsu Qunchuang, Mori-Union Microchannel and An Yi as an investment in associates
            using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements of the Group under applicable financial reporting
            standards.

            Jiangsu Qunchuang, Mori-Union Microchannel and An Yi are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price
            is not available.

            Jiangsu Qunchuang, Mori-Union Microchannel and An Yi are still under start-up process.

            The total comprehensive losses of Jiangsu Qunchuang in 2025 are RMB15,900,000 (in 2024: RMB3,455,000), and
            the net assets of RMB552,738,000 (2024: RMB454,533,000) are mainly paid up capital.

            The total comprehensive losses of Mori-Union Microchannel in 2025 are RMB56,000 (in 2024: The total
            comprehensive income is RMB162,000) and the net asset of RMB1,118,000 (2024: RMB1,174,000) is mainly paid
            up capital.

            The total comprehensive income of An Yi in 2025 is RMB989,000 (in 2024: The total comprehensive losses are
            RMB105,000) and the net asset of RMB20,867,000 (2024: RMB19,893,000) is mainly paid up capital.




186     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




15   INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES

     Details of the Group’s interests in the joint ventures, which is accounted for using the equity method in the
     consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                                Proportion of
                                                                                              ownership interest
                                         Forms of       Place of         Particulars of       Groups’
                                         business       incorporation issued and paid-       effective Held by a
      Name of joint venture              structure      and business        up capital        interest subsidiary     Principal activity


      Morsburn Engineering and           Incorporated   The United States        USD2,000     51.00%       51.00%     Providing engineering technology, support and
        Technology LLC                                                                                                   equipment to projects

      Shanghai Ei-Mori Fluid Equipment   Incorporated   The PRC             RMB10,000,000/    51.00%       51.00%     Research and development, manufacturing and
         CO., LTD.                                                           RMB1,000,000                                sales of valves
         (上海森熠智造流體設備有限公司)

     Morsburn Engineering and Technology LLC (“Morsburn”) was established on 26 October 2024 by Morimatsu
     Houston Corporation with a joint venturer in the United States.

     Shanghai Ei-Mori Fluid Equipment CO., LTD. (“Ei-Mori Fluid”) was established on 3 June 2025 by Morimatsu
     Heavy Industry with a joint venturer in the PRC.

     The Group accounts for Morsburn and Ei-Mori Fluid as an investment in a joint venture using the equity method in
     the consolidated financial statements of the Group under applicable financial reporting standards, as Morsburn and
     Ei-Mori Fluid is under joint control.

     Morsburn and Ei-Mori Fluid are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available.

     The total comprehensive income of Morsburn in 2025 is nil, and the net assets of RMB14,000 is mainly paid up
     capital.

     The total comprehensive losses of Ei-Mori Fluid in 2025 are RMB196,000, and the net assets of RMB804,000 is
     mainly paid up capital.


16   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


      Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                                                 14,886                            15,580
      Long-term deferred expense                                                                                    38,288                            17,521
      Leasing receivables                                                                                            1,373                                —


                                                                                                                    54,547                            33,101



                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025                  187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      17       GOODWILL

                                                                                                                         RMB’000


                 Cost:
                 At 31 December 2025                                                                                      145,089

                 Accumulated impairment losses:
                 At 31 December 2025                                                                                             —


                 Net value:
                 At 31 December 2025                                                                                      145,089


               The recoverable amounts of the Bioengineering Group CGU were estimated based on the value in use. These
               calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by the management covering a five-year
               period. The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the relevant industry, the CGU itself
               and macro-environment. The key assumptions used in estimating the recoverable amount are as follows:

                                                                                                                              As at
                                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                                              2025


                 Annual revenue growth rate during the forecast period (i):                22.00%, 20.00%, 19.00%, 17.00%, 12.00%
                 Gross profit margin                                                       17.05%, 19.35%, 21.18%, 22.26%, 21.53%
                 Growth rate beyond the forecast period                                                                     0.00%
                 Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                     11.85%


               (i)      The basis used to determine the value assigned to the annual growth rate of revenue was based on the
                        average growth levels experienced over the past years and the estimated sales volume and price growth for
                        the next five years.

               Details of the headroom calculated based on the recoverable amounts deducting the carrying amount of the CGU
               is set out as follows:

                                                                                                                          As at
                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


                 the Bioengineering Group CGU                                                                                5,842




188        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




17	GOODWILL (Continued)

     Management have undertaken sensitive analysis on the impairment of goodwill. The following table sets out the
     hypothetical changes to annual growth rate of revenue during the 5-year forecast period, gross margin rate and
     discount rate that would, in isolation, have removed the remaining headroom respectively as at 31 December,
     2025:

                                                                                                          As at
                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                          2025


      Annual growth rate of revenue during the 5-year forecast period                                     -0.27%
      Gross margin rate                                                                                   -0.17%
      Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                0.21%


     The Group performs impairment test on goodwill as of 31 December, 2025. The recoverable amount of the CGU
     based on the VIU calculations is higher than its carrying amount as at 31 December, 2025. With regard to the
     assessment of the VIU of the CGUs, the directors of the Company believe that any reasonably possible change in
     any of the above key assumptions would not cause the carrying value, including goodwill, of the CGUs to exceed
     the recoverable amounts.

     As at 31 December, 2025, the management has considered and assessed all available internal and external sources
     of information and has not identified any indications that an impairment loss of goodwill may have occurred.
     Therefore the management did not make a formal estimate of the recoverable amounts of the Bioengineering
     Group CGU as at 31 December, 2025.


18   INVENTORIES

     (a)    Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000



             Raw materials                                                          307,840               304,819
             Work in progress                                                       422,575               492,424


                                                                                    730,415               797,243




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      18	INVENTORIES (Continued)

               (b)     The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and
                       included in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Carrying amount of inventories sold                                  5,105,636               4,881,229
                         Write-down of inventories                                               33,083                  18,313
                         Reversal of write-down of inventories                                     (370)                   (965)
                         Recognised in research and development expenses                        178,130                 171,636


                                                                                              5,316,479               5,070,213


                       The reversal of write-down of inventories made in prior years arose due to an increase in the estimated net
                       realisable value as a result of changes in contract prices.


      19       CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

               (a)     Contract assets

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Contract assets
                         Arising from revenue recognised over time                            1,618,414                 938,869


                         Receivables from contracts with customers within the scope
                           of HKFRS 15, which are included in “Trade and other
                           receivables” (Note 20)                                                971,309              1,035,842


                       Contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed but not yet
                       reached the milestones for billing at the reporting date. The Group’s contracts include payment schedules
                       which require stage payments over the delivery period once milestones are reached. Contract assets are
                       transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.




190        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




19	CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

    (b)   Contract liabilities

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


           Contract liabilities
           Billings in advance of performance                                         1,221,152              1,476,247


          Contract liabilities primarily relate to the consideration received from customers in advance, for which
          revenue is recognised based on the progress of the provision of related services.

                                                                                                             Contract
                                                                                                            liabilities
                                                                                                              RMB’000


           Movement in contract liabilities

           At 1 January 2024                                                                                 2,290,334
           Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year
             that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                     (2,000,290)
           Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of construction and
             manufacturing activities                                                                        1,186,203


           At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                           1,476,247
           Effect of acquisition of the Bioengineering Group                                                  134,232
           Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year
             that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                    (1,055,831)
           Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of construction and
             manufacturing activities                                                                         666,504


           At 31 December 2025                                                                              1,221,152




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025    191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      20       TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Bills receivable (Note (a)(i))                                                        42,043                   45,238
                 Trade debtors net of loss allowance                                                  971,309                1,035,842
                 Other debtors                                                                        123,980                   85,425


                 Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                        1,137,332                1,166,505


                 Prepayments                                                                          208,189                  181,435


                                                                                                    1,345,521                1,347,940


               All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense within one year.

               (a)     Transfers of financial assets

                       The Group endorsed bank acceptance bills to its suppliers for settling trade payables of the same amounts on
                       a full recourse basis. All bank acceptance bills had a maturity of less than one year from the issuance date.
                       As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have bill receivable (as at 31 December 2024: nil) pledged.

                       (i)      Transferred financial assets that were derecognised in their entirety

                                The bills accepted by banks with high credit quality were derecognised when they were endorsed.
                                In the opinion of the directors, the Group did not retain substantially all the risks and rewards of
                                ownership of these bills, because the credit risk of the acceptance banks was very low and the
                                Group had transferred out all interest risk of the bills upon endorsement. As the transferees had
                                the practical ability to further endorse or discount the bills, control of these bills were transferred
                                upon endorsement and thus they were derecognised. As at 31 December 2025, bills endorsed and
                                derecognised, but yet reached maturity amounted to RMB278,157,000 (as at 31 December 2024:
                                RMB213,210,000). This represents the Group’s maximum exposure to loss should the acceptance
                                banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. However, non-settlement by those acceptance banks
                                was considered unlikely.

                       (ii)     Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

                                The other bank acceptance bills with a total carrying amount of RMB32,256,000 endorsed by the
                                Group to its suppliers as at 31 December 2025 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB30,969,000) to settle
                                trade payables of the same amounts, were not derecognised. In the opinion of the directors, the
                                Group retained substantially all risks and rewards of these bank acceptance bills, and accordingly, it
                                continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of these bills receivable and the associated liabilities.




192        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




20   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     (b)   Ageing analysis

           As of the end of each reporting period, an ageing analysis of the trade debtors (which are included in trade
           and other receivables), based on the date of invoice and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 3 months                                                            440,559                277,753
            More than 3 months but less than 1 year                                    201,888                434,838
            More than 1 year but less than 2 years                                     257,268                273,638
            More than 2 years                                                           71,594                 49,613


                                                                                       971,309              1,035,842


           Trade debtors and bills receivable are mainly due within 30–120 days from the date of invoice. Further details
           on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk rising from trade debtors are set out in Note 32(a).


21   CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
     INFORMATION

     (a)   Cash and bank deposits and restricted cash comprise:

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


            Cash and bank balances                                                  1,547,970               1,477,549
            Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of three
              months or less when acquired                                          1,353,541                 947,215


            Sub-total                                                               2,901,511               2,424,764

            Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of over
              three months when acquired                                               230,556                170,684


            Cash and bank deposits                                                  3,132,067               2,595,448
            Restricted cash                                                             1,643                   3,188


            Total                                                                   3,133,710               2,598,636


           As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have deposits pledged to banks (as at 31 December 2024: nil).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025     193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      21       CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
               INFORMATION (Continued)

               (b)     Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     Note          2025          2024
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


                         Profit before taxation                                                 717,046        911,254

                         Adjustments for:
                         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                5(c)      172,025        153,237
                         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          5(c)       40,563         20,248
                         Amortisation of intangible assets                            5(c)       25,114         21,301
                         Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment,
                            intangible assets and other long-term assets               4          2,080             553
                         Changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities     4         (4,043)           (854)
                         Interest income                                               4        (74,673)       (59,987)
                         Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                      1,791          (4,811)
                         Finance costs                                               5(a)        16,458         10,448
                         Share of results of joint ventures                           15            100              —
                         Share of results of associates                               14          1,222             491
                         Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                 5(b)        64,920         60,840
                         Net realised gains on financial assets measured at fair
                            value through profit or loss                               4        (11,532)       (10,066)

                         Changes in working capital

                         Increase in deferred tax assets                              26        (15,584)          (8,327)
                         Decrease in deferred tax liabilities                         26         (4,966)          (3,592)
                         Decrease in inventories                                      18        117,068      1,003,694
                         Increase in contract assets                                  19       (560,419)        (72,559)
                         Decrease in trade and other receivables                      20         16,886        144,444
                         Decrease in other non-current assets                                    15,990            8,068
                         Decrease in contract liabilities                             19       (389,327)      (861,554)
                         Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables              23        286,244       (158,417)
                         Increase in forward exchange contracts                                   1,789              172
                         Increase for deferred income                                 28            948            1,614
                         Increase/(decrease) in provisions                            27          4,128             (518)
                         Decrease/(increase) in restricted cash                       21          1,545           (3,188)


                         Net cash flows generated from operating
                          activities                                                            425,373      1,152,491




194        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




21   CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
     INFORMATION (Continued)

     (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities


                                                  Bank loans                   Other non-
                                                   and other         Lease         current
                                                 borrowings      liabilities    liabilities          Total
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                   (Note 24)     (Note 25)      (Note 29)


            At 1 January 2024                        365,083         19,250             —            384,333


            Changes from financing
               cash flows:
            Proceeds from bank loans                  17,622             —              —             17,622
            Capital element of lease rentals
               paid                                       —         (12,943)            —             (12,943)
            Interest element of lease rentals
               paid                                        —         (1,948)            —              (1,948)
            Repayment of bank loans                 (165,132)            —              —           (165,132)
            Interest paid                              (9,482)           —              —              (9,482)


            Total changes from financing
               cash flows                           (156,992)       (14,891)            —           (171,883)


            Exchange adjustment                       (2,406)           683             —              (1,723)


            Other changes:
            Increase in lease liabilities from
               acquisition of Morimatsu
               Dialog                                     —          13,659             —             13,659
            Increase in lease liabilities from
               entering into new leases
               during the period                          —          61,266             —             61,266
            Interest expenses (Note 5(a))              8,500          1,948             —             10,448
            Termination                                   —            (306)            —               (306)


            Total other changes                        8,500         76,567             —             85,067


            At 31 December 2024 and
              1 January 2025                         214,185         81,609             —            295,794




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      21       CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
               INFORMATION (Continued)

               (c)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                               Bank loans                   Other non-
                                                                and other         Lease         current
                                                              borrowings      liabilities    liabilities     Total
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                (Note 24)     (Note 25)      (Note 29)


                         Changes from financing
                            cash flows:
                         Proceeds from bank loans                 560,119             —              —      560,119
                         Proceeds from investors                       —              —         330,000     330,000
                         Capital element of lease rentals
                            paid                                       —         (36,738)            —      (36,738)
                         Interest element of lease rentals
                            paid                                        —         (3,627)            —       (3,627)
                         Repayment of bank loans                 (444,383)            —              —     (444,383)
                         Interest paid                              (6,812)           —              —        (6,812)


                         Total changes from financing
                            cash flows                            108,924        (40,365)       330,000     398,559


                         Exchange adjustment                        1,821            204             —        2,025


                         Other changes:
                         Increase in lease liabilities
                            from acquisition of the
                            Bioengineering Group                       —          13,022             —       13,022
                         Increase in lease liabilities from
                            entering into new leases
                            during the period                          —          26,708             —       26,708
                         Interest expenses (Note 5(a))              6,647          3,627          6,184      16,458
                         Termination                                   —            (110)            —         (110)


                         Total other changes                        6,647         43,247          6,184      56,078


                         At 31 December 2025                      331,577         84,695        336,184     752,456




196        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




21   CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
     INFORMATION (Continued)

     (d)   Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


             Within operating cash flows                                                 68,858                  43,154
             Within financing cash flows                                                 40,365                  14,891


                                                                                       109,223                   58,045


     (e)   Net cash outflow arising from acquisition of a subsidiary

           The recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities at the date of acquisition of the subsidiary comprise
           the following:

                                                                                                             RMB’000


             Total consideration paid in cash                                                                  204,277
             Less: cash of subsidiary acquired                                                                 (19,845)


                                                                                                               184,432


22   NON-CURRENT ASSETS DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


      Leasing receivables due within one year                                             1,350                       —


                                                                                          1,350                       —




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025    197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      23       TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Bills payable                                                                   181,648                116,775
                 Trade payables                                                                1,364,674              1,076,073
                 Other payables and accruals                                                     528,391                453,735


                 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                              2,074,713              1,646,583


               As of the end of each reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables (which are included in trade and other
               payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Within 3 months                                                                 931,747                638,085
                 More than 3 months but less than 6 months                                       160,965                139,691
                 More than 6 months but less than 12 months                                       73,978                114,704
                 More than 1 year but less than 2 years                                           88,187                121,368
                 More than 2 years                                                               109,797                 62,225


                                                                                               1,364,674              1,076,073


               No bills payable (as at 31 December 2024: nil) was guaranteed.

               All trade and other payables (including amounts due to related parties) are expected to be settled or recognised as
               income within one year or are repayable on demand.




198        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




24   INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

     (a)   The analysis of carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as
           follows:

                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


            Current
              — non-guaranteed bank loans                             331,577               87,906

            Non-current
              — non-guaranteed bank loans                                   —              126,279


            Interest-bearing borrowings                               331,577              214,185


     (b)   The bank loans and interest-bearing borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year or on demand                                331,577               87,906
            After 1 year but within 2 years                                —                 6,720
            After 2 years but within 5 years                               —               119,559


                                                                      331,577              214,185




                                                                                Annual Report 2025   199
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




  25           LEASE LIABILITIES

               The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of each
               reporting period:

                                                               As at 31 December 2025             As at 31 December 2024
                                                                  Present                             Present
                                                              value of the        Total          value of the           Total
                                                                minimum       minimum              minimum          minimum
                                                                     lease        lease                 lease           lease
                                                                payments      payments             payments         payments
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Within 1 year                                     41,146         43,611             27,233             30,210
                 After 1 year but within 2 years                   27,220         28,358             25,590             27,317
                 After 2 years but within 5 years                  14,067         15,143             24,128             25,743
                 After 5 years                                      2,262          2,322              4,658              4,889


                                                                   84,695         89,434             81,609             88,159


                 Less: total future interest expenses                              (4,739)                               (6,550)


                 Present value of lease liabilities                               84,695                                81,609


      26       INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

               (a)     Current taxation in the consolidated statements of financial position
                       represent:

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


                         Provision for income tax for the year:

                         Balance at 1 January                                                   108,931                 90,089
                         Provision for current income tax for the year                          125,304                178,371
                         Withholding tax on the profits of the Group’s PRC
                           subsidiaries (Note 6(a))                                              28,000                 14,921
                         PRC income tax paid                                                   (152,919)              (174,450)


                         Balance at 31 December                                                 109,316                108,931




200        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




26                INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                  (Continued)

                  (b)                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised

                                      (i)                  Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                                           The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of
                                                           financial position and the movements during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                       Depreciation Provisions for
                                                                                         Revaluation allowances warranties,
                                                           Amortisation                  of financial in excess of        onerous                                                                                     Expense on   Revaluation
                                              Accruals and of Intangible   Credit loss    assets and the related contract and Provisions for     Deferred   Right-of-use       Lease     Deductible           Profit share-based      of other
                                                provisions        assets   allowance       liabilities depreciation     litigation inventories    income          assets   Liabilities    tax losses   distribution transactions    properties        Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
    arising from:
At 1 January 2024                                 12,880            38         2,369           (36)       (42,361)        4,649         2,125      8,184         (3,794)      3,739          9,526        (14,921)           —             —        (17,602)
Effect on deferred tax balances resulting
    from a change in tax rate (Note 6(a))             (47)          —             —             —           2,436             (4)         (12)    (2,893)         2,504       (2,519)        (3,811)           —             —             —         (4,346)
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss               1,374            30        17,441          (145)        (3,076)          (49)          (65)       280         (6,708)       6,880        11,883        (13,079)        1,499            —        16,265


At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025            14,207            68        19,810          (181)       (43,001)        4,596         2,048      5,571         (7,998)      8,100         17,598        (28,000)        1,499            —         (5,683)
Effect of acquisition of the Bioengineering
    Group                                          1,807            —             —             —            (637)          —              —         —            (298)           52            —             —              —         (6,316)       (5,392)
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss               2,779            30         7,027          (251)         2,274          477          3,507       210          1,827        (2,079)       (6,199)        5,000          5,948            —        20,550


At 31 December 2025                               18,793            98        26,837          (432)       (41,364)        5,073         5,555      5,781         (6,469)      6,073         11,399        (23,000)        7,447        (6,316)       9,475



                                      (ii)                 Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                                                                                            2025                                          2024
                                                                                                                                                                                         RMB’000                                       RMB’000


                                                             Net deferred tax asset recognised in the consolidated
                                                               statement of financial position                                                                                               38,826                                         22,318
                                                             Net deferred tax liability recognised in the
                                                               consolidated statement of financial position                                                                                (29,351)                                        (28,001)


                                                                                                                                                                                                 9,475                                           (5,683)


                  (c)                 Deferred tax assets not recognised

                                      In accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 1(u), the Group has not recognised deferred tax
                                      assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of RMB133,485,000 as at 31 December 2025 (as at 31 December
                                      2024: RMB76,003,000) of the Company and the Group’s subsidiaries in Mainland China and in Malaysia
                                      as it is not probable that foreseeable future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will
                                      be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity before they expire. The deductible tax losses of
                                      RMB52,841,000 expire within 10 years from the year when such losses were incurred under current tax law.
                                      The deductible tax losses of RMB67,386,000 expire within 5 years from the year when such losses were
                                      incurred under current tax law.

                                      The deductible tax losses of RMB13,258,000 will not expire from the year when such losses were incurred
                                      under current tax law.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                        201
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   26       INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
            (Continued)

            (d)     Deferred tax assets recognised

                    Morimatsu LifeSciences, Morimatsu Biotechnology and Semi-Chem Equipment recognised the deferred
                    tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of RMB76,191,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024:
                    RMB117,323,000).

            (e)     Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

                    At 31 December 2025, temporary differences relating to undistributed profits of the subsidiaries
                    amounted to RMB2,703,288,000 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB2,368,339,000). Deferred tax liabilities of
                    RMB270,329,000 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB236,834,000) have not been recognised in respect of the
                    tax that would be payable on the distribution of these retained profits as the Company controls the dividend
                    policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits would not be
                    distributed to the Company in the foreseeable future.


   27       PROVISIONS

                                                                 Provision
                                                      Warranty for onerous            Sales
                                                      provision    contract      allowance        Litigation         Total
                                                       RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


              At 1 January 2025                             30,151      117              118              —           30,386
              Additional provisions made                    11,377    2,912               —            2,274          16,563
              Provisions utilised                          (12,435)      —                —               —          (12,435)


              At 31 December 2025                          29,093     3,029              118           2,274          34,514


            Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements, the Group will rectify any product defects arising within 18
            months of the date of sales. Provision is therefore made for the best estimate of the expected settlement under
            these agreements in respect of sales made within the 18 months prior to the end of the each reporting period. The
            amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent experience and is only made where a warranty claim is
            probable.


  28        DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


              Government grants                                                                 46,926                 45,978




202     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28   DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)

     Government grants are related to assets those are obtained by the Group for the purposes of purchase, construction
     or acquisition of the long-term assets.


29   OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

     On 7 July 2025, the Company, Morimatsu China, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Morimatsu
     Pharmaceutical, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and several investors (the “Investors”) have
     entered into the transaction documents (the “Transaction Documents”), pursuant to which the investors
     have agreed to subscribe for the additional registered capital of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical of RMB12,946,412
     (the “SMP Shares”) at a consideration of RMB330,000,000. Upon completion of the subscription, the registered
     capital of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical will increase from RMB86,309,407 to RMB99,255,819.

     (a)    Dividends rights

            Each holder of the SMP Shares shall be entitled to receive the cash dividend from Morimatsu Pharmaceutical,
            at distribution levels as agreed in the Transaction Documents, from 2025 to 2032.

     (b)    Redemption feature

            Upon the occurrence of any of the following circumstances, the Investors have the right to require the
            Morimatsu Pharmaceutical or the controlling shareholder to purchase all or a portion of the equity interest
            in Morimatsu Pharmaceutical then held by the Investors:

            (i)     Morimatsu Pharmaceutical fails to meet the net profit target agreed in the Transaction Documents;

            (ii)    Morimatsu Pharmaceutical and its controlling shareholder fail to reach a written agreement with the
                    Investors by 31 December 2029 regarding the dividend arrangement of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical;

            (iii)   there are serious breaches of the Transaction Documents by the Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, the
                    controlling shareholder, and their affiliates;

            (iv)    there are significant changes in Morimatsu Pharmaceutical’s principal business, or Morimatsu
                    Pharmaceutical loses or is unable to continue to obtain the necessary qualifications to operate its
                    existing principal business;

            (v)     If there is a change in the actual controller of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025      203
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   29       OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES (Continued)

            (b)     Redemption feature (Continued)

                    The redemption price shall by paid by the Morimatsu Pharmaceutical to the investors of the SMP Shares in an
                    amount equal to 100% of the issue price of each SMP Share, plus 6% per annual simple interest on the issue
                    price of each SMP Share accrued during the period from the issue date until the date stated on redemption
                    notice, and any declared but unpaid dividend thereon, reduced by the amount of dividends declared and
                    distributed during the holding period.

            (c)     Liquidation preferences

                    In the event of any liquidation of the Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, the remaining assets of the Morimatsu
                    Pharmaceutical after paying all statutory fees, settling company debts, and taxes shall be prioritized for
                    distribution to the investors of the SMP Shares in cash. The amount of the priority distribution to the investors
                    of the SMP Shares shall be 100% of the issue price of each SMP Share, plus 6% per annual simple interest
                    on the issue price of each SMP Share accrued during the period from the issue date until the date stated
                    on redemption notice, and any declared but unpaid dividend thereon, reduced by the amount of dividends
                    declared and distributed during the holding period.

                    According to the redemption feature in the transaction documents, the investment of RMB330,000,000 is
                    classified as a financial liability under HKFRS 9, Financial instruments, and interest is recognised. As at 31
                    December 2025, other non-current liabilities of RMB330,000,000 bearing interest at 6% per annum with
                    accrued interest RMB6,184,000.

   30       EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

            (i)     Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

                    The Company has a share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”) which was adopted
                    on 1 July 2020 whereby the directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees
                    and directors of the Group, to take up options at HKD1.00 for each acceptance of the share offer. The
                    vesting period of five years started after one year from the listing date (28 June 2021) and are then
                    exercisable within a period of five years. Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary
                    share in the Company and is settled gross in shares.

                    As at 1 July 2020, the Company has conditionally granted options to subscribe for an aggregate of
                    132,380,000 ordinary shares to 27 participants (including employees and directors of the Group) in
                    consideration of an option price of HKD0.0001 for each acceptance of an offer of options under the Pre-IPO
                    Share Option Scheme.




204     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




30   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (i)    Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

            The Group recognised an expense of RMB19,148,000 in the year ended 31 December 2025 (in the year
            ended 31 December 2024: RMB36,477,000), which is by reference to the fair value of the options granted
            on the measurement date (also referred as “grant date” herein), and will recognise relevant cost for services
            received over the remaining vesting periods, in administrative expenses and capital reserve, respectively.

            In the year ended 31 December 2025, options to subscribe for an aggregate of 29,972,430 ordinary shares
            were exercised (in the year ended 31 December 2024: 10,406,653).

     (ii)   RSU Scheme

            The Group has a Restricted Share Units Scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) which was adopted on 15 December
            2021 whereby 29,459,700 restricted share units (“RSU”) were granted to 149 qualified employees on 5
            January 2022. The vesting period of three years started after one year from 5 January 2022 and are then
            exercisable within a period of three years. Each RSU gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary
            share in the Group at the purchase price of HKD4.17.

            RSUs of 9,269,100 units and 9,269,100 units were vested during the year ended 31 December 2024 and
            the five-day period ended 5 January 2025, respectively, and RSUs expense of RMB12,826,000 recognised in
            2024 for simplicity.

            RSUs of 10,821,600 units were exercised in the year ended 31 December 2025 (in the year ended 31
            December 2024: nil).

     (iii) RS Scheme

            Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, the subsidiary of the Group, has a Restricted Share Scheme (the “RS Scheme”)
            which was adopted on 30 September 2024 whereby 12,868,710 restricted shares (“RS”) were granted to
            16 qualified employees on 30 September 2024, at the exercise price of RMB2 per RS. The RSs vest under one
            of the following two approaches:

            •       26% of the RSs which granted with a three-year service period, vest after three years from 1 January
                    2025, and are exercisable after vested.

            •       62% of the RSs which granted with a six-year service period and subject to non-market performance
                    condition, vest after six years from 1 January 2025, and are exercisable after vested.

            •       12% of the RSs which granted with a six-year service period and subject to non-market performance
                    condition, are exercisable from 1 January 2032, one year after vested.

     The Group recognised an expense of RMB45,772,000 in the year ended 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024:
     RMB11,537,000), which is by reference to the fair value of the ordinary shares on the grant date, and will recognise
     relevant cost for services received over the remaining vesting periods, in administrative expenses and capital reserve,
     respectively.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   205
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   30       EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

            (a)     The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                    (i)      Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and RSU Scheme

                                                                                                                         Contractual
                                                                   Number of the                                     life of options/
                               Type of                                Company’s                                             ordinary Fair value at
                               scheme          Grant date            instruments    Vesting conditions                        shares the grant date


                               Pre-IPO Share   At 1 July 2020         132,380,000   20% at any time after the             5.99 years       RMB2.29
                                  Option                                              first, second, third, fourth
                                  Scheme                                              and fifth anniversary of the
                                                                                      listing date
                               RSU Scheme      At 5 January            29,459,700   33% at any time after the             3.02 years       RMB4.06
                                               2022                                   first, second and third
                                                                                      anniversary of the grant
                                                                                      date

                    (ii)     RS Scheme

                                                                       Number of                                         Contractual
                                                                      Morimatsu                                      life of options/
                                 Type of                         Pharmaceutical’s                                           ordinary Fair value at
                                 scheme        Grant date            instruments    Vesting conditions                        shares the grant date

                               RS Scheme       At 30 September         12,868,710   For 26% of the RSs, 100%              3.26 years/     RMB17.98
                                                  2024                                 at any time after the third         6.26 years
                                                                                       anniversary of the grant
                                                                                       date; for the 74% of the
                                                                                       RSs, 100% at any time after
                                                                                       the sixth anniversary of the
                                                                                       grant date, respectively




206     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




30	EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (b)   The number of instruments are as follows:

          (i)    Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and RSU Scheme

                                                          Year ended                     Year ended
                                                       31 December 2025               31 December 2024
                                                        Pre-IPO
                                                          Share                        Pre-IPO
                                                         Option                   Share Option
                                                        Scheme RSU Scheme              Scheme       RSU Scheme


                  Outstanding at the
                    beginning of the year           95,774,240   18,538,200       106,180,893       18,538,200
                  Granted during the year                   —            —                 —                —
                  Exercised during the year        (29,972,430) (10,821,600)      (10,406,653)              —
                  Forfeited during the year                 —            —                 —                —


                  Outstanding at the end of
                   the year                         65,801,810     7,716,600       95,774,240       18,538,200


                  Exercisable at the end of the
                    year                            39,891,810     7,716,600       43,954,240         9,269,100


                 The outstanding options of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme at 31 December 2025 had an exercise price
                 of HKD0.0001 and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 0.49 year (2024: 1.49 years).

                 The outstanding RSUs of RSU Scheme at 31 December 2025 had an exercise price of HKD4.17 and a
                 weighted average remaining contractual life of zero (2024: 0.02 year).

          (ii)   RS Scheme

                                                                           Year ended               Year ended
                                                                          31 December              31 December
                                                                                  2025                    2024
                                                                            RS Scheme                RS Scheme


                  Outstanding at the beginning of the year                   12,868,710                     —
                  Granted during the year                                            —              12,868,710
                  Exercised during the year                                          —                      —
                  Forfeited during the year                                          —                      —


                  Outstanding at the end of the year                         12,868,710             12,868,710


                  Exercisable at the end of the year                                   —                      —


                 The outstanding RSs of RS Scheme at 31 December 2025 had an exercise price of RMB2.00 and a
                 weighted average remaining contractual life of 4.23 years (2024: 5.23 years).

                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   207
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   30	EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

          (c)     Measurement of fair values

                  (i)      Fair value of share options and RSUs and assumptions

                           The fair value of services received in return for share options and RSUs granted is measured by
                           reference to the fair value of share options and RSUs granted. The estimate of the fair value of the
                           share options and RSUs granted is measured based on a binomial model. The contractual life of the
                           share option and RSUs is used as an input into this model.

                           Fair value of share options and RSUs and assumptions

                                                                                      Pre-IPO Share
                                                                                     Option Scheme              RSU Scheme


                             Fair value at measurement date                                   RMB2.29                 RMB4.06
                             Exercise price                                                  HK$0.0001                HK$4.17
                             Expected volatility (expressed as weighted average
                               volatility used in the modelling under binomial
                               option pricing model)                                            51.55%                 50.00%
                             Time to maturity (expressed as weighted average
                               life used in the modelling under binomial option
                               pricing model)                                               10.54 years             4.94 years
                             Expected dividends                                                 0.00%                  0.00%
                             Risk-free interest rate (based on Exchange Fund
                               Notes)                                                            2.83%                  1.25%

                           Volatility was based on historical volatilities of the comparable companies in the same industry for a
                           period of remaining contractual life, adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on
                           publicly available information. Expected dividends are based on historical dividends. Changes in the
                           subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

                           Share options and RSUs were granted under a service condition. This condition has not been taken
                           into account in the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market
                           conditions associated with the share option and RSU grants.




208   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




30   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (c)   Measurement of fair values (Continued)

           (ii)   Fair value of RSs and assumptions

                  The fair value of services received in return for RSs granted is measured by reference to the fair value
                  of RSs granted. Discounted cash flow method was used to determine the underlying equity fair value
                  of the Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, the subsidiary of the Company, based on which, the fair value of
                  per underlying share was calculated considering total number of shares.

                  Fair value of RSs and assumptions

                                                                                                          RS Scheme


                   Fair value at measurement date                                                         RMB17.98
                   Exercise price                                                                          RMB2.00
                   Discount rate                                                                            12.50%
                   Terminal growth rate                                                                      2.30%
                   Terminal value                                                                  RMB1,569,882,000

                  The discount rate is based on the weighted average cost of capital with cost of equity calculated
                  under the Capital Asset Pricing Model and after-tax cost of debt. The terminal growth rates are
                  estimated by reference to the long-term expected inflation rate. Terminal values are based on the
                  expected lives of assets, the forecasted life cycles and forecasted cash flows over that period.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      31       CAPITAL AND RESERVES

               (a)     Movements in components of equity

                       The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
                       consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in
                       the Company’s equity between the beginning and the end of the reporting period are set out below:

                                                                 Share     Treasury     Capital     Exchange      Retained
                         The Company                            capital       stock     reserve       reserve     earnings Total equity
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                              Note 31(b)                             Note 31(c)


                         Balance at 1 January
                           2024                               1,302,751     (38,944)    731,244         22,995      90,309     2,108,355


                         Changes in equity for the
                            year ended
                            31 December 2024
                         Profit for the year                         —            —           —             —      265,240      265,240
                         Other comprehensive income
                            for the year                             —            —           —          5,108           —         5,108
                         Profit distribution                         —            —           —             —      (110,810)    (110,810)
                         Equity-settled share-based
                            transactions (Note 30)                   —            —      50,845             —            —       50,845
                         Issuance and repurchase of
                            ordinary shares to the
                            Company (Note 31(b)(i))              32,074      (32,074)         —             —            —            —
                         Repurchase of ordinary shares
                            to the Company
                            (Note 31(b)(ii))                         —      (15,220)          —             —            —       (15,220)
                         Cancellation of ordinary shares
                            to the Company
                            (Note 31(b)(ii))                     (7,535)      7,535           —             —            —            —
                         Exercise of share option
                            (Note 31(b)(iii))                    23,839            1     (23,839)           —            —             1


                         Total change for the year               48,378     (39,758)     27,006          5,108     154,430      195,164


                         Balance at 31 December
                           2024 and 1 January
                           2025                               1,351,129     (78,702)    758,250         28,103     244,739     2,303,519




210        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (a)   Movements in components of equity (Continued)

                                                Share     Treasury    Capital     Exchange      Retained
           The Company                         capital       stock    reserve       reserve     earnings Total equity
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000
                                             Note 31(b)                            Note 31(c)


           Changes in equity
              for the year ended
              31 December 2025
           Profit for the year                      —           —           —             —      230,490      230,490
           Other comprehensive income
              for the year                          —           —           —       (10,746)          —       (10,746)
           Profit distribution                      —           —           —            —      (170,474)    (170,474)
           Equity-settled share-based
              transactions (Note 30)                —           —      25,265             —           —        25,265
           Issuance and repurchase of
              ordinary shares to the
              Company (Note 31(b)(i))                2          (2)         —             —           —                —
           Cancellation of ordinary shares
              to the Company
              (Note 31(b)(ii))                  (7,685)      7,685          —             —           —                —
           Exercise of share option
              (Note 31(b)(iii))               113,189      41,024     (112,896)           —           —        41,317


           Total change for the year          105,506      48,707      (87,631)     (10,746)      60,016      115,852


           Balance at 31 December
             2025                            1,456,635     (29,995)   670,619        17,357      304,755    2,419,371




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      31       CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

               (b)     Share capital

                                                                          2025                            2024
                                                              No. of shares                    No. of shares
                                                                      (’000)     RMB’000              (’000)        RMB’000
                         Ordinary shares, issued
                            and fully paid:
                         At 1 January                            1,221,583       1,351,129        1,190,092        1,302,751
                         Issuance and repurchase
                            of ordinary shares to the
                            Company (Note 31(b)(i))                 25,910               2           33,083           32,074
                         Cancellation of ordinary
                            shares to the Company
                            (Note 31(b)(ii))                         (2,074)        (7,685)          (1,592)           (7,535)
                         Exercise of share option and
                            RSUs (Note 31(b)(iii))                       —        113,189                —            23,839


                         At 31 December                          1,245,419       1,456,635        1,221,583        1,351,129


                       In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the
                       Company do not have a par value.

                       (i)      Issuance and repurchase of ordinary shares to the Company

                                The Company issued and repurchased 25,910,000 ordinary shares at notional par value of
                                HKD1.1964 per share at consideration of RMB2,000 for exercise of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
                                on 4 June 2025 (24,778,000 ordinary shares at notional par value of HKD1.208 per share at
                                consideration of RMB2,000 on 3 June 2024).

                                In the year ended 31 December 2025, no ordinary shares were issued or repurchased in connection
                                with RSU Scheme (8,305,200 ordinary shares at notional par value of HKD4.17 per share at
                                consideration of RMB32,072,000 on 22 November 2024).




212        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (b)   Share capital (Continued)

           (ii)    Repurchase and cancellation of ordinary shares to the Company

                   For enhancing the net asset value and earnings per share, the Company repurchased a total of
                   3,666,000 ordinary shares at a price ranging from HKD3.55 to HKD6.18 per share with a total
                   consideration of RMB15,220,000 during year ended 31 December 2024. Repurchased shares of
                   1,592,000 shares, amounting to RMB7,535,000, were cancelled in the same year. The remaining
                   repurchased shares of 2,074,000 shares, amounting to RMB7,685,000 were cancelled during the
                   year ended 31 December 2025.

           (iii)   Exercise of share option and RSU

                   The option to subscribe for an aggregate of 29,972,430 ordinary shares, which grant date fair
                   value is RMB2.29, were exercised in 2025 at the exercise price of RMB3,000. RMB68,659,000 was
                   transferred from the capital reserve to the share capital account in accordance with policy set out in
                   Note 1(t)(ii).

                   The option to subscribe for an aggregate of 10,406,653 ordinary shares, which grant date fair
                   value is RMB2.29, were exercised in 2024 at the exercise price of RMB1,000. RMB23,839,000 was
                   transferred from the capital reserve to the share capital account in accordance with policy set out in
                   Note 1(t)(ii).

                   RSUs of 10,821,600 units were vested and exercised at the exercise price of RMB41,021,000 in the
                   year ended 31 December 2025. RMB44,237,000 was transferred from the capital reserve to the
                   share capital account in accordance with policy set out in Note 1(t)(ii).

                   RSUs of 9,269,100 units were vested, and no RSUs were exercised in the year ended 31 December
                   2024.

     (c)   Exchange reserve

           The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
           statements of foreign operations as well as the effective portion of any foreign exchange differences arising
           from hedges of the net investment in these foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with
           the accounting policies set out in Note 1(x).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      31       CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

               (d)     PRC statutory reserve

                       Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations and the articles of
                       association of the companies comprising the Group which are incorporated in the PRC.

                       In accordance with the PRC Company Law, a subsidiary of the Group which is domestic enterprise is required
                       to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting
                       standards, to its respective statutory reserves until the reserves reach 50% of its respective registered capital.
                       For the entity concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and
                       may be converted into capital in proportion to the existing equity interests of investors, provided that the
                       balance of the reserve after such conversion is not less than 25% of the entity’s registered capital. The
                       statutory reserve can be utilised in setting off accumulated losses or increasing capital of the subsidiaries and
                       is non-distributable other than in liquidation.

                       As at 31 December 2025, PRC statutory reserve included in the Group’s retained earnings amounting to
                       RMB432,213,000 is not distributable (31 December 2024: RMB361,006,000).

               (e)     Dividends

                       During the year ended 31 December 2025, HKD0.15 per ordinary share, HKD186,813,000 (equivalent to
                       RMB170,474,000) was distributed and paid.

                       During the year ended 31 December 2024, HKD0.1 per ordinary share, HKD121,328,000 (equivalent to
                       RMB110,810,000) was distributed and paid.

                       The total amount of dividends proposed after the end of the reporting period of HKD0.2 per ordinary share is
                       HKD249,084,000. The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised
                       as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

               (f)     Capital reserve

                       The capital reserve comprises the following:

                       —        Under PRC rules and regulations, capital reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation and
                                may be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary shares by the issuance of new
                                shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of
                                the shares currently held by the shareholders; and

                       —        The portion of the grant date fair value of unexercised share options granted to employees of
                                the Company that has been recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for
                                share-based payments in Note 1(t)(ii).




214        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (g)   Other reserve

           Other reserve mainly represented the differences between the considerations paid and the relevant carrying
           value of net assets of the subsidiaries acquired, after eliminating the internal transaction, arising from the
           completion of acquisition of equity interest of Morimatsu Houston Corporation on 28 February 2022.

     (h)   Capital management

           The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
           as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
           stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access
           to finance at a reasonable cost.

           The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
           the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
           and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
           changes in economic conditions.

           The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio. For this
           purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total debt (which includes interest-bearing loans and borrowings,
           and lease liabilities), less cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Adjusted capital comprises all
           components of equity.

           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s strategy was to maintain the adjusted net
           debt-to-capital ratio at a range considered reasonable by management. In order to maintain or adjust the
           ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, return capital
           to shareholders, raise new debt financing or sell assets to reduce debt.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      31	CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

            (h)	Capital management (Continued)

                    The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-capital ratios at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                Note            2025           2024
                                                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000


                      Current liabilities:
                      Interest-bearing borrowings                                24            331,577               87,906
                      Lease liabilities                                          25             41,146               27,233

                      Non-current liabilities:
                      Interest-bearing borrowings                                24                 —               126,279
                      Lease liabilities                                          25             43,549               54,376
                      Other non current liabilities                                            336,184                   —


                      Total debt                                                               752,456              295,794

                      Less: Cash and bank deposits                              21(a)       (3,132,067)        (2,595,448)
                      Less: Restricted cash                                     21(a)           (1,643)            (3,188)


                      Adjusted net debt                                                     (2,381,254)        (2,302,842)


                      Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the
                        Company                                                             5,599,317          5,048,359


                      Adjusted capital                                                      5,599,317          5,048,359


                      Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                  no net debt         no net debt


                    Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements
                    throughout the reporting period.




216     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS

     Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks arise in the normal course of the Group’s business.

     The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
     manage these risks are described below.

     (a)    Credit risk

            Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
            financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables and contract
            assets. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and bank deposits, restricted cash and bills
            receivable is limited because the counterparties are banks, for which the Group considers to have low credit
            risk.

            The Group also provide, through banking facilities, performance guarantees as required by its customers
            under normal course of business. Other than the above, the Group does not provide any other guarantees
            which would expose the Group to credit risk.

            Trade receivables and contract assets

            The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk in industries or countries in which the customers
            operate. Significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to
            individual customers. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, 0.71% and 0.25% of the total trade receivables
            and contract assets was due from the Group’s largest customer, 9% and 9% of the total trade receivables
            and contract assets was due from the Group’s five largest customers respectively.

            Individual credit evaluations are performed on customers who have high credit risk. These evaluations focus
            on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into
            account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the
            customer operates. Trade receivables are mainly due within 30 days from the date of invoice. Normally, the
            Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

            The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime
            ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not
            indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on
            past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

            In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available
            without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecast of
            future economic conditions.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      32       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
               INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

               (a)     Credit risk (Continued)

                       Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                       Loss allowances for trade receivables are measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these
                       financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
                       adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast
                       general economic conditions at the reporting date.

                       During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there was no significant change in the customer base,
                       the credit risk of customers, the Group’s credit policy, the economic conditions and the Group’s view of
                       economic conditions over the expected lives of receivables.

                       The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                       receivables and contract assets as at 31 December 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                          31 December 2025
                                                                                                     Gross
                                                                                  Expected        carrying                  Loss
                                                                                   loss rate      amount               allowance
                                                                                          %      RMB’000                RMB’000


                         Current (not past due)                              0.01%~0.03%             1,851,777                (305)
                         0–3 months past due                                 0.01%~0.29%               279,816                (159)
                         4–6 months past due                                    0.01%~5%                39,528                (171)
                         7–12 months past due                                0.05%~5.00%               108,645                (642)
                         1–2 year past due                                   0.15%~9.39%               225,399              (6,955)


                                                                                                     2,505,165              (8,232)
                                                                                 35%, 50%,
                         Customers with high credit risk                             100%              263,670           (170,880)


                                                                                                     2,768,835           (179,112)




218        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

           Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                                                                                31 December 2024
                                                                       Expected     Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                        loss rate         amount           allowance
                                                                               %        RMB’000             RMB’000


            Current (not past due)                               0.01%~5.00%            1,288,327             (27,094)
            0–3 months past due                                  0.01%~5.00%              188,035               (7,383)
            4–6 months past due                                  0.03%~9.39%              171,418               (4,806)
            7–12 months past due                                 0.05%~5.00%              162,737               (4,015)
            1–2 year past due                                 0.13%~100.00%               237,412             (29,920)


                                                                                        2,047,929             (73,218)
            Customers with high credit risk                           100.00%              54,347             (54,347)


                                                                                        2,102,276           (127,565)


           Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past two years. These rates are adjusted to
           reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been
           collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the
           receivables.

           Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during the year
           is as follows:

                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


            Balance at 1 January                                                     127,565                  11,329

            Effect of acquisition of Shandong Keda                                         —                      495
            Amounts written off during the year                                          (414)                   (603)
            Impairment losses recognised during the year                               96,853                118,983
            Impairment losses reversed during the year                                (44,892)                 (2,639)


            Balance at 31 December                                                   179,112                 127,565




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025      219
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   32       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
            INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (a)     Credit risk (Continued)

                    Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                    The following significant changes in the gross carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets
                    contributed to the increase in the loss allowance:

                    —        origination of new trade receivables net of those settled resulted in an increase in loss allowance of
                             RMB22,923,000 (2024: RMB5,980,000);

                    —        settlement of trade receivables originated from prior years resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of
                             RMB10,306,000 (2024: RMB1,180,000);

                    —        increase in days past due over resulted in an increase in loss allowance of RMB39,344,000 (2024:
                             RMB111,544,000); and

                    —        a write-off of trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of RMB414,000 (2024: RMB603,000)
                             resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of RMB414,000 (2024: RMB603,000).

            (b)     Liquidity risk

                    The Group has to maintain a suitable level of liquidity to finance the daily operation, capital expenditure
                    and repayment of borrowings. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and
                    its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and readily
                    realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to
                    meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.




220     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

           The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the reporting period of the Group’s
           non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
           payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
           period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                        As at 31 December 2025
                                                        Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                               More than
                                                    Within     1 year but
                                                  1 year or      less than      More than                             Carrying
                                       Note     on demand          5 years          5 year       Total                 amount
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000                RMB’000


            Interest-bearing
               borrowings               24          333,122               —                 —            333,122       331,577
            Trade and other payables    23        2,074,713               —                 —          2,074,713     2,074,713
            Lease liabilities           25           43,611           43,501             2,322            89,434        84,695
            Other non-current
               liabilities              29                —          415,384                 —          415,384        336,184


                                                  2,451,446          458,885             2,322         2,912,653     2,827,169


                                                                              As at 31 December 2024
                                                              Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                      Within       More than 1
                                                    1 year or      year but less     More than 5                        Carrying
                                       Note       on demand        than 5 years             year           Total        amount
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


            Interest-bearing
               borrowings               24           92,325           132,433               —            224,758        214,185
            Trade and other payables    23        1,646,583                —                —          1,646,583      1,646,583
            Lease liabilities           25           30,210            53,060            4,889            88,159         81,609


                                                 1,769,118            185,493            4,889         1,959,500      1,942,377




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      221
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   32       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
            INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (b)     Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                            As at 31 December 2025                As at 31 December 2024
                                                           Contractual undiscounted             Contractual undiscounted cash
                                                             cash (outflow)/inflow                     (outflow)/inflow
                                                                Within                                Within
                                                              1 year or                             1 year or
                                                            on demand            Total            on demand               Total
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Forward foreign exchange
                        contracts:
                      — outflow                                (61,131)           (61,131)            (56,591)            (56,591)
                      — inflow                                  62,901             62,901              56,034              56,034


                      Monetary fund:
                      — inflow                                 150,430            150,430             396,598            396,598


            (c)     Interest rate risk

                    Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
                    because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from long-term
                    borrowings. 99% of the borrowings of the Group are fixed rate instruments and are insensitive to any
                    change in market interest rate.

                    The Group actively monitors the interest rate fluctuation to ensure that its net exposure is kept to an
                    acceptable level.




222     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (c)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

           (i)    Interest rate profile

                  The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the
                  reporting period.

                                                                As at 31 December 2025         As at 31 December 2024
                                                              Interest rate                  Interest rate
                                                                         %     RMB’000                  %        RMB’000


                   Fixed rate borrowings:
                   Interest-bearing borrowings               1.69%–2.95%        321,571     2.3%–3.21%           87,789
                   Lease liabilities                         0.00%–6.68%         84,695    0.00%–6.68%           81,609
                   Other non current liabilities                   6.00%        336,184              —               —


                   Total fixed rate borrowings                                  742,450                         169,398


                   Variable rate borrowings:
                   Interest-bearing borrowings                     1-year                          5-year
                                                               LPR-0.85%         10,006       LPR-0.57%         126,396


                   Total variable rate borrowings                                10,006                         126,396


                   Fixed rate borrowings as a percentage
                      of total borrowings                                          99%                             57%


           (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                  At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase of 5% basis points in interest rates,
                  with all other variables held constant, would have decreased the Group’s profit after tax and retained
                  profits by approximately RMB4,000 (2024: RMB54,000). A 5% decrease of interest rate would have
                  had the equal but opposite effect on them to the amounts shown above.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025      223
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   32       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
            INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (d)     Currency risk

                    (i)      Exposure to currency risk

                             The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to
                             receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency
                             other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies
                             giving rise to this risk are primarily Euros, United States dollars, Japanese Yen, Hong Kong dollar,
                             Renminbi, Singapore Dollar and Swiss Franc. The Group may also use forward foreign exchange
                             contracts to manage currency risk. As at 31 December 2025, the effect of forward foreign exchange
                             contracts is not material to the Group.

                             The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                             arising from recognised assets denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the
                             entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in
                             RMB, translated using the spot rate at each year end date. Differences resulting from the translation
                             of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency is excluded.

                                                                         Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB’000)
                                                                                       As at 31 December 2025
                                                                  USD       EUR         JPY         HKD         RMB        SGD       CHF


                               Cash and bank deposits        1,605,612   298,510      8,323        152       3,617      3,396        460
                               Trade and other receivables     282,237    83,923        278         —           —          —          —
                               Intercompany receivables/
                                  (payables), net              31,779    (39,565)    (5,580)         —     231,782      3,645       7,353
                               Contract assets                597,334    150,016      1,105          —          —          —           —
                               Interest-bearing borrowings         —          —          —           —     (60,685)        —     (260,887)
                               Trade and other payables       (71,076)    (8,412)    (2,050)         —      (6,849)      (192)         —


                               Net balance sheet exposure    2,445,886   484,472      2,076        152     167,865      6,849    (253,074)




224     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (d)   Currency risk (Continued)

           (i)    Exposure to currency risk (Continued)

                                                          Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB’000)
                                                                       As at 31 December 2024
                                                      USD        EUR            JPY          HKD          RMB         SGD


                   Cash and bank deposits        1,108,477         93,544        16,824       23         2,150       6,811
                   Trade and other receivables     108,992         14,654           284       —             —           —
                   Intercompany receivables/
                      (payables), net                1,620         (14,104)      (1,250)      —       274,888           —
                   Contract assets                378,262           17,265           —        —             —           —
                   Interest-bearing borrowings          —               —            —        —        (79,283)         —
                   Trade and other payables        (38,572)        (17,891)      (3,031)      —           (581)       (560)


                   Net balance sheet exposure    1,558,779         93,468        12,827       23      197,174        6,251


           (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                  The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained
                  profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates
                  to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at
                  that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that
                  the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially
                  unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other currencies.

                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                               2025                                  2024
                                                                        Increase/                                Increase/
                                                   Increase/          (decrease)             Increase/         (decrease)
                                                 (decrease)              in profit         (decrease)             in profit
                                                 in foreign             after tax           in foreign            after tax
                                                  exchange          and retained            exchange         and retained
                                                        rate               profits                rate              profits
                                                          %             RMB’000                     %           RMB’000


                   USD                                         2               41,440                2             26,380
                   EUR                                        10               40,842                5              3,835
                   JPY                                         5                   86                5                530
                   HKD                                         5                    6                5                  1
                   RMB                                         5                7,019                5              8,233
                   SGD                                         5                  290                5                262
                   CHF                                        10              (21,132)               5                 —



                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025       225
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   32       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
            INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (e)     Fair value measurement

                    (i)      Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

                             Fair value hierarchy

                             The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end
                             of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy
                             as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is
                             classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the
                             valuation technique as follows:

                             •            Level 1 valuations:       Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
                                                                    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                                                                    measurement date.

                             •            Level 2 valuations:       Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which
                                                                    fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
                                                                    Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not
                                                                    available.

                             •            Level 3 valuations:       Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.

                                                     Fair value      Fair value measurements
                                                          at 31       as at 31 December 2025                                                Significant        Relationship of
                                                     December            categorised ratio           Valuation technique(s) and           unobservable          unobservable
                                                           2025    Level 1       Level 2     Level 3               key input(s)                input(s)    inputs to fair value
                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

                              Recurring fair value
                                measurements
                              Financial Assets
                              Monetary fund*          150,430          —      150,430            —     Open market transaction                      N/A                    N/A
                                                                                                                             price
                              Forward exchange          1,770          —         1,770           —         Discounted cash flow                     N/A                    N/A
                                contracts                                                                   — Future cash flows
                                                                                                            are estimated based
                                                                                                         on observable forward
                                                                                                             exchange rates and
                                                                                                      contracted forward rates,
                                                                                                       discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                       reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                                         various counterparties
                              Unlisted equity          12,800          —            —       12,800             Market approach                 Volatility      The higher the
                                securities — A                                                                                       Discount for lack of unobservable inputs,
                                                                                                                                           marketability the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                                                         value
                              Unlisted equity           2,413          —            —        2,413        Discounted cash flow            Risk-adjusted The higher the Risk-
                                securities — B                                                                       approach        discount rate, cash     adjusted discount
                                                                                                                                                    flow rate, the lower the
                                                                                                                                                         fair value; the higher
                                                                                                                                                             the cash flow, the
                                                                                                                                                          higher the fair value


                             *            As of 31 December 2025, the monetary fund is the structured deposits and short-term wealth management
                                          products held by the Group which amounting to RMB150,430,000. The total size of the monetary funds
                                          managed by China Zheshang Bank Co., LTD. and Bank of Communications is RMB100,409,000 and
                                          RMB50,021,000 respectively with expected interest rate of 1.2%.



226     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (e)   Fair value measurement (Continued)

           (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)

                 Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                               Fair value        Fair value measurements
                                                    at 31        as at 31 December 2024                                                        Significant          Relationship of
                                              December                categorised ratio           Valuation technique(s) and key             unobservable             unobservable
                                                    2024      Level 1        Level 2      Level 3                        input(s)                 input(s)       inputs to fair value
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

                 Recurring fair value
                   measurements

                 Financial Assets
                 Monetary fund*               396,598            —        396,598             — Open market transaction price                          N/A                      N/A
                 Unlisted equity               10,900            —             —          10,900           Market approach                        Volatility        The higher the
                    securities — A                                                                                                     Discount for lack of unobservable inputs,
                                                                                                                                             marketability the higher the fair value
                 Unlisted equity                 2,413           —              —          2,413                     Historical cost                   N/A                      N/A
                   securities — B

                 Financial Liabilities
                 Forward exchange contracts       (557)          —            (557)           —              Discounted cash flow                     N/A                       N/A
                                                                                                         — Future cash flows are
                                                                                                   estimated based on observable
                                                                                                     forward exchange rates and
                                                                                                        contracted forward rates,
                                                                                                         discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                         reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                                            various counterparties


                 *          As of 31 December 2024, the monetary fund is the structured deposits and short-term wealth management
                            products held by the Group which amounting to RMB396,598,000. The total size of the monetary funds
                            managed by China Zheshang Bank Co., LTD., Bank of Communications and Agricultural Bank of China
                            is RMB196,267,000, RMB170,222,000 and RMB30,109,000 respectively with expected interest rate of
                            1.3%~2.3%.


                 During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and
                 Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                 of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

                 Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

                 The fair value of forward exchange contracts in Level 2 is the estimated amount that the Group
                 would receive or pay to transfer the contract at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
                 current forward price which is derived from Standard Chartered Bank.

                 The fair value of monetary fund in Level 2 is the estimated amount that the Group would receive or
                 pay to transfer the financial assets at the end of the reporting period, taking into account current
                 interest rates which is derived from China Zheshang Bank Co., LTD. and Bank of Communications.




                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025                     227
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   32       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
            INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (e)     Fair value measurement (Continued)

                    (i)      Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)

                             Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                             The unlisted equity securities — A in level 3 is shares in Lab Direct China Limited. Lab Direct China
                             Limited is a company incorporated in Shanghai and engaged in provision of one-stop integrated
                             procurement and supply services for life science industry.

                             As of 31 December 2025, the Group invested RMB10,000,000 and hold 1.52% equity interest of
                             Lab Direct China Limited. The Group categorized its investment in Lab Direct China Limited as FVPL.
                             No dividends were received on this investment in the year ended 31 December 2025 (in the year
                             ended 31 December 2024: Nil).

                             The fair value of the investment is determined by the market approach as at 31 December 2025 (as
                             at 31 December 2024: market approach).

                             The unlisted equity securities — B in level 3 is shares in 3DC Inc.. 3DC Inc. is a company incorporated
                             in Japan and engaged in development and manufacturing of carbon materials.

                             Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 16 January 2024, the Group invested JPY49,999,992
                             (equivalent to RMB2,413,000) to obtain 2.82% equity interest of 3DC Inc. The Group categorized its
                             investment in 3DC Inc. as FVPL. As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s interest has been reduced to
                             1.62% due to the latest financing of 3DC Inc.. No dividends were received on this investment in the
                             year ended 31 December 2025 (in the year ended 31 December 2024: Nil).

                             The fair value of the investment is determined by the discounted cash flow approach as at 31
                             December 2025 (as at 31 December 2024: historical cost).

                    (ii)     Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

                             The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                             materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.




228     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




33   COMMITMENTS

     (a)   Capital commitments

                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


           Authorised but not contracted for                             39,059                97,520
           Contracted for but not provided for                          107,404               136,311


                                                                        146,463               233,831


     (b)   Operating lease commitments

                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


           Operating lease commitments                                     2,106                   747


           Within 1 year                                                   2,106                   747




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025    229
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   34       MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

            (a)     Name and relationship with related parties

                    During the reporting period, transactions with the following parties are considered as related party
                    transactions:

                       Name of party                                                                                   Relationship


                      Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd. (Prior named as “Morimatsu                                    Controlling Shareholder
                        Holdings Co., Ltd.”)
                      Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (Prior named as “Morimatsu                                         Parent company
                        Industry Company Limited”)
                      Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                 Fellow subsidiary
                      Shanghai Ei-Mori Fluid Equipment CO., LTD.                                                           Joint venture
                        (“上海森熠智造流體設備有限公司”)
                      Morsburn Engineering and Technology LLC                                                        Joint venture
                      Dialog Corporate SDN. BHD.                                                           Company controlled by
                                                                                                          non-controlling interests
                      Dialog Construction SDN. BHD.                                                        Company controlled by
                                                                                                          non-controlling interests
                      Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                                                               Company controlled by
                                                                                                          non-controlling interests
                      Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                                                         Company controlled by
                                                                                                          non-controlling interests
                      Dialog Properties SDN. BHD.                                                          Company controlled by
                                                                                                          non-controlling interests
                      Saga Dialog SDN. BHD.                                                                Company controlled by
                                                                                                          non-controlling interests
                      Overseas Manufacturing (Johor) SDN. BHD.                                             Company controlled by
                                                                                                          non-controlling interests
                      Terumoto Matsuhisa                                                 Members of director and key management
                                                                                                                        personnel
                      Jungo Hirazawa                                                     Members of director and key management
                                                                                                                        personnel
                      Hirotaka Kawashima                                                 Members of director and key management
                                                                                                                        personnel
                      Koei Nishimatsu                                                    Members of director and key management
                                                                                                                        personnel
                      Weihua Tang                                                        Members of director and key management
                                                                                                                        personnel
                      Ye Sheng                                                           Members of director and key management
                                                                                                                        personnel


                    Note:    The English translation of the above company names is for reference only. The official names of the companies
                             established in the PRC are in Chinese.




230     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (b)   Key management personnel remuneration

           Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
           directors as disclosed in Note 7 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in Note 8, is as
           follows:

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


            Short-term employee benefits                                            15,999                14,784
            Equity compensation benefits                                            29,610                20,002


                                                                                    45,609                34,786


           Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 5(b)).

     (c)   Related party transactions

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


            Lease expense
            Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.                         17,444                52,317
            Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                                             7,512                 4,424
            Saga Dialog SDN. BHD.                                                      695                    —
            Dialog Properties SDN. BHD.                                              1,016                    —


                                                                                    26,667               56,741


            Other income
            Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.                         65,924                     —


                                                                                    65,924                     —


            Outsourcing service income
            Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.                                               392                    412


                                                                                       392                   412




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      231
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




  34       MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

           (c)     Related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000


                     Sales of Product
                     Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                          3,674           10,205
                     Overseas Manufacturing (Johor) SDN. BHD.       11,069               —


                                                                    14,743           10,205


                     Purchase of Product
                     Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                             43              242
                     Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                      535            1,453
                     Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.                       82               —


                                                                       660            1,695


                     Purchase of Services
                     Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                        150,939          220,488
                     Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                       —             1,340
                     Dialog Corporate SDN. BHD.                        354              190
                     Dialog Construction SDN. BHD.                     505              120
                     Overseas Manufacturing (Johor) SDN. BHD.          125               —


                                                                   151,923         222,138




232    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




34   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (d)   Related party balances

                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


            Amounts due to (trade):
            Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.                23,813               67,327
            Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                                    1,502                  434
            Dialog Construction SDN. BHD.                                      11                   41
            Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                                         34,834               31,037
            Dialog Corporate SDN. BHD.                                         36                   15
            Dialog Properties SDN. BHD.                                       364                   —
            Overseas Manufacturing (Johor) SDN. BHD.                          130                   —


                                                                           60,690               98,854


            Trade payables                                                 60,690               95,807
            Contract liabilities                                               —                 3,047


                                                                           60,690               98,854


                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


            Amounts due from (trade):
            Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.                                      215                   240
            Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                                            982                 3,062
            Dialog Properties SDN. BHD.                                       270                    —
            Overseas Manufacturing (Johor) SDN. BHD.                        4,650                    —


                                                                            6,117                 3,302


            Trade debtors net of loss allowance                             6,117                 3,302


                                                                            6,117                 3,302


            Amounts due from (non trade):
            Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.                13,185                    —


            Other debtors                                                  13,185                    —




                                                                                    Annual Report 2025    233
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   34       MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

            (e)     Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

                    The related party transactions in respect of Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd. and
                    Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
                    defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are
                    provided in the section titled “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” of the Directors’ Report.




234     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




35   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                       As at              As at
                                                                                31 December        31 December
                                                                        Note           2025               2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


      Non-current asset

      Investment in subsidiaries                                                     1,981,833        1,937,912
      Property, plant and equipment                                                          2               —


      Current assets

      Trade and other receivables                                        (a)          554,895           350,773
      Contract assets                                                                  10,498             2,115
      Cash and bank deposits                                                          880,719           553,369


      Current liabilities

      Trade and other payables                                           (b)          655,133           309,078
      Contract liabilities                                                             31,872           152,289
      Interest-bearing borrowings                                        (c)          321,571            79,283


      Net current assets                                                              437,536           365,607


      Total assets less current liabilities                                          2,419,371        2,303,519


      Net assets                                                                     2,419,371        2,303,519


      Capital and reserves

      Share capital                                                                  1,456,635        1,351,129
      Reserves                                                                         962,736          952,390


      Total equity                                                                   2,419,371        2,303,519


     Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 23 March 2026.

                                               )
                                               )
     Weihua Tang                               )
                                               )    Directors
                                               )
     Ye Sheng                                  )
                                               )



                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   235
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   35       COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

            (a)     Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                           Note               2025           2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000


                      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                         (i)             548,807               349,437
                      Other debtors                                                                           6,088                 1,336


                                                                                                            554,895               350,773

                    (i)      As at 31 December 2025, RMB231,833,000, RMB35,450,000, RMB16,869,000, RMB755,000, RMB532,000 and
                             RMB263,368,000 were mainly due from Morimatsu China, Morimatsu LifeSciences, Morimatsu Heavy Industry,
                             Morimatsu Dialog, Morimatsu Hi-Purity and MII respectively, which was eliminated in the consolidated financial
                             statements.


                             As at 31 December 2024, RMB275,147,000, RMB50,619,000, RMB18,633,000, RMB3,060,000 and RMB1,978,000
                             were mainly due from Morimatsu China, Morimatsu LifeSciences, Morimatsu Heavy Industry, Morimatsu Dialog and
                             Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited respectively, which was eliminated in the consolidated financial
                             statements.


            (b)     Trade and other payables

                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                           Note               2025           2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000


                      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                           (i)             654,177               305,838
                      Other creditors                                                                           956                 3,240


                                                                                                            655,133               309,078

                    (i)      As at 31 December 2025, RMB645,193,000, RMB7,840,000, RMB607,000 and RMB537,000 were mainly due to
                             Morimatsu Heavy Industry, Morimatsu Dialog, Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited and Morimatsu
                             Engineering Technology respectively, which was eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.


                             As at 31 December 2024, RMB299,698,000 and RMB6,140,000 were mainly due to Morimatsu Heavy Industry and
                             Morimatsu Dialog respectively, which was eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.




236     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




35   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

     (c)    Interest-bearing borrowings

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


             Current
             — non-guaranteed bank loans                                            321,571                 79,283


             Interest-bearing borrowings                                            321,571                 79,283


            As at 31 December 2025, bank loans of RMB40,319,000 from Mizuho Bank bearing interest at 2.56% per
            annum are repayable on 28 August 2026.

            As at 31 December 2025, bank loans of RMB20,159,000 from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
            bearing interest at 2.95% per annum with accrued interest RMB206,000 are repayable on 27 February
            2026.

            As at 31 December 2025, bank loans of RMB56,235,000 from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
            bearing interest at 1.69% per annum with accrued interest RMB203,000 are repayable on 15 January 2026.

            As at 31 December 2025, bank loans of RMB204,236,000 from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
            bearing interest at 1.70% per annum with accrued interest RMB213,000 are repayable on 9 March 2026.

            As at 31 December 2024, bank loans of RMB9,827,000 from Mizuho Bank bearing interest at 3.21% per
            annum and RMB68,787,000 from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation bearing interest at 2.85% per
            annum with the accrued interest RMB669,000 are repayable on 29 August 2025 and 28 February 2025
            respectively.


36   SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On 30 January 2026, upon the approval of Board of Directors of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, the Group’s subsidiary,
     the cash dividends of RMB120,000,000 was declared but has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the
     reporting period in accordance with HKAS 10.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   237
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   37       POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
            ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR BEGINNING ON OR
            AFTER 31 DECEMBER 2025

            Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended
            standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in
            these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                    Effective for accounting
                                                                                                          periods beginning
                                                                                                                  on or after


              Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial
               instruments: disclosures — Contracts referencing nature-dependent
               electricity                                                                                         1 January 2026

              Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial
               instruments: disclosures — Amendments to the classification and
               measurement of financial instruments                                                                1 January 2026

              Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11                                        1 January 2026

              HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                                        1 January 2027

              HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                                    1 January 2027



            The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be
            in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
            impact on the consolidated financial statements except for the following:

            HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements

            HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the transparency and
            comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. HKFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting
            periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively.

            Among other changes, under HKFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses into five categories
            in the statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, financing, discontinued operations and income
            tax categories. Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about management-defined performance
            measures in a single note in the financial statements.

            The Group does not plan to early adopt HKFRS 18 and is still in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption.




238     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




38   IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTIES

     At 31 December 2025, the directors consider the immediate parent of the Group to be Morimatsu Holdings Co.,
     Ltd. and ultimate controlling party of the Group to be Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd., which are incorporated in Japan.
     These entities do not produce financial statements available for public use.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   239
   Definitions and Glossary


   “Advanced Processes”                 refers to high-end manufacturing processes in semiconductor chip fabrication that feature
                                        smaller process nodes, higher integration density, and superior performance, typically
                                        representing the most advanced chip production technology in the industry

   “AGM”                                refers to the annual general meeting of the Company

   “Air Cooling”                        refers to a cooling method that utilizes air flow to dissipate heat generated by equipment,
                                        thereby achieving temperature reduction and heat dissipation

   “Articles of Association”            refers to the Articles of Association of the Company, as amended from time to time

   “Artificial Protein”                 refers to protein synthesized and produced through artificial industrial technology
                                        that can replace natural animal and plant proteins to meet the needs of food, feed,
                                        pharmaceuticals and other applications, is a new type of efficient and low-carbon protein
                                        resource

   “Audit Committee”                    refers to the Audit Committee under the board of directors

   “Battery Cell”                       refers to the basic energy storage unit of a battery, which is a single electrochemical
                                        device formed by integrating and encapsulating core components such as anode material,
                                        cathode material, separator and electrolyte according to specific processes, serving as the
                                        core for energy conversion and storage of the battery

   “Biomass Green Alcohol               refers to alcohol fuels such as methanol, ethanol and butanol, as well as related energy
      Energy”                           products produced from renewable biomass including agricultural and forestry waste,
                                        crop straw and forestry residues through processes such as biological fermentation and
                                        chemical conversion, is a form of renewable, low-carbon, and environmentally friendly
                                        green energy

  “Biopharmaceuticals”                  refers to products that are made from organisms, biological tissues, cells, body fluids,
                                        etc. by using the principles, approaches and research results of microbiology, chemistry,
                                        biochemistry, medicine and other subjects

  “CAPEX”                               Capital Expenditure, the capital expenditure made by an enterprise to acquire, upgrade or
                                        maintain long-term assets, is mainly used for investments with long-term benefits such as
                                        fixed assets and intangible assets. Such expenditure has a direct impact on the production
                                        capacity and future development potential of the enterprise and is strategic allocation of
                                        resources

  “Capital Expenditure Projects”        the large-scale capital expenditure projects of enterprises in the downstream industry,
                                        mainly used for the construction of new process units or the purchase of large-scale core
                                        industrial equipment and high-value industrial solutions

  “CHF”                                 refers to Swiss Franc, the lawful currency of Switzerland

  “CG Code”                             refers to the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

  “Companies Ordinance”                 refers to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended
                                        or supplemented from time to time


240   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                     Definitions and Glossary




“Controlling Shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and, in the context of this annual
                               report, refers to Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto, Morimatsu Holdings and Morimatsu Group

“CXO”                          Contract X Organization, is a pharmaceutical outsourcing service, mainly including
                               organizations that serve the three major links of research and development, production
                               and sales in the pharmaceutical industry

“Data Centre”                  refers to a dedicated physical facility for centralized storage, operation and management
                               of IT hardware such as computer servers, network equipment and storage systems,
                               providing stable power supply, cooling, security, network access and other supporting
                               environments. It is also the core infrastructure in the digital era that supports cloud
                               computing, internet, artificial intelligence, big data and other businesses

“Deed of Non-Competition”      the deed of non-competition undertaking dated 10 February 2021 entered into by our
                               Controlling Shareholders in favour of the Company, further information of which is set
                               forth in the section headed “Directors’ Report” in this annual report

“Egypt”                        refers to the Arab Republic of Egypt

“Ei-Mori Fluid”                Shanghai Ei-Mori Fluid Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海森熠智造流體設備有限公司), a
                               company established in the PRC with limited liability on 3 June 2025 and an indirect non-
                               wholly owned subsidiary of the Company

“Electronic Adhesive”          refers to a type of functional adhesives specifically used in electronic components,
                               integrated circuits, display panels, photovoltaic, new energy and other fields, featuring
                               insulation, sealing, adhesion, heat conduction, flame retardancy, moisture resistance,
                               shock resistance and other properties, to ensure the performance and reliability of
                               electronic products

“Electronic Chemicals”         refers to the fine chemical products supporting the electronic industry, one of the
                               important supporting materials for the electronic industry. The quality of electronic
                               chemicals not only directly affects the quality of electronic products, but has significant
                               effect on the industrialisation of the microelectronic manufacturing technology. The
                               development of the electronic industry requires synchronisation of the electronic chemical
                               industry. Therefore, electronic chemical has become one of the key materials prioritised by
                               all countries around the world in order to develop the electronic industry

“Electronic Grade”             refers to a grade designation or quality standard used to describe the grades of materials,
                               chemicals or reagents that meet the extreme purity and cleanliness requirements of
                               the electronic information manufacturing industry, particularly semiconductors and
                               integrated circuits

“Energy Storage Installed      refers to the rated power or rated capacity of energy storage systems that are actually
   Capacity”                   installed and capable of being put into operation, serving as a core indicator for
                               measuring the scale of energy storage construction




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   241
   Definitions and Glossary




   “Energy Storage Lithium              refers to a rechargeable battery system with Li-ion batteries as the core unit, mainly used
      Battery”                          for energy storage, peak shaving and valley filling, emergency backup power, and grid
                                        connection of new energy. Distinguished from power batteries, it focuses on long cycle
                                        life, high safety, large capacity, and long-duration charge and discharge capabilities

  “EUR” or “Euro”                       refers to euro, the lawful currency of the Eurozone

  “Germany”                             refers to the Federal Republic of Germany

  “Global Offering”                     the offer of the Shares for subscription as described in the section headed “Structure of
                                        the Global Offering” in the Prospectus

  “Greece”                              refers to the Hellenic Republic

  “Grid Connection Facilities”          refers to all electrical equipment and supporting systems required to safely connect power
                                        plants, distributed power sources, energy storage devices, etc. to the public power grid to
                                        realize the synchronization, transmission, metering and control of electrical energy

  “HKD” or “HK$”                        refers to Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

  “Hong Kong”                           refers to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

  “IFRS(s)”                             refers to International Financial Reporting Standards

  “India”                               refers to the Republic of India

  “INR”                                 refers to Indian Rupee, the lawful currency of India

  “International Sanctions”             all applicable laws and regulations related to economic sanctions, export controls,
                                        trade embargoes and wider prohibitions and restrictions on international trade and
                                        investment related activities, including those adopted, administered and enforced by the
                                        U.S. Government, the European Union and its member states, the United Nations or the
                                        Government of Australia

  “Iraq”                                refers to the Republic of Iraq

  “Italy”                               refers to the Republic of Italy

  “Japan”                               refers to Japan

  “JPY”                                 refers to Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan

  “Lifesciences Singapore”              Morimatsu Lifesciences (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a private company established in Singapore
                                        with limited liability on 22 December 2023 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                        Company




242   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                   Definitions and Glossary




“Liquid Cooling”             refers to a cooling method that utilizes coolant as the medium to absorb and dissipate
                             heat generated by equipment through circulating flow, thereby achieving efficient heat
                             dissipation

“Listing” or “IPO”           refers to the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 June
                             2021

“Listing Date”               the date on which dealings of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange first
                             commenced, which is 28 June 2021

“Listing Rules”              refers to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                             Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

“Main Board”                 refers to Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Malaysia”                   refers to the Federation of Malaysia

“Mechatronics”               refers to comprehensive engineering technology that integrates multiple disciplines
                             including mechanical technology, electronic technology, computer technology, automatic
                             control technology through systematic design and integration to construct high-
                             performance and intelligent products or systems

“MET India”                  Morimatsu Engineering and Technology (India) Co., Private Limited, a private company
                             established in India with limited liability on 21 November 2025 and an indirect wholly-
                             owned subsidiary of the Company

“Mexico”                     refers to the United Mexican States

“Microchannel Reactors/      refers to a micro-continuous flow reaction device that utilizes micron-scale narrow
   Microchannel Reaction     channels to achieve continuous flow, mixing, heat transfer and reaction of fluids in a tiny
   Device”                   space, is the core apparatus of micro-chemical technology

“Model Code”                 refers to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                             out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Module/Modular”             the design idea and installation method for preassembling of key equipment, other
                             components, pipe structures, electrical instruments, etc. in a manufacturing plant, so as
                             to minimize the work quantity on project site, and reduce cost of on-site jobs and on-site
                             failures

“Mori-Biounion Technology”   Shanghai Mori-Biounion Technology Co., Ltd. (上海森眾生物技術有限公司), a company
                             established with limited liability in the PRC on 24 May 2022 and an indirect wholly-owned
                             subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu Biotechnology”    Shanghai Morimatsu Biotechnology Co. Ltd. (上海森松生物科技有限公司), a company
                             established in the PRC on 17 January 2022 with limited liability and an indirect wholly-
                             owned subsidiary of the Company




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   243
   Definitions and Glossary




   “Morimatsu Chemical”                    Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海森松化工成套裝備有限公司),
                                           a company established in the PRC with limited liability on 17 November 2004, which is
                                           owned by Morimatsu Seiki and Morimatsu Research Institution Company Limited (株式會
                                           社森松総合研究所) as to 80.85% and 19.15%, respectively

   “Morimatsu China”                       Morimatsu (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (森松(中國)投資有限公司), a company
                                           established in the PRC with limited liability on 7 June 2010 and a direct wholly-owned
                                           subsidiary of the Company

      “Morimatsu Dialog”                   Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., a private company established in Malaysia with
                                           limited liability on 14 September 2021, which is a direct non-wholly owned subsidiary of
                                           the Company

      “Morimatsu Engineering               Shanghai Morimatsu Engineering Technology Co. Ltd. (上海森松工程技術有限公司),
        Technology”                        a company established in the PRC on 19 November 2021 with limited liability and an
                                           indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

      “Morimatsu Group (森松グル               Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd., formerly known as Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (森松
        ープ株式會社)”                           ホールディングス株式會社), a limited liability company incorporated in Japan on 1
                                           September 2015, which is controlled by Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto by holding 100% of its
                                           voting shares, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

      “Morimatsu Heavy Industry”           Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry Co., Ltd. (森松(江蘇)重工有限公司), a company
                                           established in the PRC on 13 May 2008 with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned
                                           subsidiary of the Company

      “Morimatsu Hi-Purity”                Shanghai Morimatsu Hi-Purity Neo-Tech Co., Ltd. (上海森松皓純新材料科技有限公司),
                                           a company established in the PRC on 3 August 2023 with limited liability and an indirect
                                           non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company

      “Morimatsu Holdings”                 Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (森松ホールディングス株式會社), formerly known as
                                           Morimatsu Industry Co., Ltd. (森松工業株式會社), a company incorporated in Japan with
                                           limited liability on 2 May 1964, which is controlled by Morimatsu Group, and one of our
                                           Controlling Shareholders

      “Morimatsu Houston”                  Morimatsu Houston Corporation, a company incorporated in the United States with
                                           limited liability on 17 January 2008, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                           Company

      “Morimatsu Italy”                    Morimatsu Italy S.r.l., a company incorporated in Italy with limited liability on 26
                                           November 2020 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

      “Morimatsu LifeSciences”             Morimatsu (Suzhou) LifeSciences Company Limited (森松(蘇州)生命科技有限公司), a
                                           company established in the PRC with limited liability on 26 September 2021 and an
                                           indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company




244      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                      Definitions and Glossary




“Morimatsu Pharmaceutical”    Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd (上海森松製藥設
                              備工程有限公司) (formerly known as Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment
                              Company Limited (上海森松製藥設備有限公司)), a company established in the PRC with
                              limited liability on 29 November 2001 and an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
                              Company

“Morimatsu Pressure Vessel”   Shanghai Morimatsu Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd (上海森松壓力容器有限公司), a company
                              established in the PRC with limited liability on 14 October 1990, now known as Shanghai
                              Nagamori Machinery Co., Ltd. (上海森永工程設備股份有限公司), which is a joint stock
                              company established by the Independent Third Parties Mr. Wang Guobin (王國斌),
                              Shanghai Haitai Plastic Machinery Co., Ltd. (上海海太塑料機械有限公司), Shanghai
                              Saima Enterprise Consulting Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海賽瑪
                              企業諮詢管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) and Wang Tianxin (王天馨) as promoters, holding
                              55.76%, 25.30%, 14.94% and 4.00% of the shares, respectively, upon establishment

“Morimatsu Seiki”             Shanghai Morimatsu Seiki Co., Ltd. (上海森松精機有限公司), a company established in
                              the PRC with limited liability on 24 September 2019 and wholly-owned by Morimatsu
                              Holdings

“Morimatsu Singapore”         Morimatsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a private company incorporated in Singapore with
                              limited liability on 17 October 2023 and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                              Company

“Morimatsu Technology and     Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Technology and Trade Co., Ltd. (森松(江蘇)科技商貿有限公司), a
  Trade”                      company established in the PRC on 29 August 2025 with limited liability and an indirect
                              wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu Thailand”          บริษัท โมริมัตสี (ไทยแลนด์) จำ� กัด (Morimatsu (Thailand) Co., Ltd.), a company established in
                              Thailand on 24 April 2025 with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
                              the Company

“Morimatsu T&S”               Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited (森松T&S株式會社), a company
                              incorporated in Japan with limited liability on 27 November 2023 and an indirect wholly-
                              owned subsidiary of the Company

“MXN”                         refers to Mexican Peso, the lawful currency of Mexico

“N-Methylpyrrolidone (NMP)”   refers to a kind of colorless and transparent liquid, similar to adhesives, is one of the
                              most commonly used auxiliary materials for lithium batteries, primarily serving to dissolve
                              cathode and anode active substances

“Net Zero Emissions/Carbon    refers to a state in which, over a certain period of time, the total amount of greenhouse
   Neutrality”                gases emitted by human activities is balanced with the total amount of greenhouse gases
                              removed or offset by human activities, achieving a net increase of zero in greenhouse
                              gases

“Nomination Committee”        refers to the Nomination Committee of the Board




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   245
   Definitions and Glossary




   “OPEX”                               Operational Expenditure, refers to ongoing, recurring expenses incurred by an enterprise
                                        to maintain day-to-day business operations and generate short-term revenue. These
                                        expenditures are recorded as expenses in the income statement (statement of profit and
                                        loss) in the period in which they are incurred and have a direct impact on the profit for the
                                        period

   “Pharmadule Singapore”               Morimatsu Pharmadule (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a private company established in Singapore
                                        with limited liability on 16 January 2023 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                        Company

   “Pharmadule Sweden”                  Pharmadule Morimatsu AB (formerly known as Goldcup 6476 AB), a company
                                        incorporated in Sweden with limited liability on 3 March 2011 and an indirect wholly-
                                        owned subsidiary of the Company

   “Pharmadule T&S”                     Pharmadule T&S Co., Ltd. (ﾌｧｰﾏｼﾞｭｰﾙT&S株式會社) (formerly known as Shanghai
                                        Morimatsu Co., Ltd (上海森松株式會社) and Morimatsu Industry Bunkatsu Junbi Co., Ltd.
                                        (森松工業分割準備株式會社), Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited (森
                                        松T&S株式會社)), a company incorporated in Japan with limited liability on 31 January
                                        2014 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

  “Pharmadule US”                       Pharmadule Morimatsu Inc., a company incorporated in the United States with limited
                                        liability on 30 June 2011 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

  “Plant-derived Human Serum            refers to high-purity recombinant human serum albumin products produced by
      Albumin”                          introducing the human serum albumin-encoding gene into the genome of plants (mostly
                                        rice endosperm), through genetic engineering technology, using plants (mostly rice
                                        endosperm) as bioreactors to synthesize the target protein, followed by extraction and
                                        purification, primarily used in clinical medicine and biopharmaceutical fields and serves as
                                        a safe alternative to traditional plasma-extracted human serum albumin

  “Post-IPO Share Option                refers to the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company and became
     Scheme”                            effective on 10 February 2021, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Statutory
                                        and General Information — D. Other Information — Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in
                                        Appendix V to the Prospectus

  “Power Battery”                       refers to the power battery refers to the ternary polymer lithium battery used in new
                                        energy vehicles, which is a kind of lithium battery with three elements: nickel salt, cobalt
                                        salt, and manganese salt/lithium aluminate as its cathode materials, graphite as its anode
                                        material, and mainly lithium hexafluorophosphate as its electrolyte

  “PRC” or “China”                      refers to the People’s Republic of China which, for the purpose of this annual report,
                                        excludes Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

  “Pre-IPO Share Option                 refers to the pre-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company and became effective
     Scheme”                            on 1 July 2020, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Statutory and General
                                        Information — D. Other Information — Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix V to
                                        the Prospectus




246   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                        Definitions and Glossary




“Prospectus”                   refers to the prospectus issued by the Company dated 15 June 2021

“Remuneration Committee”       refers to the Remuneration Committee of the Board

“Renminbi” or “RMB”            refers to Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”             refers to the period of one year from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025

“RM” or “MYR”                  refers to Malaysian Ringgit, the lawful currency of Malaysia

“Russia”                       refers to the Russian Federation

“RSU Scheme”                   refers to the restricted share unit scheme adopted by the Company on 15 December
                               2021

“SEK”                          refers to Swedish Krona, the lawful currency of Sweden

“SFO”                          refers to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                               as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“SGD”                          refers to Singapore dollar, the lawful currency of Singapore

“Shareholders”                 refers to holders of the Shares of the Company

“Shares”                       refers to ordinary shares of the Company

“Singapore”                    refers to the Republic of Singapore

“Solid-state Battery”          refers to a battery that uses solid electrodes and solid electrolyte. Generally, it has a lower
                               power density and higher energy density

“Stock Exchange”               refers to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Sweden”                       refers to the Kingdom of Sweden

“Switzerland”                  refers to Swiss Confederation

“Thailand”                     refers to the Kingdom of Thailand

“Turkey”                       refers to the Republic of Turkey

“United States” or “U.S.” or   refers to the United States of America
   “USA”

“UK”                           refers to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

“USD” or “US$”                 refers to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    247
   Definitions and Glossary




   “Wet Electronic Chemicals”           refers to the ultra-clean high purity reagents and process chemicals that are
                                        specialized high-purity liquid chemicals used in wet processes for microelectronics and
                                        optoelectronics manufacturing, primarily utilized in key processes such as cleaning,
                                        etching, developing, and stripping, with extremely strict requirements for impurity control
                                        and cleanliness, and serve as the core basic materials for semiconductor, display panel,
                                        and photovoltaic industries

   “%”                                  per cent

   In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “associate”, “connected person”, “connected
   transaction”, “subsidiary”, and “substantial shareholder” have the meanings ascribed to them in the Listing Rules.




248   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
