Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
森松國際控股有限公司
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
Stock code : 2155




                                                     2022
                                                     Annual Report
                                                       Contents




Corporate Information                              2

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement                4

Directors and Senior Management                    9

Financial Summary                                15

Management Discussion and Analysis               16

Directors’ Report                                47

Corporate Governance Report                      70

Environmental, Social and Governance Report      91

Independent Auditor’s Report                     111

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         118

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income                       119

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     120

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      122

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             124

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   125

Definitions                                      218




                                                           Annual Report 2022   1
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

    Executive Directors                                   Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap
                                                          Ms. Lau Wai Yee
    Mr. Nishimatsu Koei
    Mr. Hirazawa Jungo                                    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Tang Weihua
    Mr. Sheng Ye                                          Mr. Nishimatsu Koei
    Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka                                Ms. Lau Wai Yee

    Non-executive Directors                               AUDIT COMMITTEE

    Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)                     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly (Chairperson)
                                                          Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
    Independent Non-executive Directors                   Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto

    Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                               REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
    Mr. Yu Jianguo                                        Mr. Yu Jianguo (Chairman)
                                                          Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
    REGISTERED OFFICE                                     Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto

    Unit 26B                                              NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    235 Wing Lok Street Trade Centre
    235 Wing Lok Street                                   Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)
    Hong Kong                                             Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
                                                          Mr. Yu Jianguo
    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
      BUSINESS IN THE PRC                                 HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

    No. 29 Jinwen Road                                    Tricor Investor Services Limited
    Zhuqiao Town                                          17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Pudong New District                                   16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
    Shanghai
    PRC


    COMPANY’S WEBSITE ADDRESS

    www.morimatsu-online.com




2      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Information




COMPLIANCE ADVISER                                     AUDITOR

Sinolink Securities (Hong Kong) Company Limited        KPMG
Units 2503, 2505 -06, 25/F                             Public Interest Entity Auditor
Low Block, Grand Millennium Plaza                      registered in accordance with the
181 Queen’s Road Central                               Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
Hong Kong                                              8/F, Prince’s Building
                                                       10 Chater Road,
PRINCIPAL BANKERS                                      Central
                                                       Hong Kong
Agricultural Bank of China Shanghai Zhangqiao Branch
2/F, 600 Jialin Road                                   STOCK CODE
Pudong New District
Shanghai                                               2155
PRC

Mizuho Bank (China) Limited
21/F, Shanghai World Financial Centre
100 Century Avenue
Pudong New District
Shanghai
PRC

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (China) Limited
11/F, Shanghai World Financial Centre
100 Century Avenue
Pudong New District
Shanghai
PRC


LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAW

Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
Suites 3203–3207, 32/F
Edinburgh Tower
The Landmark
15 Queen’s Road Central
Central
Hong Kong




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   3
    Chief Executive Officer’s Statement


    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Morimatsu International Holdings Company
    Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the annual report of the
    Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

    Looking back on 2022, the Company, like many other companies, had encountered various challenges caused by the novel
    coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”), including the city-wide static management in Shanghai, where the Group’s
    operating headquarters is located, from the end of March to the end of May 2022, the continuous supply chain instability
    throughout the year caused by the COVID-19 control measures in various places, and the mass infections after the
    adjustment of COVID-19 control policy in December.

    Under the leadership of the Board and the management team, all the staff of the Group worked tirelessly and unremittingly,
    and made extraordinary contributions in different positions with a professional attitude, helping the Group achieve record
    highs since its establishment in terms of new orders signed, orders on hand, revenue and net profit.

    The growth and development of an enterprise is built on its intrinsic competitiveness, the source of which is the demand
    and trust of downstream customers. In 2022, the continued trust from long-standing customers was the fundamental
    reason for the Group’s record performance. The market strategy to keep in line with leading companies has not only
    consolidated the mutual trust between upstream and downstream players, but also promoted the Group’s continuous
    improvement and self-evolution to match the needs of downstream sectors in terms of technological development and
    product iteration.

    The operating performance of the Group has achieved rapid and high-quality development in a short period of time since
    the Listing. The continuous support from the capital market has enabled the Group to rapidly implement strategies in terms
    of production capacity expansion, personnel reserve and sector expansion, to achieve sustainable growth and diversified
    development.


    OPERATING PERFORMANCE

    The Group's primary focus is on serving the continuing and innovative needs of the downstream industry, which are driven
    by society's ongoing quest for a better environment and healthier lives. As the COVID-19 pandemic entered its third year,
    the demand for capital expenditure projects had been gradually increasing in various downstream industries. Therefore,
    the Group had achieved greater diversification in terms of sector layout and better domestic-overseas balance in terms of
    market distribution as compared to 2020 and 2021.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group’s financial performance was excellent, with revenue, gross
    profit, net profit, the number and amount of new orders and the orders on hand hitting record highs.
    The revenue amounted to approximately RMB6,486 million, representing a year-on-year increase
    of approximately 51.33%; gross profit amounted to approximately RMB1,793 million, representing
    a year-on-year increase of approximately 51.52%; net profit amounted to approximately RMB666
    million, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 74.47%; the amount of new
    orders amounted to approximately RMB9,356 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
    approximately 40.60%; and the orders on hand amounted to approximately RMB8,622 million,
    representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 50.73%.




4      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Chief Executive Officer’s Statement




MARKET PLANNING AND PRODUCT STRATEGY

The development of the Group can be traced back to 1990 when China entered the new stage of reform and opening up,
reaching a turning point in 1998 when China was about to enter the global economy, and took off in 2001 when China
formally joined the World Trade Organization. By virtue of the continuous growth of domestic demand in China and the
changes in the international division of labour under economic globalization, the Group has achieved continuous growth
for decades. As such, the growth engine of the Group is not a single market (such as China) or foreign trade alone, but a
balanced business presence in domestic and overseas markets.

The development of downstream companies, especially the leading enterprises in various industries represented by
multinational companies, is mostly reflected in technological updates and product iterations, which are often accompanied
by demands for capital expenditure projects. The Group’s continuous development is therefore made possible by the fact
that it has always served a diverse range of industries and a diversified clientele. Through years of development, the Group
has provided products and solutions, represented by core equipment, for many multinational companies in the fields of
advanced semiconductor materials, lithium battery materials, biofuels, biodegradable materials, advanced vaccines and
recombinant proteins, covering markets in Asia, America, Europe and Africa.


INTERNATIONAL LAYOUT AND CAPACITY PLANNING

Since 2022, the Group has become clearly aware of the rapid growth in the demand from overseas markets, covering,
amongst others, pharmaceutical (including biopharmaceutical), raw materials of power battery, oil and gas and electronic
chemical, the main downstream sectors of the Group. A large number of capital expenditure projects flourished as
the COVID-19 pandemic entered a new stage worldwide. Therefore, the Group rapidly organized a team to pay
visits to overseas customers at multiple levels and in multiple batches, conducted in-depth exchanges with certain
long-term customers on their capacity planning and talent reserve for the next two years, thereby consolidating the
foundation of mutual trust for their upcoming investment period, and ushered in the prelude to the Group’s accelerated
internationalization in the post-pandemic era through a series of overseas orders.

Meanwhile, the Group’s subsidiaries in North America, Europe and Asia are also entering a period of rapid expansion in line
with the progress and outlook of market recovery. The Group has decided to continue to expand its hardware production
capacity in Malaysia to enhance its ability to respond to special market demand in different international environment; and
is also further developing its technical center in Milan, the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), with a view to continuously improving
its own competitiveness and value attribute in the industrial chain of the pharmaceutical industry. The Company’s subsidiary
in the Republic of India (“India”) will assume more functions in addition to the roles of a regional engineering design
center, including providing all-round support for the operation and project management of Morimatsu Dialog, a joint
venture in Malaysia; the two subsidiaries in North America will focus on serving the markets in North and South America
under comprehensive recovery, including the business and potential opportunities from existing downstream sectors.

In order to cope with the rapid recovery of demand in domestic and foreign markets and the needs of corporate
development, the Group has been steadily expanding its production capacity as a whole as planned. In particular, the new
production capacity of the Nantong manufacturing base, which was constructed using part of the net proceeds from the
Global Offering, was on 30 June 2022 and put into use immediately. As of now, the utilization rate of such new production
capacity is close to 100%, and has begun to contribute to sales revenue. The Group’s Changshu manufacturing base
commenced construction in June 2022 and will be put into use in the fourth quarter of 2023 as planned, by which time the
Group’s overall scale is expected to leap to a new level.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   5
    Chief Executive Officer’s Statement




    TECHNOLOGY PRIORITY AND SERVICE INNOVATION

    Technology priority is the driving force behind the Group’s continuous rapid growth, and also an important way for a
    modern manufacturing enterprise to avoid homogeneous competition to the greatest extent. Technology priority is not
    just a slogan, but requires the Group to match up with and satisfy beyond expectation the continuous innovation needs of
    downstream enterprises in a timely manner, including from laboratory technology to industrial production, from a single
    production line to multiple production lines, and from a single site to global layout. The Group’s products have always kept
    close in line the needs of customers and presented timely dynamic development and flexible international compatibility,
    thanks to which its customer viscosity has increased continuously.

    In addition, technology priority is also reflected in the allocation of resources. The resources of traditional manufacturing
    enterprises are mostly inclined to front-line production personnel and hardware facilities, because they usually can generate
    economic benefits in a direct way. As a non-traditional manufacturing enterprise, the Group has more than 50% of
    employees composed of professional engineering and technical personnel and technical management personnel, and
    owns advanced technical centers and advanced engineering centers in Italy, Sweden and Japan that do not directly serve
    production activities. Well-developed technical resources have set up a second bridge for the cooperation between the
    Group and its customers. As the technical bridge is continuously consolidated, the business bridge is also getting wider and
    wider.

    Service innovation is centered on the innovation needs of downstream industries. The Group is ready to provide technology
    and resources in the form of joint research and development, capacity upgrade and technological transformation to
    maintain, enhance and integrate customer relationships between the cycles of customer capital expenditure projects.
    Therefore, service is not just an accessory to traditional physical products. Pre-sales services reflect the technical mutual trust
    and the willingness of joint development between the Group and downstream enterprises, while after-sales services reflect
    the long-term cooperation therebetween, regardless of fluctuations in the investment cycle.


    TALENT PHILOSOPHY AND ADVANTAGES IN DIVERSIFICATION

    Talents are the most valuable resources, and the Group’s greatest investment is its investment in talents.

    Developing a talent pool (recruiting, nurturing and retaining talents) has always been one of the most important
    responsibilities of the Group’s managers. Knowing and using people well is an important prerequisite for the position of a
    supervisor, tapping the growth potential of employees is a basic requirement for the position of a leader, and integrating
    the growth path of talents with the development direction of the Group is a compulsory course for senior managers before
    taking up their posts. A complete system of talent discovery, training and service is one of the most essential conditions for
    the realization of the Group’s strategic goals.

    The Group is committed to diversity in the workplace. The Group recruits professional talents from all over the world
    every year, and also provides all employees with employment positions and opportunities for further education in different
    countries. The open and expanding talent training system ensures that the professional engineers of the Group are always
    at the front line of communication with customers from various countries, and the front-line production staff of the Group
    continue to learn, apply and master the industry regulations and technical standards in different countries. The active
    interaction with institutions of higher education, scientific research institutions and downstream enterprises, including
    selecting and sending outstanding young employees to study for doctoral degrees in world-class universities, building joint
    laboratories with downstream enterprises, and jointly developing new technologies with scientific research institutions, is
    the initial stage where the employees and the Group share the opportunities to be deeply involved in innovation, thereby
    laying the foundation for the sustainable growth of the Group in terms of talent, academics and technology.




6      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                          Chief Executive Officer’s Statement




Diversified talents are the premise and basis for the establishment of presence in diversified sectors and markets. The
Group’s diversification strategy covers different technologies, multinational talents and domestic and overseas markets,
and helps the Group effectively avoid the dependence on a single industry cycle and a single market, thereby building
comprehensive competitive advantages. Meanwhile, the Group’s advantages in diversification are developing dynamically,
and are firmly bound to the needs of leading enterprises in downstream industries, thus creating a strong vitality and
development energy of the Group.


GROWTH ENGINES IN THE FUTURE

Since the Listing, the Group has set up plans for new technologies and new products in the different sections of industry
chain in the industries related to material innovation. Through the cooperation with domestic and overseas colleges and
universities, the establishment of joint ventures, and internal incubation, the Group has launched a number of research
projects in the front-end research and development of advanced biopharmaceuticals, micro-channel reactors, ultra-high-
voltage industrial equipment, and composite current collector materials for lithium batteries. The mission of the Group’s
products is to continuously enable material innovation and support downstream enterprises to create a green world and
healthy life together.

Making full use of existing domestic production capacity and developing overseas production capacity in an orderly manner
will provide the Group the opportunity to continue for new heights in revenue and profit on the basis of its existing
scale. The complementary production capacity of the Group at home and abroad will provide downstream customers,
especially multinational companies, with the convenience in procurement, communication and service, and the flexibility in
cooperation methods.

The rapid rebound in the demand of overseas markets in the post-pandemic era will turn into one of the driving forces for
the continuous growth of the Group. The Group will target at the in-depth needs of overseas customers, make full use of
high-quality resources in the international market and professional talents all over the world to strive to build the Group into
a well-known international brand.


CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY

In the course of development, the Group keeps in mind the three important goals of responsibility, profit and development,
and is determined to create a harmonious and unrelenting working environment, satisfying and yet never-satisfied work
goals, and a united and yet individualized workforce.

The COVID-19 pandemic in the last three years has made the Group more deeply aware of the importance of society, in
particular the local communities, in the development of an enterprise. The Group has also given back to the society in
various forms in the last three years, and actively participated in and mobilized its employees to participate in various social
welfare and charity activities.

As the basic energies and raw materials of the world’s economy, oil and natural gas have been used for more than 100
years. Since the 21st century, mankind has gradually realized that the excessive use of fossil energy has contributed to the
current global warming phenomenon to a great extent. Meanwhile, the significant exploitation and consumption of other
non-renewable resources, such as ore resources and soil resources, have also brought a heavy burden to the earth and the
human society. The Group is committed to exploring and developing the technologies of renewable resources, degradable
materials and reusable minerals, among which, technologies related to non-traditional sustainable energies (including
biofuels, hydrogen energy and ammonia energy) will be one of the key directions for the Group’s future development.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   7
    Chief Executive Officer’s Statement




    Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all investors for their care and support for the Company in
    the past year, the members of the Board, management and all employees for their unremitting efforts and dedication, and
    the partners in various fields for their company and support, and express my congratulations to everyone that has become
    an important member witnessing the Group’s performance hitting a new record high in 2022.




    Nishimatsu Koei
    Chief executive officer




8      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                               Directors and Senior Management


DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (西松江英), aged 58, is an executive Director. Mr. Nishimatsu is also our chief executive officer
responsible for overseeing general management and daily operation of the Group. Mr. Nishimatsu also serves as chairman
and general manager of Morimatsu China, director of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment, chairman of Morimatsu
Heavy Industry and chairman of Morimatsu LifeSciences.

Mr. Nishimatsu has around 32 years of experience in pressure equipment industry. From April 1991 to November 2012,
Mr. Nishimatsu served at Morimatsu Holdings. He joined Morimatsu Holdings as an officer of design department (設計部)
and was promoted as the executive officer and the head of the overseas department (海外事業部) and was responsible
for supervising the business expansion of Morimatsu Pressure Vessel in the PRC market. From March 2017 to March 2021,
Mr. Nishimatsu was a director of Morimatsu Holdings but he did not participate in its day-to-day operations. From January
1998 to December 2009, Mr. Nishimatsu served at Morimatsu Pressure Vessel. He joined Morimatsu Pressure Vessel as
an officer and was subsequently promoted as the general manager of Morimatsu Pressure Vessel and was responsible for
general operation and management of client relationship maintenance. From January 2008 to December 2010, he served
as the general manager of Morimatsu Chemical Equipment and was responsible for overseeing its production operations.
Since October 2010, Mr. Nishimatsu has served as the general manager of Morimatsu China and is responsible for its daily
management operations.

Mr. Nishimatsu obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical and mechanical engineering from East China University of
Science and Technology (華東理工大學) in the PRC in July 1985. He subsequently obtained a master’s degree in business
administration from China Europe International Business School (中歐工商學院) in the PRC in July 2002. He was a recipient
of the 2018 Magnolia Award (2018年白玉蘭紀念獎) issued by Foreign Affairs Office of the Shanghai Municipal People’s
Government (上海市人民政府外事辦公室) in September 2018.

Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (平澤準悟), aged 39, is an executive Director. Mr. Hirazawa is also our chief finance officer
responsible for overseeing financial planning and control, accounting operations and internal control systems of the Group.

Mr. Hirazawa has around 15 years of experience in accounting, auditing and financial management. From April 2008 to
March 2019, Mr. Hirazawa served at Juroku Bank Ltd (株式會社十六銀行) in Japan. He joined Juroku Bank Ltd as an officer
and was subsequently promoted to a manager of the inspection department and was responsible for the management
of corporate financing and financial compliance. In the periods from October 2014 to October 2017 and from April 2018
to March 2019, Mr. Hirazawa was seconded to Morimatsu Holdings (being the client of Juroku Bank Ltd) and served as
an accounting manager and the principal of the chairman’s office (董事長室室長), respectively, where he was principally
responsible for the accounting, auditing, corporate governance, financial consolidation management and general financial
management of Morimatsu Holdings. From April 2019 to June 2020, Mr. Hirazawa worked as a senior finance manager
of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for overseeing the financial planning, budget management and the general
financial management. Since March 2020, Mr. Hirazawa has served as the supervisor of Morimatsu T&S. Since June 2020,
he has served as the supervisor of Morimatsu China. Since September 2021, he has served as the supervisor of Morimatsu
LifeSciences. Since May 2022, he has served as the director of Morimatsu Houston. Since June 2022, he has served as the
director of Morimatsu Holdings. Since January 2023, he has served as the director of Pharmadule Singapore.

Mr. Hirazawa obtained a bachelor’s degree in business and commerce from Keio University (慶應義塾大學) in Japan in
March 2008.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   9
     Directors and Senior Management




 Mr. Tang Wei Hua (湯衛華), aged 53, is an executive Director responsible for overseeing production operations
 (pharmaceutical and family care industries) of the Group. Mr. Tang also holds directorship in Morimatsu Pharmaceutical
 Equipment, director and general manager of Morimatsu LifeScience, chairman of Morimatsu Biotechnology and chairman
 of Mori-Biounion Technology.

 Mr. Tang has over 23 years of experience in pressure equipment industry. From July 1991 to May 1999, Mr. Tang worked
 as a pipeline engineer at Shanghai Petrochemical Installment and Maintenance Co., Ltd (上海石化安裝檢修工程有限公司)
 and was responsible for pipeline related technology support. In May 1999, Mr. Tang joined Morimatsu Pressure Vessel and
 has since worked in the Group. From May 1999 to May 2003, he was pipeline engineer (管道工程師) and head of pipeline
 team (管道組組長) at Morimatsu Pressure Vessel, and was responsible for providing technology support for pressure
 equipment production. In January 2003 Mr. Tang was appointed as the head of system engineering department (系統工
 程科科長) of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment and subsequently promoted as the general manager of Morimatsu
 Pharmaceutical Equipment since May 2008. Since September 2021, he has served as director and general manager of
 Morimatsu LifeSciences. Since January 2022, he has served as chairman of Morimatsu Biotechnology. In March 2022, he
 was elected as a council member by Shanghai Producer Services Promotion Association. Since May 2022, he has served as
 chairman of Mori-Biounion Technology.

 Mr. Tang obtained a bachelor’s degree in water supply and drainage engineering from the University of South China (南
 華大學) (formerly known as Hengyang Institute of Technology (衡陽工學院)) in the PRC in June 1991. He subsequently
 obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 2007.

 Mr. Sheng Ye (盛曄), aged 48, is an executive Director responsible for overseeing production operations (chemical,
 oil and gas and raw materials of power battery industries) of the Group. Mr. Sheng also holds directorship and general
 manager in Morimatsu Heavy Industry and chairman and general manager of Morimatsu Engineering Technology.

 Mr. Sheng has around 27 years of experience in pressure equipment industry. In October 1996, Mr. Sheng joined
 Morimatsu Pressure Vessel and has since worked in the Group. From October 1996 to October 2010, Mr. Sheng held
 various positions in Morimatsu Pressure Vessel, including development engineer (開發工程師), deputy chief of the
 sales department (銷售部副科長) and deputy head of technology department (技術部副部長), and was responsible for
 monitoring research and development of customised pressure equipment and overseeing sales and marketing operations.
 From October 2010 to February 2017, Mr. Sheng served at Morimatsu China. He joined Morimatsu China as a deputy head
 of technology department (技術部副部長) and was promoted as the head of technology department (技術部部長) and the
 principal of technology supporting centre (技術支持中心主任). Since October 2018, Mr. Sheng has served as the general
 manager of Morimatsu Heavy Industry and is responsible for supervising and management of sales, design and manufacture
 of new materials. Since November 2021, he has served as chairman and general manager of Morimatsu Engineering
 Technology.

     Mr. Sheng obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering equipment and mechanics (化工設備與機械) from East
     China University of Science and Technology (華東理工大學) in the PRC in July 1996. He subsequently obtained an executive
     master’s degree of business administration from Nankai University (南開大學) in the PRC in July 2012. Mr. Sheng obtained a
     certificate of senior engineer (高級工程師證書) issued by Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau
     (上海市人力資源和社會保障局) in December 2012.




10      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka (川島宏貴), aged 52, is an executive Director responsible for production capacity guarantee
and environmental, social and governance issues of the Group. Mr. Kawashima also holds directorship in Morimatsu China
and Morimatsu Dialog, respectively.

Mr. Kawashima has around 27 years of experience in pressure equipment industry. From March 1996 to October 2003, Mr.
Kawashima served at Morimatsu Holdings, where he served as an officer of quality control department and was promoted
as a manager of overseas department thereof in October 2003. In October 2003, he was designated to serve Morimatsu
China and has since served as the head of production department (生產部部長), the principal of the chairman’s office (董
事長室室長) and vice general manager of Morimatsu China. Since September 2021, he became a director of Morimatsu
Dialog. Due to the internal organizational adjustment of Morimatsu China, he no longer served as the head of production
department and principal of the chairman’s office of Morimatsu China since January 2023.

Mr. Kawashima obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in metallurgical engineering from Iwate University (岩
手大學) in Japan in March 1993 and March 1995, respectively. Mr. Kawashima also obtained a master’s degree in business
administration from China Europe International Business School (中歐工商學院) in the PRC in August 2014.

Non-executive Director

Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (松久晃基), aged 59, is a non-executive Director. Mr. Matsuhisa is also the chairman of
our Board responsible for supervising the overall strategic planning of the Group but is neither working on a full-time
basis with the Group nor otherwise involved in the daily operation and management of the Group. He is one of our
Controlling Shareholders. He is also the Chairman of the nomination committee and a member of the audit committee and
remuneration committee of our Board.

Mr. Matsuhisa has over 37 years of experience in business operation and corporate management. After graduation in
March 1986, Mr. Matsuhisa commenced his career with Morimatsu Holdings. He then served from January 1989 to January
1992, as a chief of corporate planning department (經營企劃室長) of Morimatsu Holdings, and from January 1992 to
September 1993, as a head of the overseas business department (海外事業部部長) and the director thereof. Mr. Matsuhisa
was appointed as the general manager of Morimatsu Pressure Vessel in September 1993 and subsequently as the
executive vice president thereof in November 1997. Since August 2013, Mr. Matsuhisa ceased his management position
in Morimatsu Pressure Vessel. Mr. Matsuhisa is currently the executive director and chief executive officer of Morimatsu
Holdings and holds various positions in the subsidiaries of Morimatsu Holdings (other than the Group).

Mr. Matsuhisa obtained a bachelor’s degree in electronics engineering from Waseda University (早稻田大學) in Japan in
March 1986.

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly (陳遠秀), aged 52, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 10
February 2021. Ms. Chan is responsible for supervising the management of the Group and providing independent
judgment to our Board. She is also the chairperson of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration committee
of our Board.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022    11
     Directors and Senior Management




 Ms. Chan has around 31 years of experience in auditing and accounting. From July 1992 to September 2001, Ms. Chan
 served at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and was responsible for provision of auditing and management advisory services to
 listed companies. From October 2001 to August 2007, Ms. Chan was a director and financial controller of Heineken Hong
 Kong Limited (喜力香港有限公司) (“Heineken HK”), a beer manufacturer, where she was responsible for the financial
 management and accounting functions. Heineken HK was then a subsidiary of Heineken N.V. (Stock code: HEIA) and is
 currently a subsidiary of China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (華潤啤酒(控股)有限公司) (Stock Code: 291) (a
 company principally engaged in the manufacture and sales of beer whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange). From
 August 2007 to October 2018, Ms. Chan served at Moet Hennessy Diageo Hong Kong Limited (酩悅軒尼詩帝亞吉歐洋酒
 香港有限公司) (“MHD HK”) with the last position as the finance director. MHD HK is a subsidiary of LVMH Moët Hennessy
 Louis Vuitton SE (stock code: MC) (a company principally engaged in provision of high quality products in luxury market
 whose shares are listed on the Euronext N.V.). In October 2018, Ms. Chan established Peony Consulting Services Limited in
 Hong Kong (which is principally engaged in provision of business advisory services), and has since served as its managing
 director.

 As at the date of this annual report, Ms. Chan is an independent non-executive director of Aluminum Corporation of China
 Limited* (中國鋁業股份有限公司) (stock code: 2600) and China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (招商局港口股
 份有限公司) (stock code: 0144), whose shares are both listed on the Stock Exchange.

 Ms. Chan obtained a bachelor’s degree in accountancy from the City Polytechnic of Hong Kong (香港城市理工學院)
 (currently known as City University of Hong Kong (香港城市大學)) in November 1992. Ms. Chan is a fellow member of the
 Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”) and
 the Hong Kong Institute of Directors.

 Ms. Chan was the President of ACCA Hong Kong in 2008–2009 and was the President of the Association of Women
 Accountants (Hong Kong) in September 2020–September 2021. She is currently the member of the Board of the
 Association of Women Accountants (Hong Kong). In October 2020, Ms. Chan was appointed as a Justice of the Peace
 by the HKSAR Government in recognition of her remarkable public services and contribution to the community. In March
 2022, Ms. Chan was awarded with ACCA’s Advocacy Award 2021 for the China region in recognition of her relentless
 support for the accountancy profession, encouraging others and embodying ACCA’s values: inclusion, integrity and
 innovation.

 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro (菅野真一郎), aged 79, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 10
 February 2021. Mr. Kanno is responsible for supervising the management of the Group and providing independent
 judgment to our Board. He is also a member of the audit committee and nomination committee of our Board.

 Mr. Kanno has over 57 years of experience in the financial and banking industry. From April 1966 to March 2002, Mr.
 Kanno worked at the Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd (“IBJ”) and held various positions, including counselor of several branch
 offices in Japan, manager and the chief representative of the Shanghai branch office, the director and chairman of the
 Chinese committee (中國委員會), and the executive director and senior counselor of IBJ, and was principally responsible
 for developing new financial products, analyzing financial policies, and facilitating and monitoring the expansion of the
 financial services of IBJ in the PRC market. In April 2002, IBJ and two other Japanese banks merged into a new entity,
 namely, Mizuho Financial Group (株式会社みずほファイナンシャルグープ) (“MF”) whose shares are listed on several
 stock exchanges, including the Tokyo Stock Exchange (stock code: 8411) and the New York Stock Exchange (stock code:
 MFG), and he then served from April 2002 to August 2002 as the chief executive officer of Mizuho Human Service Ltd, a
 subsidiary of MF in Japan, and from September 2002 to August 2012 as an advisor of Mizuho Bank Ltd (瑞穗銀行有限公
 司), a subsidiary of MF in Japan. From September 2012 to March 2023, he served in the Tokyo International University (東
 京國際大學) and is currently a distinguished professor (formerly referred to as adjunct professor) thereof. Since June 2021,
 he has held the position of supervisor of Toyodenso Co., Ltd. (東洋電裝株式會社, a non-listed company).



12     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Kanno obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Yokahama National University (橫濱國立大學) in Japan in
March 1966.

Mr. Yu Jianguo (于建國), aged 62, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 10 February 2021.
Mr. Yu is responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to our Board. He is also the chairman of the
remuneration committee and a member of the nomination committee of our Board.

Mr. Yu has over 24 years of experience in chemical and environmental protection industries. Mr. Yu is a tutor of East China
University of Science and Technology (華東理工大學) (“ECUST”) for doctoral candidates. He had served a number of roles
and positions in different departments of ECUST, including the director of its science and technology department (華東理工
大學科技處處長), the director of its national technology transfer centre (華東理工大學國家技術轉移中心), the dean of its
college of resources and environmental engineering (華東理工大學資源與環境工程學院院長), the vice-president (副校長)
and the dean of its post-graduate school (研究生院) of ECUST. Mr. Yu is also currently the director of the National Salt Lake
Resources Comprehensive Utilisation Engineering Technology Research Center of ECUST (華東理工大學國家鹽湖資源綜
合利用工程技術研究中心), the director of the National Environmental Protection Key Laboratory of Chemical Process Risk
Assessment and Control (國家環境保護化工過程風險評價與控制重點實驗室), and the director of the Resource Process
Engineering Research Center of the Ministry of Education (教育部資源過程工程研究中心). Academic part-times of Mr. Yu
include the deputy director of Inorganic Salt Professional Committee of China Chemical Industry Association (中國化工學會
無機鹽專業委員會), and the vice-chairman of Shanghai Chemistry and Chemical Industry Association (上海市化學化工學
會). Mr. Yu is also an expert in the field of resources and environment in the “11th Five-Year Plan” period of the National
863 Programme (國家863計劃) and an expert in the subject-matter experts of “12th Five-Year Plan” resources, and a
member of the Second Science and Technology Committee of the Ministry of Education (教育部科技委).

As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Yu is a non-executive director of Ganfeng Lithium Co., Ltd (江西贛峰鋰業股份有
限公司) (stock code: 1772), whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Yu obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in inorganic chemical engineering from East China Institute of
Chemical Technology (華東化工學院) (being a predecessor of ECUST) in the PRC in July 1982 and in July 1987, respectively.
Mr. Yu also obtained a doctor’s degree in chemical engineering from ECUST in the PRC in July 1998.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei. Please refer to the paragraphs headed “-Directors-Executive Directors” above in this section for
details of biography of Mr. Nishimatsu.

Mr. Hirazawa Jungo. Please refer to the paragraphs headed “-Directors-Executive Directors” above in this section for
details of biography of Mr. Hirazawa.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   13
     Directors and Senior Management




     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap (李凱納), aged 38, was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company on 25
     September 2020. Mr. Lee has over 14 years of experience in the accounting and financial management industry. He is a
     chartered secretary and a member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (“HKCGI”) (formerly known as
     “The Hong Kong Institute of chartered secretaries”) and The Chartered Governance Institute (“CGI”) (formerly known as
     “The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators”) in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
     (“UK”). In February 2009, Mr. Lee joined Morimatsu Holdings as a management trainee and was assigned to a job rotation.
     From February 2009 to July 2010, Mr. Lee served as an accountant of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for account
     management. From July 2010 to June 2016, Mr. Lee was designated as a financial manager of Morimatsu China and
     was responsible for overseeing financial analysis, feasibility study, accounting and financial compliance. From June 2016
     to November 2017, Mr. Lee served as the chief finance officer of Pharmadule Sweden and was responsible for financial
     planning and financial risk management. From November 2017 to June 2020, Mr. Lee was designated as the financial
     manager of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for collection and reporting of financial and accounting information
     of our overseas companies to Morimatsu Holdings. Since June 2020, for purpose of the Listing, Mr. Lee was designated
     back to the Company as a manager and is responsible for management of accounting and compliance matters. Mr. Lee
     obtained a dual bachelor’s degree in laws and commerce from the University of New South Wales in Australia in August
     2007. He subsequently obtained a master’s degree in professional accounting and corporate governance from the City
     University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in October 2017. Mr. Lee was admitted as a lawyer of the Supreme Court of New
     South Wales in February 2015 and was also admitted as a certified practising accountant from the Australian Society of
     Certified Practising Accountants in December 2018.

     Ms. Lau Wai Yee (劉惠儀), aged 57, was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company on 25 September
     2020. Ms. Lau is a director of Immanuel Consulting Limited, a licensed company service provider specialising in integrated
     business and corporate services. Ms. Lau has over 35 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field and has been
     providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore
     companies. Her expertise extends from corporate advisory and regulatory compliance, corporate restructuring to dissolution
     of companies. Ms. Lau is a chartered secretary and a fellow of both HKCGI and CGI in the UK and fellow of The Hong
     Kong Institute of Directors. Ms. Lau has been appointed as the company secretary of Shanghai Realway Capital Assets
     Management Co., Ltd., the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1835) since 13 October 2019.




14      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Financial Summary


The following is a summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years.
The financial information for the years ended 31 December 2022 is extracted from consolidated financial statements in this
Annual Report. The financial information for 2018 to 2021 were restated accordingly due to the completion of acquisition
of 100% equity interest in Morimatsu Houston on 28 February 2022.

                                                               For the year ended 31 December
                                                    2018             2019         2020        2021                  2022
 RESULTS                                       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                               (restated)       (restated)   (restated)  (restated)


 Continuing operation
 Revenue                                      2,474,319        2,826,380        2,983,045       4,286,222       6,486,277
 Gross profit                                   519,274          602,939          851,169       1,183,583       1,793,386
 Profit before taxation                         178,782          166,332          341,815         449,143         760,917


 Profit from continuing operations              147,103          141,240          289,756         381,838         666,182

 Discontinued operations
 Profit/(loss) from discontinued
   operations                                    (20,667)           5,673               —                —                —


 Profit/(loss) for the year                     126,436          146,913          289,756         381,838         666,182


 Profit/(loss) for the year
   attributable to
 Equity shareholders of the Company             116,872          149,398          289,756         381,838         669,266
 Non-controlling interests                        9,564           (2,485)              —               —           (3,084)


                                                126,436          146,913          289,756         381,838         666,182


                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                    2018             2019           2020       2021                 2022
 FINANCIAL POSITION                            RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                               (restated)       (restated)     (restated) (restated)


 Total assets                                 3,674,319        3,280,177        3,041,801       5,704,508       7,960,582
 Total liabilities                            2,565,350        2,574,222        2,044,526       3,696,699       5,137,936


 Net assets                                   1,108,969          705,955          997,275       2,007,809       2,822,646


 Attributable to equity shareholders of
   the Company                                1,068,079          705,955          997,275       2,007,809       2,815,730
 Non-controlling interests                       40,890               —                —               —            6,916


 Total equity                                 1,108,969          705,955          997,275       2,007,809       2,822,646




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022    15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     DEVELOPMENT VISION

     The Company is committed to becoming the world’s leading provider of core equipment, process systems and digital
     intelligence engineering solutions.

     BUSINESS STRATEGY

     Based on the direct communication between upstream and downstream enterprises, the Group is oriented to meet the
     value needs of customers, and takes pre-sales technical services, including joint research and development, co-construction
     of laboratories and in-depth participation in project feasibility research and evaluation, as the starting point to provide
     customers with products with solutions as the core and core equipment and complete sets of equipment as the carriers. In
     the after-sales stage, the Group mainly provides support services such as digital operation and maintenance support, device
     upgrading, equipment transformation, and replacement of key spare parts, which can cover the entire life cycle of specific
     technologies and products.

     Diversified product forms aiming to enable downstream players with value: MVP
     model

     The unique competitiveness of the Group is derived from its ability to serve the continuous innovation needs of different
     industries, and meet the customized requirements of customers in diversified forms, from a single piece (set) of equipment
     to total solutions, to provide products and services to customers at different stages of technological innovation.


                                                            M+ V + P
                                     Digital intelligence total engineering solutions
                                        Maintain core equipment advantages
                                       Enhance value-added service capabilities
                                      Modular integration of products and services




        Mac hines                               M                                 P                         P lants
     Core equipment                                                                                Integrated process
                                                                                                  solutions and plants




                                                                 V


                                                             Values
                                                     Value-added services

                                                           MVP Product Strategy


16      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Machines – Core equipment: Designed to achieve theoretical heat transfer and mass transfer effects in large-volume
equipment, the core equipment aims to realize a synthesis process of new materials that is based on theory and is feasible
at the level of laboratory practice under process-level production scale. Such equipment mainly comprises the reactors in
the production units for different downstream products, including but not limited to bioreactors (applied in the field of
biopharmaceuticals), oxidation reactors (applied in the chemical industry), protein and microbial fermentation tanks (applied
in the industry/field of biopharmaceuticals and family care), hydrogenation reactors (applied in the oil and gas industry),
fused salt reactors (applied in the chemical industry), vapor deposition reactors (applied in the field of photovoltaic and
semiconductor raw materials) and high-pressure acid leaching autoclaves (applied in the field of raw materials of power
battery).




Values – Value-enablement: The Group understands the deep needs of downstream industries, and, in addition
to physical products, provides customers with various forms of support services and other services customized based
on individual needs, including modular solutions, devices for industrialized small-scale tests and pilot tests and desktop
solutions, to help customers achieve optimal configuration in terms of technical feasibility, cost optimization and delivery
methods, while reducing management and communication interfaces during project execution, simplifying project
execution processes and reducing execution risks. Looking into the future, the Group will work with customers to promote
device improvement and technology upgrading, and application scenarios include modular overseas engineering centers
in the field of raw materials of power battery and pilot production devices for ternary cathode materials, complete sets of
process equipment in the industry/field of family care and biopharmaceuticals, process modular products for the oil and gas
and chemical industries, and complete solutions for the electronic chemicals industry.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Plants – Highly integrated system solutions: This is an ultimate industrial product that directly addresses the needs
     of customers to realize the commercial production of their important products, and provides one-stop (front-end services +
     physical products + back-end services) systematic solutions, covering the whole process from process design, plant design
     to core process equipment delivery, system manufacturing/installation/commissioning/certification, and to operation and
     maintenance management and continuous optimization. Such business model can cover the entire life cycle of specific
     products and technologies, and strengthen the interconnection between upstream and downstream players, maximize
     the viscosity of the Group and its customers, and take advantage of the continuous innovation needs of customers to
     continuously update and iterate the products and technologies of the Group. According to customer needs, one-stop
     systematic solutions can be compatible with regulations and industry standards of various countries to achieve in-factory
     manufacturing to the greatest extent, enjoys unique advantages in supply chain stability, project economy and delivery
     security, and can help customers quickly deploy production capacity around the world, commercialize new technologies
     and promote the timely launch of new products. The Group’s experience and advantages in the design and manufacture of
     multi-field core equipment and in the implementation of overseas projects for years have further enhanced the reliability of
     systemic solutions. The application scenarios of systemic solutions include modern biopharmaceutical factories, family care
     product factories, and production equipment for fine chemical products and raw materials of power battery.




18      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




The three product strategies under the MVP model respectively correspond to the different needs of downstream
enterprises in the different stages of innovation process. The multi-level product strategy can concentrate the Group’s
resources on the industries and products with the highest return rate under the condition of limited production capacity.
Through the exchange and cooperation on technological updates and product iterations, the Group has managed to
achieve deep binding with industries and customers at the vertical level of corporate development; and at the horizontal
level, the Group can rapidly expand the cooperation areas with downstream industries. Through the cooperation with
leading enterprises in various industries, the Group has rapidly promoted its products worldwide, which has produced a
demonstration effect at the same time, thereby attracting the attention of other customers of the same type.

The MVP strategy is a dynamic strategy in line with the cyclical development of technologies and products in downstream
industries, and is always attached to the innovation needs of leading enterprises in various industries, while simultaneously
enabling the self-development and evolution of the Group. It not only presents the Group’s diversified product forms,
but also represents the Group’s market competition strategy. Meanwhile, by providing a guarantee for corporate survival
and development in respect of different products in different downstream markets in addition to product quality, market
reputation and global layout, it can avoid low-cost imitation and homogeneous competition to the greatest extent.

During the Reporting Period, under the leadership of the Board and the management, the Group actively responded to
various situations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the instability of supply chains, infection of employees and
reduced demand from certain downstream industries.

From late March 2022, Shanghai, the main business location of the Group, began to implement closed-loop management
policies, facing which, the management of the Group took the lead and led more than 1,300 employees to live and
manufacture in the manufacturing base for two and a half months. Under extremely difficult circumstances with limited
contingency plans, the Group did its best to ensure the supply of living and production materials for all employees in the
closed loop with the full support of the community and partners.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   19
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  In the second quarter of 2022, when the Group was under closed-loop management for most of the time, it overcame
  various difficulties and challenges mentioned above, and successfully delivered a series of products, represented by the
  modular advanced biological vaccine factory exported to the Kingdom of Morocco (“Morocco”) and the core reactors
  for the raw materials of power battery project exported to the Republic of Indonesia, in accordance with contractual
  commitments, thus laying a foundation for creating a period-on-period record-high performance in 2022.




  In the fourth quarter of 2022, with the adjustment of the COVID-19 prevention policy in China, most cities experienced
  rapid and large-scale outbreaks of COVID-19 pandemic since November, and the Group’s two manufacturing bases in
  Shanghai and Nantong also encountered infection peaks. From December 2022 to mid-to-early January 2023, there were
  employees who chose to take leave or work from home every week due to the infection of COVID-19. Through the timely
  deployment and effective intervention of the management, operating indicators such as revenue, net profit and new orders
  were not affected during this period, especially in December 2022, and the overall performance during the Reporting Period
  had not been, and the performance expectation for 2023 will not be affected significantly.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group also delivered various types of products in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
  to domestic and foreign customers in the pharmaceutical industry, including new vaccine factories, process modules
  and bioreactors for the production of vaccines and antibodies, and production equipment for the raw materials of small
  molecule drugs with specific effects.

  After the adjustment of the COVID-19 pandemic control policy at the end of 2022, the Group is full of expectations
  for the improvement of the overall supply and demand relationship in the market, the growth of overseas business and
  the furtherance of the global strategy in 2023. The post-pandemic era will be a golden period for the Group to achieve
  continuous rapid growth and diversified development.


  PERFORMANCE AND GROWTH IN PRINCIPAL FIELDS

  The Group is principally engaged in the design, manufacture, installation, operation and maintenance business, which is
  mainly applied to the core process equipment, process systems (such as process modules) and comprehensive solutions
  (such as modular industrial devices) including chemical reactions, bio-reactions and polymerization reactions. The
  downstream industries/fields currently served by the Group include oil and gas, family care, new chemical materials,
  pharmaceutical (including biopharmaceutical and synthetic chemical drugs), raw materials of power battery (including
  metallic ores, lithium battery raw materials and intermediate chemical raw materials) and electronic chemicals (including the
  production of photovoltaic raw materials and high-purity chemical reagents), etc.




20   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Set out below is the amount of new orders of the major downstream industries/fields for the Reporting Period and the
aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under existing contracts
as at 31 December 2022. The rapid growth of the Group’s business is mainly attributable to the industries/fields of
pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical and electronic chemicals. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the amount of new
orders in these two industries/fields accounted for more than 50% of the total amount of the Group’s new orders.

                                                                                                           The
                                                                                                 aggregated
                                                                                              amount of the
                                                                                                  transaction
                                                                                              price allocated
                                                                                                        to the
                                                                                                   remaining
                                                                                                performance
                                                                                                  obligations
                                                           The amount                         under existing
 Downstream industry/field                               of new orders             Proportion       contracts                Proportion
                                                              RMB’000                                RMB’000


 Electronic chemicals                                           1,980,603                21.2%             1,492,715                17.3%
 Chemicals                                                      1,820,872                19.5%             2,102,244                24.4%
 Family care Note 1                                               585,653                 6.3%               267,374                 3.1%
 Raw materials of power battery Note 2                          1,184,202                12.7%             1,356,583                15.7%
 Oil and gas                                                      879,059                 9.4%               961,829                11.2%
 Pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical                           2,751,894                29.4%             2,346,418                27.2%
 Others                                                           153,511                 1.5%                94,653                 1.1%


 Total                                                          9,355,794              100.0%              8,621,816              100.0%

Note 1: Previously known as daily chemical. For better business delineation, this industry has been renamed to family care. The offerings and
        products under this industry remain unchanged.

Note 2: Raw materials of power battery include mining and metallurgy industry.


In the field of raw materials of power battery, in addition the Group’s continuous efforts in domestic and foreign metal ore
smelting projects, the Group also maintained a steady performance in the production and sintering of ternary precursors
and ternary cathode materials, electrolyte configuration, additives for core electrolytes (lithium difluorophosphate, lithium
hexafluorophosphate, and lithium bisfluorosulfonyl imide, etc.), positive/negative electrode material binders, and NMP
(N-methylpyrrolidone) solution recovery devices.

In the industry/field of pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceuticals, the Group continued to maintain the steady growth in
total business volume in general, with revenue and orders mainly coming from the demand from new projects in traditional
sectors such as antibodies, vaccines, recombinant proteins and other artificial blood products. Moreover, the stable demand
from leading domestic and foreign CDMOs also contributed structurally to the revenue and orders in this sector. As foreign
countries were the first to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, the potential demand and overseas business volume in
this sector also increased significantly.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022      21
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  In the industries of electronic chemicals and family care, the Group recorded a relatively significant period-on-period
  increase in new orders, mainly due to significant growth in demand for photovoltaic raw materials in various countries in
  the past two years, particularly since the armed conflict between the Russian Federation (“Russia”) and Ukraine on 24
  February 2022 (the “Russia-Ukraine Conflict”); the international family care product market has gradually recovered
  from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the demand of the Group’s major overseas customers for capital
  expenditure projects has began to recover to a great extent.

  In the industries of chemicals and oil and gas, the Group recorded a steady growth in new orders, which mainly came from
  customers’ production device projects for new materials (such as new resin materials, polyolefin thermoplastic elastomer
  (“POE”), polyhydroxyalkanoates (“PHA”), polylactic acid (“PLA”), polybutylene succinate (“PBS”) and polybutylene
  adipate/terephthalate (“PBAT”)), and sizable domestic and overseas capital investment projects related to these two fields.


  PRINCIPAL SECTORS AND CORE PRODUCTS

  During the Reporting Period, in response to the diversified needs of the downstream market, the Group implemented
  flexible and diversified market strategies oriented to service value and downstream enablement through various
  ways including the combination of individual equipment and solutions, the integration of products and services, the
  complementation of hardware and software, and the combination of participating in specific projects and joint downstream
  research and development. The Group’s diversity strategy covers different technologies, talents from various countries
  and domestic and overseas markets, which helps the Group effectively avoid the dependence on a single industry cycle
  and a single market, and establish comprehensive competitive advantage. Adhering to the themes of healthy life, circular
  economy, non-traditional energy, and material innovation, the Group has achieved historic breakthroughs and innovative
  applications of technologies in various sectors, with outstanding performance recorded in the following sectors:

  Pharmaceuticals (including biopharmaceuticals)

  During the Reporting Period, orders and revenue from the pharmaceutical (especially biopharmaceutical) sector still
  maintained a steady growth, with the increases mainly coming from (1) overseas orders; (2) total solutions (such as modular
  factories); (3) domestic and overseas CDMO expansion projects; (4) supporting products for disposable bio-reactor systems;
  and (5) production process lines and core equipment for antibody products and recombinant protein products.

  •       Overseas orders

          The recovery of the pharmaceutical (especially biopharmaceutical) industry in overseas markets since the second
          half of 2021 brought a relatively significant amount of revenue to the Group during the Reporting Period, mainly
          benefiting from the orders for modular factories and complete sets of process equipment brought about by the
          overseas projects of international leading pharmaceutical companies, the overseas projects of leading domestic
          innovative drug companies and capital expenditure projects for biomedical safety in developing countries.

          During the COVID-19 pandemic, the demand for various types of vaccines and other biopharmaceuticals of high
          efficacy in various countries, especially in developing countries, increased significantly, which, in turn, led to an
          increase in the independent demand from the supply chain for advanced biopharmaceuticals. As such, various
          investment projects for advanced biopharmaceuticals were seen in various countries, promoting the business
          growth of the Group in this field.




22    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




    In recent years, the patents for “star medicines” of many leading multinational pharmaceutical companies in the
    world will gradually expire. In response to the upcoming “patent cliff” crisis, many companies have begun to actively
    establish presence in new pipelines and new therapies, which has brought a great number of capital expenditure
    projects. Meanwhile, these leading companies are also actively balancing their production capacity and product
    competitiveness in different regions, and intending to carry out localized production to a greater extent, as a result
    of which, the demand for capital expenditure projects has taken on a trend of steady growth.

•   Total solutions (modular factories)

    For a long time, as an important product form of the Group, modular factory products have been applied in various
    fields represented by biopharmaceuticals. The Group’s global resources, including the technical centers in Europe,
    the engineering centers in Asia (India, Japan and China), the advanced manufacturing capabilities in China, and
    the service teams all over the world, have enabled the Group to provide one-stop engineering solutions compatible
    with the standards in various countries and various industry requirements, thereby helping customers complete the
    design, construction, installation, commissioning and certification of modern pharmaceutical factories in a short
    period of time.

    The recovery and acceleration of capital expenditure projects in the global pharmaceutical market has caused
    various countries to face difficulties such as rising construction costs, insufficient labor resources, scarcity of skilled
    labor, and project delivery under market expectations, causing the relationship between supply and demand to tilt
    further towards the supply side. The Group’s modular factory solutions can not only effectively solve the aforesaid
    problems, but also provide customers with greater certainty in terms of the quality of factory construction, technical
    performance and deployment flexibility.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group delivered the first advanced biopharmaceutical factory in Africa (located in
    Morocco) through a total modular solution, and also undertook modular factory projects from other countries in the
    Americas and Africa.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022    23
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  •       Domestic and overseas CDMO expansion projects

          During the COVID-19 pandemic, the global pharmaceutical industry chain had achieved structural reorganization
          to a certain extent, and CDMO has become the preferred form of research and development and production of
          new medicines for many pharmaceutical companies. While maintaining the market competitiveness of existing
          products, these pharmaceutical companies also launched a great number of capital expenditure projects involving
          new pipelines and new production capacity, thus driving the expansion and new construction of CDMO production
          capacity in China and overseas.

          The CDMO industry has always been the focus of the Group, and the cooperation with leading domestic and
          overseas CDMOs (including biological medicines and chemical synthetic medicines) has been going on for many
          years. At a time when relevant companies are actively responding to market demand and rapidly expanding
          production capacity (especially the deployment of global production capacity), the Group’s large-volume
          bioreactors, complete sets of equipment, process systems, and modular factories will become efficient solutions,
          enabling CDMOs to quickly realize production with guaranteed quality.

  •       Production process lines and core equipment for antibody products and recombinant protein
          products

          During the Reporting Period, downstream production expansion projects from antibody and recombinant protein
          manufacturers made key contributions to the Group’s performance growth in the biopharmaceutical field, including
          the important orders from leading international pharmaceutical enterprises, domestic leading CDMOs and domestic
          leading innovative pharmaceutical enterprises.

  •       Supporting products for disposable bio-reactor systems

          During the Reporting Period, the Group further increased the efforts on the marketing of disposable bio-reactor
          systems and their supporting products, and made achievements in respect of equipment, mixing bags and other
          consumables.




24    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




       By taking advantage of existing customer resources, long-term technical reserves and close cooperation with
       relevant professional companies, the Group further expanded the market for disposable bio-reactor systems
       and strived to move forward in the biopharmaceutical industry chain to provide products, services and related
       consumables including miniaturized and desktop solutions in the market.

Raw materials of power battery

As a supporting industry for the non-traditional energy industry, the demand for the raw materials of power battery
remained stable in 2022, and the Group’s orders on hand increased year-on-year. The Group’s product lines in this field
are becoming more diversified, including in terms of markets and product types, than that in the past. The raw materials of
power battery market is still worth looking forward to in 2023.

•      Nickel extraction

       During the Reporting Period, the Group provided a variety of products for a number of domestic and overseas nickel
       extraction projects, including core equipment, complete sets of equipment and engineering solutions. Nickel ore is
       an important source material for lithium battery projects, which have a long investment period, large investment
       amount and continuous investment demand. Therefore, the Group has reached cooperation agreements with
       several leading enterprises in the industry to jointly establish strategic partnerships and continuously provide
       high-value products for their domestic and overseas investment projects.

•      Ternary cathode materials

       During the Reporting Period, the Group provided various forms of products for the leading enterprises in
       downstream industries, including pilot test devices for ternary precursors, production devices for ternary cathode
       materials and sintering devices for ternary cathode materials, as well as process assurance and operation and
       maintenance support in addition to equipment and engineering solutions.

•      Electrolytes, additives, binders and solvent recovery

       During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to deliver several sets of configuration devices for electrolytes,
       production devices for additives (including lithium difluorophosphate, lithium hexafluorophosphate, sodium
       hexafluorophosphate and lithium bisfluorosulfonimide) and recovery devices for NMP (N-methylpyrrolidone)
       solvents.

Oil and gas and chemicals

In 2022, due to the changes in the international political and economic environment, the demand for traditional energies,
including oil and natural gas, increased significantly. As traditional business sectors, the Group has a solid technical
foundation, a professional talent team and rich experience in international projects in the fields such as offshore and
onshore oil and gas. Therefore, when the market demand reappeared, the Group managed to respond promptly and
provided products in the form of core equipment, process systems and modular solutions to various international markets
in the Middle East, South America, Oceania and Southeast Asia. The application scenarios of the Group’s products include
the development projects of offshore and land oil and gas field, offshore platform projects and onshore refinery projects,
and most of the customers are internationally renowned oil and gas companies and general engineering contractors.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   25
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  During the Reporting Period, the chemical industry, as a traditional sector, was still one of the Group’s important sources
  of income. In addition to domestic and overseas capital expenditure projects of multinational companies, the Group also
  participated in new facility projects for bulk chemical materials such as terephthalic acid, acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene
  copolymer, acetic acid, acrylic acid and polyvinyl chloride, as well as multiple sets of production devices for environmentally
  friendly plastics such as PLA, PHA and PBAT raw materials, where the main product types provided by the Group were core
  equipment and modularized complete sets of equipment. During the Reporting Period, the Group provided the world’s
  first set of modular polyurethane dispersion production device to the domestic manufacturing base of a well-known
  international chemical company, and the concept, form and design of such product are expected to be rolled out at its
  manufacturing bases around the world. In addition, the Group also provided a POE pilot test device for a leading enterprise
  in the chemical industry to help it realize the rapid popularization of photovoltaic film materials.

  Electronic chemicals

  •       Photovoltaic industry (production of silicon materials)

          During the Reporting Period, the Group keenly observed and made effective use of the new round of investment
          cycle in the photovoltaic industry, and acquired a great number of orders in a short period of time by virtue of the
          technological advantages and industry position established since 2007. The main products provided by the Group
          were various types of high-yield, low-energy-consumption vapor deposition reactors (chemical vapor deposition
          (“CVD”) reduction furnaces), complete sets of reaction equipment (skid-mounted and modular reduction furnaces)
          and auxiliary equipment, the main application of which is to convert trichlorosilane into polysilicon materials of high
          purity. During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully achieved a historical breakthrough and exported CVD
          reduction furnace products overseas for the first time.

  •       Electronic-grade chemicals of high purity (related to the semiconductor industry)

          During the Reporting Period, the Group provided industry leaders in China and North America with products
          including process modules, process equipment and supporting materials, which are mainly used in the production
          of chemical reagents of high purity, including PPT-grade sulfuric acid, hydrogen peroxide, special gases (such as
          tritiated ammonia) and photoresist products (color photoresist), all being important supporting industry products for
          the development of independent semiconductor industry chains in major economies.

  Family care

  During the Reporting Period, the COVID-19 pandemic gradually came to a turning point, and the recovery of demand in the
  international consumer market drove the activity of the family care industry. The main income of the Group in this industry
  still came from the new overseas capital expenditure projects of international leading enterprises in this industry, and the
  main product form is the complete sets of production equipment for process modules.




26    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




MACRO POLICIES AND MARKET OUTLOOK OF KEY DOWNSTREAM INDUSTRIES/
FIELDS

It was pointed out at the 2022 Central Economic Work Conference of China that China will enhance the status and
competitiveness of traditional industries in the global industrial division of labour, and accelerate the research and
development and application of cutting-edge technologies such as new energy, artificial intelligence, bio-manufacturing,
green low-carbon and quantum computing.

Sealand Securities Co., Ltd. (“Sealand Securities”) believes that the manufacturing industry as a whole will become a
key area that macro policies focus on, and manufacturing investment will play an important role in supporting the economic
recovery; the focus of industrial policy is to find the intersection of safety and development, and greater policy support
is expected for new energy, artificial intelligence, bio-manufacturing, and quantum computing. Changjiang Securities
Company Limited is of the view that the industries with high external dependence and high technology added value in
the course of development previously are in a better position to meet the current upgrading needs of the manufacturing
industry, and are worth continuous investment for rapid upgrading, such as the industries of machinery, semiconductor
manufacturing and pharmaceuticals.

During the Reporting Period, the Group had a deep insight into the changes in downstream industries under macro policies,
adjusted its industrial strategies in a timely manner, made scientific allocation and development of resources such as
hardware production capacity and talents, and continued to improve profitability under the goal of maintaining sustainable
growth.

Clean energy and raw materials of power battery

The report of the Twentieth National Congress of the Communist Party of China proposed to promote the clean,
low-carbon and efficient use of energy, and to put the development of new and clean energy in a more prominent position.
Driven by the Dual Carbon Commitment as the top-level development priority, the raw materials of power battery industry
with China as the main consumer market will achieve rapid development.

According to a report of the Shanghai Securities News on 1 February 2023, the production volume of new energy vehicles
in China was approximately 6.584 million units in 2022, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 88.8%;
the total installed capacity of power battery in the Chinese market was approximately 302.3 gigawatt-hours (“GWh”),
representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 89.7%, of which, the installed capacity of power battery in the
field of new energy passenger vehicles was approximately 270.2 GWh, accounting for approximately 89.4% of the total
installed capacity of power battery in the market in China, representing an year-on-year increase of approximately 93.6%;
the installed capacity in the field of new energy buses was approximately 10.9 GWh, accounting for approximately 3.6%
of the total installed capacity of power battery in the Chinese market, representing an increase of approximately 18.1%
year-on-year; the installed capacity in the field of new energy special vehicles was approximately 21.1 GWh, accounting
for approximately 7% of the total installed capacity of power battery in the market in China, representing a year-on-year
increase of approximately 101.5%. From the perspective of the material type of power batteries, the installed capacity of
lithium iron phosphate battery in 2022 was approximately 184.5 GWh, accounting for approximately 61% of the total
installed capacity of power battery in the Chinese market, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 126.5%;
the installed capacity of ternary battery was approximately 117.3 GWh, accounting for approximately 38.8% of the total
installed capacity of power battery in the market in China, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 51.1%.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   27
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Frost & Sullivan (“F&S”) predicted that the global installed capacity of power battery will grow at a compound annual
  growth rate of approximately 33.8% between 2022 and 2026, and reach approximately 1,386.7 GWh in 2026, of which,
  the installed capacity of power battery in China is expected to reach approximately 762.0 GWh in 2026, and the compound
  annual growth rate from 2022 to 2026 will reach approximately 34.9%.

  The supply of raw materials of power battery, mainly electrolytes (including electrolyte lithium salts, binders and other
  additives), positive and negative electrode materials and separators, is bound to continuously expand with the growing
  installed capacity of power battery. Although traditional lithium salt products such as lithium hexafluorophosphate received
  the most attention in the market from 2020 to 2022, it has been considered that their supply capacity in the market has
  saturated, and they have problems such as poor thermal stability and easy hydrolysis, and potential major safety hazards.
  Therefore, new lithium salts such as lithium bisfluorosulfonimide, lithium bisfluorophosphate and lithium tetrafluoroborate
  will receive further attention and capacity release.

  Minsheng Securities Co., Ltd. (“Minsheng Securities”) believes that the fluoride ion of lithium bisfluorosulfonyl imide
  has a strong electron-withdrawing property, and the activity of lithium ion is relatively strong, with stronger electrical
  conductivity, thermal and electrochemical stability as compared with lithium hexafluorophosphate, enabling it to improve
  the cruising range and charge and discharge power of new energy vehicles in summer and winter, and enhance the safety
  of new energy vehicles under extreme conditions, so the proportion of lithium bisfluorosulfonyl imide used in electrolyte
  additives in the future is expected to increase. Compared with other lithium salts, lithium bisfluorosulfonyl imide has
  better thermal stability and electrochemical stability, and can be used in conjunction with high-nickel ternary materials to
  form a generation of lithium battery with long battery life, wide temperature and high safety. The extensive application of
  high-nickel ternary battery technology represented by Tesla 4680 battery will drive the consumption and capacity demand
  of new lithium salt represented by lithium bisfluorosulfonyl imide. Minsheng Securities estimated that the total global
  production capacity of lithium bisfluorosulfonyl imide was approximately 32,000 tonnes in 2021, and is expected to reach
  approximately 204,100 tonnes in 2025, with a compound annual growth rate of approximately 58.63%, which is a rapid
  growth.

  The ternary cathode materials with nickel, cobalt, and manganese as the main components are highly dependent on the
  development of upstream raw ore resources, and have the characteristics of long investment cycle, high return and high
  value of capital expenditure. The main enterprises that develop and produce ternary cathode materials need to cover the
  whole life cycle from raw ore development to material recycling. According to the data sorted out by Gaogong Industry
  Institute. Co. Ltd. (高工產業研究院) (“GGII”) and the Chinese Academy of Industry Economy Research (中商產業研究
  院), the global shipment of ternary cathode materials reached approximately 718,000 tonnes in 2021, representing a
  year-on-year increase of approximately 70.9%, driving the global shipment of ternary precursors to reach approximately
  738,000 tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 75.7%, which is a rapid growth. GGII predicted that
  in 2025, the global shipments of ternary cathode materials and precursors will reach approximately 2 million tonnes and 1.6
  million tonnes, respectively, with ample room for growth.

  Biopharmaceutical

  The global COVID-19 pandemic entered a new stage in 2022, and the various uncertainties caused by the COVID-19
  pandemic began to come to an end in various countries. With the gradual recovery of major economies, biopharmaceutical
  technology, which is vital for social development and human civilization progress, has also evolved rapidly from traditional
  vaccines, insulin, monoclonal antibodies to cell therapy, new recombinant protein products and application scenarios,
  nucleic acid drugs, and antibody-drug conjugates.




28   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




According to the F&S data analyzed by Huaon Industrial Research Institute (華經產業研究院), the market size of global
biopharmaceutical industry reached approximately US$336.6 billion in 2021, representing a year-on-year increase of
approximately 13%, and it is expected that the market size of global biopharmaceutical industry will grow to approximately
US$379 billion in 2022; the market size of China’s biopharmaceutical industry reached approximately RMB424.8 billion
in 2021, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 22.9%, and it is expected that the market size of China’s
biopharmaceutical industry will increase to approximately RMB516.2 billion in 2022.

According to the 2022 Annual White Paper on Innovative Drugs (《2022創新藥年度白皮書》) published by VBDATA.
CN (動脈網) and VCBeat Research (蛋殼研究院), as of 20 December 2022, the Chinese government issued a total of
49 policies related to biopharmaceuticals in 2022, mainly focusing on accelerating the high-quality development of the
biopharmaceutical industry and standardizing the development of the biopharmaceutical industry, and introduced special
policies in the fields of gene and cell therapy, antibody drugs, CXO, nucleic acid drugs, and nuclear drugs to standardize
and accelerate the development of related fields.

In May 2022, in order to scientifically plan and systematically promote the high-quality development of bio-economy
in China, the National Development and Reform Commission of China (“NDRC”) issued the 14th Five-Year Plan for
Bioeconomic Development (《“十四五”生物經濟發展規劃》) (the “14th Five-Year Plan”), which is also the first
top-level design in the field of bio-economy in China. The 14th Five-Year Plan clearly stated to promote the integration
and innovation of biotechnology and information technology, and accelerate the development of biomedicine, biological
breeding, biological materials and bio-energy industries to expand and enhance bio-economy.

In the post-pandemic era, the supply chain related to the biopharmaceutical industry will remain strong, especially that the
financing and investment needs of top domestic and overseas innovative pharmaceutical companies and industry-leading
CXOs will last for a long time. The global biopharmaceutical industry chain is also gradually expanding to developing
countries mainly concentrated in the southern hemisphere, so as to help all mankind to jointly cope with the next possible
global public health crisis.

New chemical materials

The chemical industry has always been the most active platform for the development of industrial civilization and
technological frontiers of mankind. New chemical materials refer to advanced materials with excellent properties and
functions that have emerged or are under development in the field of chemical industry, and are knowledge-intensive
and technology-intensive new materials with high technological content and high value, with the characteristics of
environmental protection such as recyclability and degradability as compared with traditional chemical products.

On 9 January 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China, the NDRC, the Ministry of Finance, the
Ministry of Ecology and Environment, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, and the State Administration for Market
Regulation jointly issued the Three-Year Action Plan for Accelerating the Innovative Development of Non-grain Bio-based
Materials (《加快非糧生物基材料創新發展三年行動方案》) (“Action Plan”), which proposes that by 2025, the
non-grain bio-based material industry shall basically develop an innovative development ecology with strong independent
innovation capabilities, continuously enriched product systems, and a green cycle and low carbon emission, the utilization
and application technologies of non-grain bio-based raw materials shall be basically mature, the competitiveness of
certain non-grain bio-based products shall be comparable to that of fossil-based products, and a high-quality, sustainable
supply and consumption system shall be initially established. In terms of specific products, the Action Plan encourages the
establishment of lactic acid production lines with production capacity of 100,000 tonnes and saccharification production
lines with annual production capacity of 10,000 tonnes in the next three years, encourages the enrichment of bio-based
chemicals and polymers such as lactic acid, pentamethylenediamine and PHA, and the bio-based materials encouraged for
development include PLA, PHA, polyamide, polyurethane, polycarbonate, 1,4-butanediol, PBS, polyterephthalate-adipate
(succinate)-butylene and polytetrahydrofuran.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   29
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Sealand Securities holds the view that the Russia-Ukraine Conflict has led to an increase in the price of raw materials such as
  natural gas, which has in turn caused a shortage of industrial natural gas, resulting in a large gap in the supply of chemical
  products in Europe and exacerbating the shortage of chemical raw materials in the international market. However, for the
  chemical industry in new industrialized countries (including China) that are not affected by raw material factors, this will
  help enhance the cost advantages and improve global competitiveness and profitability.

  In addition, under the active encouragement of macroeconomic policies, ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer, POE, biodiesel,
  chemical materials under the guidance of biosynthesis and biodegradable materials such as PLA and PHA made of polymer
  polymerization will usher in a period of accelerated development in line with the theme of green environmental protection
  and sustainable development.

  Electronic chemicals

  The three major application fields of the electronic chemicals industry include integrated circuits for semiconductors, flat
  panel displays, and solar photovoltaics. Driven by the Dual Carbon Commitment and supporting policies, renewable energy
  has become an important part for realizing the development model of circular economy.

  According to the 2022 statistics of national power industry released by the National Energy Administration, photovoltaics
  is still the fastest growing sector of new energy. In 2022, the new installed capacity of photovoltaics was approximately
  87.41 gigawatts (“GW”), representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 60.3%, hitting a record high; the installed
  capacity of solar power was approximately 390 million kilowatts, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
  28.1%. According to the report of Shanghai China Business Network Co. Ltd. (上海第一財經傳媒有限公司), 2023 is a
  critical year for the 14th Five-Year Plan, and all parties in the market are generally optimistic about the growth in demand
  for photovoltaic installed capacity in 2023. According to the goal set by the National Energy Administration, the new
  installed capacity of wind power and solar power will reach approximately 160 million kilowatts in 2023. Based on the
  ratio of 3:7 for wind power installed capacity and solar power installed capacity in 2022, the new installed capacity of
  solar power will exceed 110 GW in 2023. The accelerated development of downstream businesses will inevitably boost the
  demand for upstream silicon products.

  The development of semiconductors and other high-end integrated circuit products depends on manufacturing materials
  and packaging materials. Materials related to electronic chemicals include wet electronic chemicals (electronic-grade
  sulfuric acid, hydrogen peroxide, and ammonium fluoride, etc.), special gases, and photoresists. Shenzhen Jingtai
  Investment Development Co., Ltd. (“Jingtai Capital”) is of the view that the main driving force for the growth of global
  demand for wet electronic chemicals comes from the completion and operation of several wafer fabs and the development
  of the organic light-emitting diode industry, and estimates that by 2025, the global demand for wet electronic chemicals in
  the field of integrated circuits will increase to approximately 2.81 million tonnes, the demand for wet electronic chemicals
  in the field of flat panel displays will increase to approximately 2.43 million tonnes, and the demand for wet electronic
  chemicals in the field of photovoltaic solar cells will increase to approximately 1 million tonnes, with the total demand for
  wet electronic chemicals in these three fields reaching approximately 6.24 million tonnes.

  Top-level policies and macroeconomic conditions promote industrial development and technological innovation. The
  Group pays continuous attention to the development trend of downstream industries and macro policies, promptly
  responds to changes in industries and policies, adheres to the philosophy of dynamic layout for multiple sectors, flexibly
  utilizes hardware production capacity, and allocates more resources to key sectors. Raw materials of power battery,
  biopharmaceuticals, new chemical materials and electronic chemicals are the sectors that the Group considers promising in
  the long term.




30   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




EXPANSION OF PRODUCTION CAPACITY

The Group has two modern manufacturing bases in Nantong (along the Yangtze River) and Shanghai, China, and a
coastal manufacturing base in Malaysia. During the Reporting Period, the Group commenced construction of its high-end
biopharmaceutical equipment manufacturing base in Changshu, China, which is located in the Suzhou Pharmaceutical
Valley, adjacent to the Group’s manufacturing base in Nantong, and mainly engaged in the manufacturing of high-end
intelligent equipment and complete sets of professional precision equipment in the industries/fields of biopharmaceuticals,
family care and electronic chemicals.

Nantong manufacturing base expansion project

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s expansion project of Morimatsu Heavy Industry located in Rugao Port, Nantong
City, Jiangsu Province, with a gross floor area of approximately 38,000 square meters commenced operation. The
expansion project mainly included a new workshop for processing heavy-duty traditional pressure equipment, a new
workshop for assembling heavy-duty traditional pressure equipment and two new workshops for assembling modular
pressure equipment. After the commencement of operation, this expansion project ramped up the production capacity in
a short period of time, and had generated revenue during the Reporting Period.




                                           Nantong Manufacturing Base




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   31
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Changshu manufacturing base project

  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s high-end equipment manufacturing base project of Morimatsu LifeSciences
  located in Changshu, Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province commenced construction, the first phase of which has an area of
  approximately 130,000 square meters, and is expected to be delivered and put into operation in the fourth quarter of 2023,
  achieving an estimated annual sales of RMB2 billion. The project, when put into operation, will be mainly used to provide
  high-end process equipment and complete sets of equipment of digital intelligence for the biopharmaceutical field, wet
  electronic chemical field, family care industry and other precision industries with high requirements on cleanliness.




                                   Changshu Manufacturing Base (Design Rendering)

  Malaysia manufacturing base

  During the Reporting Period, Morimatsu Dialog, a joint venture of the Group located in Pengerang, Malaysia, was
  developing steadily as planned. The Group plans to further expand the construction of the joint venture in Malaysia as an
  overseas extension of the Group’s overall production capacity, so as to extend its reach to the Southeast Asian, Middle East
  and North American markets more effectively, and serve the industries/fields of raw materials of power battery, energy
  chemicals and pharmaceuticals/biopharmaceuticals in such regions. During the Reporting Period, this base had completed
  the delivery for the first batch of orders and realized revenue.

  Technical centers and engineering centers

  In addition to hardware production capacity, the Group continued to increase investment to develop the advanced
  technical center in Milan, Italy (mainly serving the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry/field), the advanced
  engineering technical center in Yokohama, Japan (mainly serving the material innovation field) and the engineering centers
  in Wuhan, China and Mumbai, India (providing design services in compliance with the standards in different countries and
  participating in the execution of specific projects).




32   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




INNOVATIVE THINKING AND CORPORATE COMPETITIVENESS

Serving innovation and commitment to innovation are the sources of motivation for the Group to maintain long-term
competitiveness and continuous performance growth. Since the Group mainly serves the innovation needs of downstream
industries, it needs to have the capabilities in both software and hardware to support downstream innovation, including
forward-looking strategic layout, sound research and development system and diversified and application-oriented talent
team and production capacity.

During the Reporting Period, the Group devoted itself to the research and development of non-traditional energies, new
semiconductor materials and technologies and products related to new materials, including but not limited to the following
fields:

(1)    Core production equipment for green degradable materials;

(2)    Core production equipment for the new generation of solar cell technology;

(3)    Core production equipment and complete solutions for biofuel technology;

(4)    Core production equipment and complete solutions for advanced positive and negative materials for lithium battery;

(5)    Technologies and products related to green energies (such as hydrogen energy and ammonia energy);

(6)    Others.

The Group provides full support for original technical teams and new product research teams, including resource allocation,
technology sharing, platform establishment and the realization of new business incubation. During the Reporting Period,
the Group had established several internal incubation platforms in the form of internal entrepreneurship, which are mainly
engaged in the fields closely relevant to the principal businesses of the Group, such as the development of new materials,
and the research and development of biopharmaceuticals and advanced industrial equipment, based on the demand for
new products in downstream industries. During the Reporting Period, the team engaged in the research and development
of disposable bio-reactor systems had registered and established a company, which will gradually contribute to the
performance.

As a provider of non-standard products and solutions, the Group’s development stemmed from its ability to serve the
dynamic needs of downstream industries, which includes how to keep in line with customers’ technology updates and
product iterations at different stages, including the forms of joint research and development, enterprise-university-institute
cooperation and independent product innovation, to keep in pace with the continuous evolution of downstream industries
with its own continuous evolution.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   33
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  In addition to product intrinsic attributes such as quality, price, and delivery period, the development of corporate
  competitiveness also lies in dynamic learning capabilities, broad market vision, diverse development paths, and rich future
  elements. The development moat strategy established by the Group is derived from the following aspects:

  (1)       Innovative ability to serve multiple downstream sectors at the same time;

  (2)       General-purpose hardware capacity that serves the needs of multiple industries at the same time;

  (3)       Design and engineering management capabilities to meet different national and industry standards;

  (4)       Design, manufacture and improvement capabilities for the core equipment in different industries;

  (5)       Digital technologies covering the entire life cycle of a project (digital design/manufacturing/delivery/operation and
            maintenance);

  (6)       An open mind for development and an international business team.


  EXPECTATION MANAGEMENT FOR ORDERS AND REVENUE

  The Group’s revenue mainly comes from (1) the capital expenditure construction projects; (2) the equipment update and
  technical transformation projects; and (3) the operation and maintenance projects in downstream industries, such as the
  provision of spare parts for equipment operation, simple engineering transformation and other paid services. During the
  Reporting Period, the amount of the Group’s new orders was approximately RMB9.356 billion, representing a year-on-year
  increase of approximately 40.60%, of which domestic and overseas orders accounted for 56.73% and 43.27%,
  respectively.

  Capital expenditure projects are characterized by large amounts and long periods, and the value of a single contract is
  generally more than RMB50 million. The product types involved include core equipment, complete sets of equipment,
  modular equipment, and total engineering solutions, and the application scenarios are generally the duplication and
  expansion of the production devices for new products and existing industrial devices in downstream industries. The Group
  has a strong forward-looking ability for the actual needs and implementation time of capital expenditure projects. Given
  that the client’s internal assessment and decision-making process and external review process (such as environmental
  impact assessment, administrative approval and financing) require a long period of time, so the Group participates in
  various forms from the feasibility study stage of downstream customers, including providing collaborative feasibility studies
  (business and technology assessment), joint research and development, and design of key equipment and process routes.

  The successful delivery of capital expenditure projects indicates that the Group has a good perspective on business volume
  and good sensitivity to the prosperity of downstream industries, and that the Group has a good control over production
  capacity requirements, capital planning and growth expectations.




34      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




For customers who are not yet in the capital investment cycle, the Group maintains a good cooperative relationship with
them by providing equipment update and technical transformation projects as well as operation and maintenance projects,
and takes these projects as the opportunities for pre-sale services for their potential capital expenditure projects, thereby
creating a service platform covering full life cycle of a certain technology and product and further improving customer
viscosity.




                      Capital Expenditure (Major Investment) Project Cycle of Downstream Industries

                                              Different Stages (for reference)




                                                 Feasibility Study Stage


                       1. Assist clients in conducting commercial and technical feasibility studies
                          on potential projects
                       2. Provide cost, cycle and technical feasibility assessment according to
                          the needs of customers
                       3. Can provide joint research and development, technical support and
                          other forms of pre-sales services



                                       Front End Engineering Design (FEED) Stage


                                    1. Provide preliminary technical solutions
                                    2. Provide corresponding quotations and
                                       estimated delivery dates
                                    3. Can continue to provide joint research and
                                       development, technical support and
                                       other forms of pre-sales services


                                                    Purchasing Stage


                                                1. Determine prices
                                                2. Determine delivery dates
                                                3. Sign technical agreements
                                                4. Determine commercial
                                                   terms
                                                5. Determine prices of main
                                                   raw materials


                                                     Contract Award



                                                                           1. Determine contract execution mechanism
                                                                        2. Kick-off
                                                                      3. Generate cash flows (receipts in advance)
                                                                   4. Purchase main raw materials


                              Follow-up Process for Capital Expenditure Projects

                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   35
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  TALENT STRATEGY — INVESTMENT, CONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT WITH AN
  INTERNATIONAL VIEW

  Talents are the most valuable wealth of the Group, and the investment in talents is the most important investment of the
  Group. “Investment”, “Construction” and “Development” are the three keywords of the Group’s talent strategy. The
  Group has a complete internal training and career development system as well as employee care policies. For details, please
  refer to the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” section of this annual report.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group employed 4,142 people, of which over 2,100 were in engineering and technical
  management, including 521 research and development personnel.

  The Group continuously selects and sends outstanding technical personnel to internationally renowned universities to study
  for doctoral degrees, who will conduct research on special topics related to the Group’s business, and realize the benefits
  of individuals, enterprises, and universities through the integration of production, education and research.

  The research and development team of the Group continued the research and development activities in the fields of
  industrial material circulation system, semiconductor material technology, microfluidic control system, industrial automation
  system, and new vaccine production system in various forms, including the establishment of joint laboratories with
  downstream enterprises, joint development projects with well-known universities, and internal independent innovation.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to provide support for internal entrepreneurial teams, and provided
  platform-based incubation services on the basis of opening up and sharing resources and markets to promote the
  development of new products and technologies, covering such fields as new materials, biopharmaceuticals, advanced
  industrial equipment and industrial automation technology. Among them, the entrepreneurial team on the development of
  disposable bio-reaction technology and related products had acquired the status of a legal person with the establishment
  of a subsidiary of the Company.

  The Group’s overseas subsidiaries continued to employ outstanding local professionals, which has strengthened the
  Group’s integration with overseas markets, enriched the Group’s international technology sources, and ultimately
  enhanced the comprehensive competitiveness of the Group’s products in the global market.


  FUTURE OUTLOOK

  Looking back upon the various achievements made by the Group during the Reporting Period, they are all affirmations and
  rewards for the successful strategic layout of the Group in different historical stages and fields, including, among others:

  (1)       Taking service innovation as the main development path of the Group, so as to avoid homogeneous competition
            caused by a minimizing and single development model;

  (2)       Reasonable planning of production capacity. The Group insists that the development of hardware production
            capacity must not only meet the business growth needs of the Group, but also match the development pace of
            human resources, so as to avoid the low-profit operation mode of “orders are restricted by production capacity and
            growth serves production capacity”; meanwhile, it moderately develops overseas hardware production capacity, to
            serve specific requirements from customers in special markets;




36      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




(3)   Keeping the balanced development in domestic and overseas markets, and actively deploying overseas technical
      centers, engineering centers and service centers to provide diversified products and support services covering the
      entire life cycle of products for the global development of multinational companies;

(4)   Operating in multiple sectors, focusing on popular sectors, taking the pursuit of best return as the basis for resource
      allocation, and avoiding the dependence on a single sector, single market, and a small number of customers;
      making use of the investment cycle gaps of different sectors and different industries to complete talent, technology
      and capacity reserve.




                                                                                                                                                             "Service +
                International
                                                                                                                                                              Product +
             team and technical                                                                                                                            Service" Model
                  resources                                                                                                                                  Long-term
             Serving innovation                                                     pment driv
                                                                                velo          ers                                                         cooperation with
              needs worldwide                                                 De                                                                         leading enterprises
                                               Customer                                                       Pre-sales                                       in various
                                                needs                                                          services                                       industries


                                                                Product
                         Continuous            Serving          iteration                       After-sales    Customer                              Customized
                         imprvement          innovation      Technological                       services     relationship                            solutions
                                                                upgrade


                                                Global
                                              deployment
                                                                               Constant                         Global
                                                                                                               solutions
                                                                                growth


                                                                                                                     do In t
                                                       dc                                                              w n erac
                                                  p ro
                                                                                 Innovation
                                      Diversified rkets                             needs                                  str ti o n w it h
                                                                                                                              eam
                                         and ma                                                                                     i n d u s t ri e s
                                                    ut s


                                                                                    MVP           Core
                                                            Full-life-cycle
                                                                                  strategy      equipment
                                                              coverage



                                                                                  Value-added
                                                                                    services/
                                                                                      Total
                                                                                    solutions



                                                                                 Diversified
                                                                                 multi-level
                                                                              product forms
                                                                         Full-life-cycle coverage
                                                                             on downstream
                                                                                 industries
                                                                              Technological
                                                                             innovation and
                                                                            product iteration



                                                                      Sustainable Development




                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   37
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Taking innovation as the growth engine, talents as the cornerstone of operation and value as the product orientation, and
  a global vision for development, the Group will continue to create value for customers and downstream industries, protect
  the interests of Shareholders, and firmly fulfill its social responsibilities.


  REVIEW OF FINANCIAL DATA

  During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB6,486,277,000, representing a
  year-on-year increase of approximately 51.3%. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s net profit was approximately
  RMB666,182,000, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 74.5%.

  Revenue

  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue increased by approximately 51.3% which was mainly attributable to the
  revenue generated from the industry/field of pharmaceutical, raw materials of power battery and electronic chemical.

                                                   As of 31 December                                           Increase/
     Revenue by end                        2022                           2021                                (decrease)      Year-on-year
     application                     RMB’000    Proportion        RMB’000                  Proportion          RMB’000             change
                                                                 (Restated)                 (Restated)


     Electronic chemical              879,357             13.6%            441,742             10.3%            437,615             99.1%
     Chemical                       1,563,376             24.1%          1,670,471             39.0%           (107,095)            -6.4%
     Family care Note 1               403,258              6.2%            157,330              3.7%            245,928            156.3%
     Raw materials of power
        battery Note 2                995,435             15.3%            261,270              6.1%            734,165            281.0%
     Oil and gas                      161,158              2.5%            258,516              6.0%             (97,358)          -37.7%
     Pharmaceutical and
        biopharmaceutical           2,154,425             33.2%          1,302,977             30.4%            851,448              65.3%
     Others                           329,268              5.1%            193,916              4.5%            135,352              69.8%


     Total                          6,486,277             100.0%         4,286,222            100.0%          2,200,055              51.3%

 Note 1: Previously known as daily chemical. For better business delineation, this industry has been renamed to family care. The offerings and
         products under this industry remain unchanged.

 Note 2: Raw materials of power battery include mining and metallurgy industry.




38     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Cost of sales

During the Reporting Period, the cost of sales increased by approximately 51.3% from approximately RMB3,102,639,000
for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB4,692,891,000. The increase in cost of sales was in line with
the increase in revenue.

                                                As of 31 December
                                        2022                           2021                                    Increase      Year-on-year
 Cost of sales                    RMB’000    Proportion        RMB’000                    Proportion          RMB’000             change
                                                              (Restated)                   (Restated)

 Raw materials and
    consumables                  3,189,837              68.0%           2,037,829             65.7%          1,152,008              56.5%
 Direct labour costs               474,977              10.1%             406,600             13.1%             68,377              16.8%
 Outsourcing fees                  401,528               8.6%             249,441              8.0%            152,087              61.0%
 Installation and repair
    cost                           370,342                7.9%            182,690              5.9%            187,652            102.7%
 Depreciation                       61,968                1.3%             57,291              1.8%              4,677              8.2%
 Impairment losses on
    assets                           (1,131)              0.0%              (9,071)           -0.3%               7,940            -87.5%
 Others (indirect labour
    cost + design fees)            195,370                4.1%            177,859              5.8%             17,511               9.8%

 Total                           4,692,891             100.0%           3,102,639            100.0%          1,590,252              51.3%


Gross profit and gross profit margin

During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the Group increased by approximately 51.5% from approximately
RMB1,183,583,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB1,793,386,000, basically in line with the
increase in revenue; the gross profit margin of the Group was approximately 27.6%, which is same as that for the year
ended 31 December 2021.

                                              As of 31 December
                                        2022                         2021                                      Increase/
 Gross profit by end                       Gross profit                   Gross profit                        (decrease) Change in gross
 application                      RMB’000      margin        RMB’000          margin                          RMB’000      profit margin
                                                            (Restated)     (Restated)

 Electronic chemical               192,036              21.8%             108,359             24.5%              83,677             -2.7%
 Chemical                          344,307              22.0%             413,645             24.8%             (69,338)            -2.8%
 Family care Note 1                151,987              37.7%              35,791             22.7%            116,196              15.0%
 Raw materials of power
    battery Note 2                 299,111              30.0%              86,975             33.3%            212,136              -3.3%
 Oil and gas                        41,631              25.8%              62,855             24.3%             (21,224)             1.5%
 Pharmaceutical and
    biopharmaceutical              677,222              31.4%             402,978             30.9%            274,244               0.5%
 Others                             87,092              26.5%              72,980             37.6%             14,112             -11.1%

 Total                           1,793,386              27.6%           1,183,583             27.6%            609,803                   —

Note 1: Previously known as daily chemical. For better business delineation, this industry has been renamed to family care. The offerings and
        products under this industry remain unchanged.

Note 2: Raw materials of power battery include mining and metallurgy industry.

                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022       39
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Electronic chemical

  During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the electronic chemical industry of the Group increased by approximately
  RMB83,677,000, from approximately RMB108,359,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately
  RMB192,036,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022; the gross profit margin decreased from approximately 24.5%
  for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately 21.8% for the year ended 31 December 2022. The decrease in
  gross profit margin was mainly due to the fact that in order to expand market influence and protect the iteration of new
  equipment, the Group adopted a strategy of confrontational competition model to receive orders for certain projects.

  Chemical

  During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the chemical industry of the Group decreased by approximately
  RMB69,338,000 from approximately RMB413,645,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately
  RMB344,307,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022; the gross profit margin decreased from approximately 24.8% for
  the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately 22.0% for the year ended 31 December 2022. The decrease in gross
  profit margin was mainly due to the fact that the Group undertook certain projects with relatively low gross profit margins
  from certain customers in order to obtain follow-up large-value contracts from such customers, and that additional cost was
  incurred for the first-time production of new products and the first-time application of new processes.

  Family care

  During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the family care industry of the Group increased by approximately
  RMB116,196,000 from approximately RMB35,791,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately
  RMB151,987,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022; the gross profit margin increased from approximately 22.7% for
  the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately 37.7% for the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in gross
  profit margin was mainly due to the fact that the Group reduced the cost for providing digital modular system and overall
  process line to a leading enterprise in an industry by taking advantage of its strong design capabilities to optimize the
  solutions to this customer.

  Raw materials of power battery

  During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the raw materials of power battery field of the Group increased by
  approximately RMB212,136,000, from approximately RMB86,975,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to
  approximately RMB299,111,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022; the gross profit margin decreased from
  approximately 33.3% for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately 30.0% for the year ended 31 December
  2022. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due to the fact that the Group undertook certain projects with
  relatively low gross profit margins in order to expand overseas markets, and that the inspection costs were increased for
  certain overseas projects.




40   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




Oil and gas

During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the oil and gas industry of the Group decreased by approximately
RMB21,224,000, from approximately RMB62,855,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately
RMB41,631,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022; the gross profit margin increased from approximately 24.3% for
the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately 25.8% for the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in gross
profit margin was mainly due to the fact that equipment requiring the making of special materials was involved in certain
projects, which have high requirements for production and thus higher gross profit.

Pharmaceutical

During the Reporting Period, the gross profit of the pharmaceutical industry of the Group increased by approximately
RMB274,244,000, from approximately RMB402,978,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately
RMB677,222,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022. The gross profit margin remained stable as compared to the year
ended 31 December 2021.

Other income/(loss)

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded other loss of approximately RMB701,000, while it recorded other income
of approximately RMB5,876,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 which was mainly due to the increase in net losses
from the settlement of forward exchange contracts.

Selling and marketing expenses

The Group’s selling and marketing expenses primarily consist of the salaries and benefits of its sales and marketing staff,
commissions, customer service fees, travel expenses and marketing and promotion expenses. During the Reporting
Period, the selling and marketing expenses of the Group increased by approximately RMB77,901,000 from approximately
RMB106,559,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB184,460,000 for the year ended 31
December 2022, mainly due to (1) the increase in the headcount of sales staff in line with the expansion of business scale,
resulting in an increase in relevant salary and benefit expenses; and (2) the increase in the commission fees paid to third
parties for exploring overseas markets and new customers. During the Reporting Period, the selling and marketing expenses
accounted for approximately 2.8% of the Group’s total revenue (2021:2.5%).

General and administrative expenses

The Group’s general and administrative expenses primarily consist of the salaries and benefits of management and
administrative staff, office expenses and consulting fees. During the Reporting Period, the general and administrative
expenses of the Group increased by approximately RMB128,948,000 from approximately RMB381,500,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB510,448,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to (1)
the new adoption of a restricted share unit scheme on 15 December 2021, resulting in an increase of RMB71,836,000 in
share-based payment expenses; and (2) the increases in the salaries and benefits of management and administrative staff,
depreciation and amortization expenses related to long-term asset investment as well as travel expenses and entertainment
expenses to support the rapid expansion of business scale. Benefiting from a series of cost reduction and efficiency
enhancement measures, the general and administrative expenses accounted for approximately 7.9% of the Group’s total
revenue during the Reporting Period (2021:8.9%).




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   41
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Research and development expenses

  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s research and development expenses increased by approximately RMB89,456,000
  from approximately RMB226,628,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB316,084,000 for
  the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the increase in the Group’s investment of manpower and
  resources in new fields, new products and new processes to enhance its core competitiveness.

  Finance costs

  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance costs decreased by approximately RMB6,843,000, from approximately
  RMB22,794,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB15,951,000 for the year ended 31 December
  2022, mainly due to (1) the repayment of part of the bank loans in the second half of 2021, resulting in a corresponding
  decrease in interest expenses; and (2) the full capitalization of the interest on bank loans incurred for the construction of
  the manufacturing base in Changshu, resulting in a decrease in the interest expenses included in finance costs.

  Income tax expenses

  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s income tax expenses increased by approximately RMB27,430,000 from
  approximately RMB67,305,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB94,735,000 for the year
  ended 31 December 2022. The Group derived its profit mainly from two subsidiaries located in China, which enjoy a
  preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s effective income tax rate was
  approximately 12.5%, representing a decrease of approximately 2.5% from approximately 15.0% for the year ended 31
  December 2021, mainly attributable to the temporary preferential tax policy of the Chinese government, which allowed
  high-tech enterprises to enjoy 100% additional deduction before tax for the equipment and appliances newly purchased in
  the fourth quarter of 2022.

  Net profit and net profit margin

  Based on the above factors, the Group recorded a net profit of approximately RMB666,182,000 during the Reporting
  Period, representing an increase of approximately RMB284,344,000 from approximately RMB381,838,000 for the
  year ended 31 December 2021; the Group’s net profit margin was approximately 10.3%, representing an increase of
  approximately 1.4% from approximately 8.9% for the year ended 31 December 2021.

  Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) Measures

  The Group believes that the adjusted financial measures are useful for understanding and evaluating the underlying
  performance and operating trends of the Group, and that the management and investors may benefit from referring to
  these adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s financial performance by eliminating the impact of certain
  unusual, non-recurring, non-cash and non-operating items that the Group does not consider indicative of the performance
  of the Group’s core business. The Group’s management believes that these non-HKFRS financial measures are widely
  accepted and applied in the industry in which the Group operates. However, these non-HKFRS financial measures should
  not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance
  with HKFRS. Shareholders and potential investors of the Company should not view the following adjusted results on
  a stand-alone basis or as a substitute for results under HKFRSs, and such non-HKFRS financial measures may not be
  comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.




42   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded an EBITDA of approximately RMB890,682,000, representing an
increase of approximately RMB325,733,000 or approximately 57.7% from approximately RMB564,949,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2021. Excluding the listing expenses and share-based payments, the Group recorded an adjusted
EBITDA of approximately RMB1,030,069,000 during the Reporting Period, representing an increase of approximately
RMB376,515,000 or approximately 57.6% from approximately RMB653,554,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021.

                                                                                              For the year ended
                                                                                                 31 December
                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                              (Restated)


 Net profit                                                                                    666,182             381,838
  Add: Income tax expenses                                                                      94,735              67,305
       Interest expenses                                                                        15,951              22,794
       Depreciation                                                                             98,443              79,343
       Amortization                                                                             15,371              13,669
 EBITDA                                                                                        890,682             564,949
  Add: Share-based payments                                                                    139,387              67,551
       Listing expense                                                                              —               21,054
 Adjusted EBITDA                                                                             1,030,069             653,554


Property, plant and equipment

The balance of property, plant and equipment of the Group increased by approximately 31.2%, from approximately
RMB1,227,021,000 as at 31 December 2021 to approximately RMB1,609,565,000 as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to
the increase of the Group’s investment in the construction of the two manufacturing bases in Nantong and Changshu.

Trade and other receivables

The Group’s trade and other receivables increased by approximately 26.5%, from approximately RMB921,456,000 as at 31
December 2021 to approximately RMB1,165,785,000 as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to (1) the increase in
trade receivables as a result of the increase in revenue; (2) the increased bills receivable due to the use of bank acceptance
bills by certain customers; and (3) an increase in prepayments resulting from the purchase of raw materials for more orders
on hand.

Contract assets

The Group’s contract assets increased by approximately 36.3%, from approximately RMB609,515,000 as at 31 December
2021 to approximately RMB830,927,000 as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the significant increase in new
orders entered into during the Reporting Period, of which certain orders with large sum have been partially recognised as
revenue, but have yet to reach the agreed time of cash collection.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   43
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Inventories

  The Group’s inventories increased by approximately 80.0%, from approximately RMB1,229,633,000 as at 31 December
  2021 to approximately RMB2,213,728,000 as at 31 December 2022, of which work in progress increased by approximately
  RMB728,444,000 and raw materials increased by approximately RMB255,651,000, which was mainly due to (1) the
  preparation of raw materials for orders newly entered into; and (2) the expansion in business scale which led to a significant
  increase in orders under production.

  Trade and other payables

  The Group’s trade and other payables increased by approximately 49.2%, from approximately RMB1,094,663,000 as at 31
  December 2021 to approximately RMB1,633,543,000 as at 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to (1) the increase
  in trade payables as a result of the increase in purchase volume in line with the expansion of business scale; and (2) the
  increase in the salaries payable to employees in line with the increase in the number of employees; and (3) the increase in
  accrued commission fees to third parties in order to explore new markets and new customers.

  Contract liabilities

  The Group’s contract liabilities increased by approximately 33.1%, from approximately RMB2,171,901,000 as at 31
  December 2021 to approximately RMB2,890,048,000 as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the increase in new orders
  entered into during the Reporting Period and the management’s efforts to strictly require advance payments for projects.

  Borrowings and gearing ratio

  The total borrowings of the Group increased from approximately RMB370,002,000 as at 31 December 2021 to
  approximately RMB444,233,000 as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the increase in bank borrowings to pay part of the
  amount required for engineering construction.

  As at 31 December 2022, the borrowings of the Group bore interest at a rate between 2.51% to 6.81%, of which fixed-
  rate borrowings amounted to approximately RMB254,131,000 and variable-rate borrowings amounted to approximately
  RMB190,102,000. RMB denominated borrowings amounted to approximately RMB360,809,000, of which approximately
  RMB254,249,000 will be due within 1 year, and approximately RMB106,560,000 will be due after 2 years but within
  5 years; and HKD denominated borrowings amounted to approximately RMB83,424,000, of which, approximately
  RMB350,000 will be due within one year, and approximately RMB83,074,000 will be due after 1 year but within 2 years.

  Gearing ratio is calculated by dividing interest-bearing borrowings by total equity. The Group’s gearing ratio decreased
  from approximately 18.4% as at 31 December 2021 to approximately 15.7% as at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the
  increase in reserves as a result of the earnings during the Reporting Period.

  Liquidity and capital resources

  As at 31 December 2022, the balance of cash and cash equivalents of the Group was approximately RMB1,370,359,000,
  representing a decrease of approximately RMB178,516,000 from approximately RMB1,548,875,000 as at 31 December
  2021. Under the premise of ensuring liquidity, the Group purchased short-term wealth management products issued by
  banks with idle funds, the outstanding amount of which was approximately RMB253,748,000 as at 31 December 2022.

  The liquidity of the Group mainly includes cash generated from operating activities, net proceeds from the Global Offering
  and bank borrowings. The liquidity requirements mainly include general working capital and capital expenditures.



44   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




The Group maintains the flexibility of capital by using bank credit facilities and interest-bearing borrowings, and regularly
monitors the current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that sufficient financial resources are maintained to
meet the liquidity requirements.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had total bank facilities of RMB1,685,000,000, USD116,108,000, SEK300,000,000,
HK$93,000,000 and JPY16,400,000,000 (aggregately equivalent to RMB3,635,161,000), of which, used bank facilities
were approximately RMB1,105,317,000, USD57,636,000, EUR3,686,000, HK$93,000,000 and JPY82,000,000
(aggregately equivalent to approximately RMB1,621,454,000), and unused bank facilities were equivalent to
RMB2,013,707,000.

Contingent liabilities and guarantees

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

Issue of equity securities

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any equity securities (including securities convertible into equity
securities) for cash.

Significant investments, acquisitions and disposals

On 17 January 2022, the Group set up a new subsidiary, Morimatsu Biotechnology, in the PRC, the primary activities
of which are the research and development of biological technology and the manufacturing and sales of related special
equipment. As at 31 December 2022, the registered capital of Morimatsu Biotechnology was RMB50 million, and the
Company indirectly held 72.25% of the equity interest of Morimatsu Biotechnology.

In order to promote the internationalization strategy and expand the North American market, on 28 February 2022, the
Group entered into a share acquisition agreement with Morimatsu Holdings to acquire entire issued shares of common
stock of Morimatsu Houston, for a total consideration of US$1,295,000. For further details, please refer to the Company’s
announcement dated 28 February 2022.

On 24 May 2022, the Group established a new subsidiary, Mori-Biounion Technology, in the PRC, the principal activities
of which are biotechnology consulting and services, as well as the production and sales of related products. As at 31
December 2022, the registered capital of Mori-Biounion Technology was RMB41.3 million, and Morimatsu Biotechnology
directly held 59.32% of the equity interest of Mori-Biounion Technology.

On 1 July 2022, Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment, a subsidiary of the Group, and two associate partners established
Jiangsu Qunchuang Wisdom New Material Co., Ltd. (江蘇群創智慧新材料有限公司) in the PRC, which is mainly engaged
in the research and development, manufacturing and sales of new membrane materials. As at 31 December 2022, the
registered capital of the said company was RMB300 million and the Company indirectly held 20% of its equity interest.

On 11 July 2022, Morimatsu Heavy Industry, a subsidiary of the Group, and three associate partners established Mori-Union
Microchannel Industrial Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海森聯微通工業裝備有限公司) in the PRC, which is mainly engaged in the
research and development of microchannel reactors. As at 31 December 2022, the registered capital of the said company
was RMB10 million, and the Company indirectly held 36% of its equity interest.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   45
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Save as disclosed above, the Group did not hold any other significant investments, nor did it have any material acquisitions
  or disposals of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.

  Important events after the Reporting Period

  On 4 January 2023, the Company, Morimatsu Holdings and China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities
  Limited (“CICC”) entered into a placing and subscription agreement, pursuant to which, (1) Morimatsu Holdings had
  agreed to appoint CICC, and CICC had agreed to act as agent of Morimatsu Holdings and to procure purchasers to
  purchase on a best effort basis, an aggregate of up to 80,000,000 existing Shares at the placing price; and (2) Morimatsu
  Holdings had agreed to subscribe for, and the Company has agreed to allot and issue to Morimatsu Holdings, an aggregate
  of up to 80,000,000 new Shares at the subscription price (being the same as the placing price), in each case upon the
  terms and subject to the conditions set out in the placing and subscription agreement. The completion of the placing took
  place on 9 January 2023 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the placing and subscription agreement, where an
  aggregate of 80,000,000 sale Shares were successfully placed to no less than six placees at the placing price of HK$8.30
  for each sale Share. As all conditions of the subscription had been fulfilled, the Company allotted and issued 80,000,000
  subscription Shares to Morimatsu Holdings at HK$8.30 per subscription Share on 12 January 2023 in accordance with the
  terms and conditions of the placing and subscription agreement. For further details, please refer to the announcements of
  the Company dated 4 January 2023 and 12 January 2023.

  On 16 January 2023, the Company established a new wholly-owned subsidiary, Pharmadule Singapore. The registered
  capital of Pharmadule Singapore is SGD500,000, which mainly provides technical and service support for the Group’s
  business expansion in Southeast Asia.

  Save as disclosed above, as of the date of this annual report, the Group had no significant events after the Reporting Period.




46   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                      Directors’ Report


The Board is pleased to present this report of the Directors together with the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Group for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

The Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
the Laws of Hong Kong) on 23 July 2019. The Group’s principal activities are the design, manufacture, installation and
operation and maintenance of core equipment, process system (such as process module) and total solutions (such as
modular industrial equipment) mainly for chemical reactions, biological reactions and polymerization. The Group currently
provides services to downstream industries/fields include oil and gas, family care, new chemical materials, pharmaceuticals
(including biopharmaceuticals and chemical synthesis drugs), raw materials for power batteries (including metallic ores, raw
materials for lithium batteries and intermediate chemical raw materials) and electronic chemicals (including the production
of raw materials for photovoltaics and high-purity chemical reagents), etc.

A list of the Company’s subsidiaries (save for Morimatsu Dialog), together with their places of incorporation, principal
activities and particulars of their issued shares/fully paid-up capital, is set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group during the Reporting Period and a discussion on the Group’s future business
development are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. This discussion
forms part of this report of the Board.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this Directors’ Report were:

Executive Directors

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (Chief Financial Officer)
Mr. Tang Weihua
Mr. Sheng Ye
Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   47
  Directors’ Report




  Independent Non-executive Directors

  Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
  Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
  Mr. Yu Jianguo

  Other directors of all subsidiaries during the Reporting Period and up to the date of
  this Directors’ Report

  Ms. Nishimura Kyoko
  Mr. Matsuhisa Hiroyuki
  Mr. Lu Weifeng
  Mr. Sanada Kazuaki
  Mr. Suganuma Yasuo
  Mr. Li Hongbin
  Ms. Zhao Xiaohong
  Mr. Yang Xiaodong
  Mr. Lv Binfeng
  Mr. Chen Zhangwu
  Mr. Jiang Pei
  Mr. Gu Zhenghui
  Mr. Gausmohmmad Mohmmadaslam Khan
  Mr. Hans Wallebring
  Ms. Zhang Haifang
  Ms. Zhang Yali
  Ms. Xia Wei
  Mr. Lu Yi
  Mr. Zhang Rengui
  Mr. Ma Yong


  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

  Biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
  Management” of this annual report.


  DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

  Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years, subject to
  termination before expiry by either party giving not less than three months’ notice in writing to the other.

  Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of
  three years, which may be terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.

  None of the Directors has a service contract with the Company or any member of the Group which is not terminated by the
  employer within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.




48   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force during the Reporting
Period and as at the date of this annual report in accordance with the Articles of Association. The Company has arranged
appropriate liability insurance coverage for the Directors and the senior management of the Company, which provides
appropriate coverage for the Directors and the senior management of the Company.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

The remuneration of the Directors will be reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Shareholders.
In determining the remuneration of the Directors, the relevant Director’s experience, duties and responsibilities, time
commitment, the Company’s performance and the prevailing market conditions will be considered.

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in notes 7 and 8
to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

None of the Directors has waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the Reporting Period.


CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

Since 16 January 2023, Mr. Hirazawa Jungo, an executive Director, served as a director of Pharmadule Singapore.

Since April 2023, Mr. Kanno Shinichiro, an independent non-executive Director, no longer served as a distinguished
professor in the Tokyo International University (東京國際大學).

Save as disclosed above, the Directors (including the Chief Executive Officer) confirmed that there is no change to any of
the information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director (including the Chief Executive Officer) pursuant to Rule
13.51B of the Listing Rules.


INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/her
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive Directors
to be independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors or their respective associates (as
defined in the Listing Rules) had engaged in or had any interest in any business which competes or may compete with the
businesses of the Group.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      49
  Directors’ Report




  DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

  Our Controlling Shareholders have entered into the Deed of Non-competition, pursuant to which each of our Controlling
  Shareholders has, amongst other matters, irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken with the Company (for itself and as
  trustee for its subsidiaries) that at any time during the Relevant Period (as defined below), he/it shall, and shall procure that
  his/its respective close associates (except any members of the Group) shall:

  (1)       not, directly or indirectly, be interested, involved or engaged in or acquire or hold any right or interest (in each case
            whether as a shareholder, partner, agent or otherwise, and whether for profit, reward or otherwise) in any business
            which competes or is likely to complete directly or indirectly with the core business currently engaged or possibly in
            the future to be engaged by the Group in Hong Kong, the PRC and any other country or jurisdiction to which the
            Group provides such services and/or in which any member of the Group carries on business mentioned above from
            time to time (the “Restricted Business”);

  (2)       not take any action, directly or indirectly, which constitutes an interference with or a disruption to the business
            activities of the Group including, but not limited to, solicitation of any existing customers, suppliers or employees of
            the Group for employment by them or their close associates (other than members of the Group);

  (3)       not, without the prior consent from the Company, make use of any information pertaining to the business of the
            Group which may have come to their knowledge in the capacity as the Controlling Shareholders for any purpose of
            engaging, investing or participating in any Restricted Business;

  (4)       if there is any project or new business opportunity that relates to the Restricted Business (the “Business
            Opportunity”) available to any of the Controlling Shareholders or their close associates (other than members of
            the Group):

            1）      notify the Company in writing immediately, followed by the provision of requisite information which
                    is reasonable necessary for the merits on whether or not to engage in such Business Opportunity be
                    considered, assessed and/or evaluated;

            2）      who plans to participate or engage in such Business Opportunity, give the Company a first right of refusal to
                    participate or engage therein on terms that are fair and reasonable;

            3）      not pursue such Business Opportunity until we have confirmed in writing our rejection to pursue, involve
                    or engage in the same because of commercial reasons, any of our decisions on which will have to be
                    approved by the independent non-executive Directors (the “Independent Board”) (at the exclusion of
                    those with beneficial interests in such Business Opportunity), taking into account, among other issues, (i) the
                    prevailing business, legal, regulatory and contractual landscape of the Group, (ii) results of feasibility study,
                    (iii) counterparty risks, (iv) contemplated profitability, (v) the financial resources required for such Business
                    Opportunity and, (vi) where necessary, any opinion from experts on the commercial viability of the same; and

            4）      on the condition that the Group rejects to pursue such Business Opportunity pursuant to sub-paragraph
                    (4) above or if the Independent Board failed to respond within 30 days’ period, that the principal terms on
                    which the relevant Controlling Shareholder and/or his/its close associates pursues such Business Opportunity
                    are substantially the same as or not more favourable than those disclosed to the Company and that the terms
                    of such pursuance, whether directly or indirectly, shall be disclosed to the Company and our Directors as
                    soon as practicable;




50      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




(5)    keep the Board informed of any matter of potential conflicts of interests between each of the Controlling
       Shareholders (including his/its close associates) and the Group, in particular a transaction between any of the
       Controlling Shareholders (including his/its close associates) and the Group; and

(6)    provide as soon as practicable upon the Company’s request to our Directors (including the independent non-
       executive Directors):

       1）      a written confirmation on an annual basis in respect of compliance by him/it with the terms of the Deed of
               Non-competition;

       2）      all information necessary for the review and enforcement of the undertakings contained in the Deed of Non-
               competition by the independent non-executive Directors with regard to such compliance; and

       3）      their respective consent to the inclusion of such confirmation in the Company’s annual report or by way of
               an announcement, and all such other information as may be reasonably requested by the Company for its
               review.

For the above purpose, the “Relevant Period” means the period commencing from the Listing Date and shall expire on the
earliest of the following dates on which:

(1)    the Controlling Shareholders and their close associates (individually or taken as a whole) ceases to own an aggregate
       of 30% of the then issued share capital of the Company, directly or indirectly, or cease to be the controlling
       shareholders for the purpose of the Listing Rules and do not have power to control the Board;

(2)    the day the Shares cease to be listed on the Stock Exchange; and

(3)    the Company becomes wholly-owned by any of the Controlling Shareholders and/or their respective close
       associates.

Each of Morimatsu Group, Morimatsu Holdings, Matsuhisa Terumoto and Mr. Matsuhisa Hiroyuki (the “Covenantors”)
has provided a confirmation to the Company regarding their compliance with the Deed of Non-Competition during the
Reporting Period. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed their respective compliance with the Deed of
Non-Competition, evaluated its effective implementation and were satisfied with the Covenantors’ compliance with the
Deed of Non-Competition during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in this annual report, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company, its
parent company or controlling shareholders or any of their respective subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an
entity connected with a Director is or was materially interested, either directly or indirectly, subsisted during or at the end
of the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   51
  Directors’ Report




  EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

  As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 4,142 employees, among which 521 are research and development
  personnel, accounting for more than 12% of the total number of employees. The Group has a comprehensive
  remuneration and welfare system and an effective performance appraisal system as required by laws, and determines the
  remuneration of employees based on their positions and performance. The Group’s remuneration policies seek to provide
  fair market remuneration in form and value to attract, retain and motivate high quality staff. Remuneration packages are set
  at comparable and competitive levels with other companies in the industry and the market to compete for a similar talent
  pool.

  Employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
  administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC contribute funds which
  are calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the
  scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees. The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of
  retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual contributions described above. All contributions to the
  defined contribution retirement scheme are recognised as an expense in profit or loss when the services are rendered by
  the employees and when they fall due under the relevant regulations. For the defined contribution retirement scheme, no
  forfeited contributions could be used by employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

  The Company has also adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and a RSU Scheme. The
  specific details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the RSU Scheme are set out in
  the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”, “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” and “RSU Scheme” below.


  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  Details of related party transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 31 to the consolidated
  financial statements in this annual report.

  Save as the lease payments set out below, which constitute a continuing connected transaction, and the other continuing
  connected transactions exempted from the reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval
  requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, none of these related party transactions constituted a connected
  transaction as defined under the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.


  CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

  Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

  Lease of Shanghai manufacturing base from Morimatsu Chemical Equipment

  Morimatsu Chemical Equipment is a subsidiary of Morimatsu Seiki, which in turn is a subsidiary of the Controlling
  Shareholder, Morimatsu Holdings. Accordingly, Morimatsu Chemical Equipment is a connected person of the Company
  pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and the transactions with Morimatsu Chemical Equipment constitute
  continuing connected transactions of the Company.




52   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




The Group leased the Shanghai manufacturing base, situated at No. 29 Jinwen Road, Zhuqiao Town, Pudong New District,
Shanghai, the PRC from Morimatsu Chemical Equipment for production and operation. The Company (for itself and on
behalf of its subsidiaries) and Morimatsu Chemical Equipment entered into a property leasing framework agreement (the
“Property Leasing Framework Agreement”) on 17 February 2021.

Pursuant to the Property Leasing Framework Agreement, relevant subsidiaries of the Group shall enter into individual
property lease agreement(s) with Morimatsu Chemical Equipment, which prescribe specific terms and conditions, including
rental amount, payment method and other relevant terms which shall reflect and be subject to the binding principles,
guidelines, and terms and conditions in the Property Leasing Framework Agreement.

The Property Leasing Framework Agreement has a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date (the “Target
Term”), including a fixed term of twelve (12) months immediately after the Listing Date (the “First Year”). If we intend
to continue the leasing arrangements for the subsequent period of the Target Term after the First Year (the “Subsequent
Period”), we will re-negotiate the rents with Morimatsu Chemical Equipment within thirty (30) days before the end of
the First Year, and enter into new individual property lease agreement(s), which shall be in conformity with the terms and
conditions contemplated under the Property Leasing Framework Agreement and the annual caps thereunder. Upon expiry
of the Target Term, the Property Leasing Framework Agreement may, subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules, be
renewed for further period of three years by mutual agreement.

The annual cap of such continuing connected transactions for 2022 was RMB57,000,000. Due to the COVID-19 epidemic,
the relevant subsidiaries of the Group have obtained rent reductions of approximately RMB8,556,000 for office buildings
and production workshops, and the actual rent (tax inclusive) for 2022 was approximately RMB48,485,000. Set forth below
is the actual transaction amounts during the Reporting Period:

                         Lease
                         commencement              Lease             Leased area Monthly rent       Annual rent
 Lessee                  date                      term                   (sq.m.) (tax inclusive) (tax inclusive)


 Morimatsu China         1 January 2022            1 year                   828.32           113,761          1,160,367
 Morimatsu Heavy
  Industry               1 January 2022            1 year                31,686.14         2,610,726        26,629,408
  Office buildings                                                        6,332.30
  Production
     workshops                                                           25,353.84
 Morimatsu
  Pharmaceutical         1 January 2022            1 year                24,435.52         2,028,901        20,694,792
  Office buildings                                                        5,110.15
  Production
     workshops                                                           19,325.37


 Subtotal                                                                56,949.98         4,753,388        48,484,567


Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, the Company had no connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions which are required to be disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   53
  Directors’ Report




  The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed that the
  transactions have been entered into:

  (1)       in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

  (2)       on normal commercial terms or better; and

  (3)       in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable and
            in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

  The auditors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and have issued a letter to the
  Company confirming that, with respect to the above continuing connected transactions:

  (1)       nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions have not been
            approved by the Board;

  (2)       nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not entered
            into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

  (3)       nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions have exceeded
            the annual caps.


  RISK MANAGEMENT

  The Group recognises that risk management is one of the important elements for maintaining an efficient, safe and
  stable business operation. The Group’s management is responsible for assisting the Board in evaluating the Group’s daily
  operations and activities, which are exposed to material risks (including operational risks, financial risks, regulatory risks,
  etc.) within and outside the organization. The Group has also established appropriate risk management and internal control
  systems and institutions in daily operation and management activities.

  Market risk

  The Group’s market risk mainly arises from the cyclical development of downstream market and industries, such as
  conventional energy products and chemical products. However, the Group is committed to the diversification of market
  development and customer base. The extensive downstream markets and large customer base enable the Group to make
  full use of the investment cycle of different industries and customers, embed the existing production capacity into the
  investment cycle of different fields, and maintain the stable and healthy growth of business.

  Interest rate risk

  The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from short-term and long-term borrowings with fixed interest rates. Changes
  in interest rates will affect the Group’s finance costs.




54      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




Foreign exchange risk

The Group’s revenue is mainly denominated in Renminbi, USD and Euro, and most of the raw materials and capital
expenditure are denominated in Renminbi. The Group’s foreign exchange risk mainly arises from the foreign currency
deposits held and trade receivables denominated in foreign currencies, which would have an impact on the Group’s
operating profit if foreign exchange rates fluctuate. The Group monitors and reduces the net amount of foreign exchange
and establishes a series of forward foreign exchange contracts to control foreign exchange risk, and also promotes the
signing of overseas RMB settlement sales orders with customers to reduce foreign exchange risk exposure.

Credit risk

The Group has established credit control policies for all major operations. In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group
monitors and controls the credit risk of customers, performs periodic credit checks on customers, and demands for payment
for overdue trade receivables.

The Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision
for expected credit losses is made.

Trade risks in sanctioned countries/regions

Some of the Group’s products were mainly sold and/or delivered on FOB or shipper basis to certain countries/regions
subject to International Sanctions, namely, the Hellenic Republic, the Republic of Turkey, Egypt, Iraq and Russia. During
the Reporting Period, revenue from products sold and/or delivered to countries/regions subject to International Sanctions
amounted to approximately RMB428.5 million (2021: approximately RMB33.2 million), representing approximately 6.61%
of the Group’s total revenue (2021: approximately 0.77%).

The Group did not use the net proceeds from the Global Offering, as well as any other funds raised through the Stock
Exchange and would not enter into any transaction, whether directly or indirectly, to finance or facilitate any activities or
business with, or for the benefit of, any sanctioned countries/regions or any other governments, individuals or entities
sanctioned by the United States of America (“USA”), the European Union (“EU”), Australia or the United Nations or any
activities or business that violate the sanctions imposed by the United States, the European Union, Australia or the United
Nations. The Group had not been notified of any International Sanctions that would be imposed on the Group for sales
and/or deliveries to the countries/regions subject to International Sanctions for the year ended 31 December 2022, and
the Group is not aware of any International Sanctions that would arise if the Group were to sell and/or deliver products
to countries/regions subject to International Sanctions. Although the Directors do not expect any material increase in the
sales or delivery of the Group’s products to these countries/regions, the Group expects to continue to sell and/or deliver its
products to those countries/regions subject to International Sanctions.

To monitor its sanctions risks, (i) our Board has established a sanctions oversight committee to manage our exposure to
sanctions risks and oversee the implementation of our internal control policies; (ii) the Group has opened and maintained
separate bank account which is designated for proceeds from the Global Offering, as well as any other funds raised
through the Stock Exchange to ensure that we will not breach our undertakings to the Stock Exchange as disclosed in
the Prospectus; and (iii) the Group has engaged external legal advisers with relevant expertise and experience in sanctions
matters to evaluate the sanctions risk where necessary and has formulated risk management measures and action plans
taking into account the advice and recommendations provided by such external legal advisers. On this basis, our Directors
are of the view that the Group has an adequate and effective internal control framework to continue to support the
Group in identifying and monitoring any material risk relating to International Sanctions laws to protect the interests of the
Company and our Shareholders.



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   55
  Directors’ Report




  DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
  UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
  CORPORATIONS

  As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the directors, supervisors, chief executives of the Company
  or their associates in the Shares, the underlying Shares or bonds of the Company or its associated corporations (within
  the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange in accordance with
  Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed or to have
  under such provisions of the SFO), or the interests or short positions to be entered in the register required to be kept under
  Section 352 of the SFO, or to be notified separately to the Company and the Stock Exchange in accordance with the Model
  Code contained in the Listing Rules were as follows:

  (1)    Long position in shares of the Company

                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                         percentage (%) of
                                                                                                  Number of Shares/    issued share capital
                                                              Capacity/Nature of                  underlying Shares      as at 31 December
             Name of directors                                interests                                        held                   20222


             Matsuhisa Terumoto                               Beneficial owner1                           16,810,000                    1.57%
             Nishimatsu Koei                                  Beneficial owner1                            1,763,000                    0.16%
                                                              Beneficial owner                               499,000                    0.05%
             Kawashima Hirotaka                               Beneficial owner1                              792,000                    0.07%
             Hirazawa Jungo                                   Beneficial owner1                              680,000                    0.06%
             Tang Weihua                                      Beneficial owner1                                  260                    0.00%
                                                              Beneficial owner                               850,859                    0.08%
             Sheng Ye                                         Beneficial owner                               843,856                    0.08%


         Notes:

         1         Interest in the share options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

         2         The calculation is based on the total number of 1,073,795,900 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2022.


  (2)    Long position in shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                        Name of associated             Capacity/Nature                                        Approximate
             Name of directors          corporation                    of interests                        Total equity     percentage (%)


             Tang Weihua                Morimatsu Biotechnology        Interest in a controlled                4,375,000               8.75%1
                                                                          corporation
             Tang Weihua                Mori-Biounion Technology       Interest in a controlled                4,375,000               8.75%2
                                                                          corporation


         Notes:

         1         Jinwen Consultation’s holds 8.75% equity interest in Morimatsu Biotechnology. Tang Weihua, as a limited partner, holds 33.62%
                   of the shares in Jinwen Consultation. Jinliang Technology is the general partner of Jinwen Consultation, and Tang Weihua, as a
                   limited partner, holds 29% of equity interest in Jinliang Technology. Therefore, Tang Weihua is deemed to be interested in the
                   shares held by Jinwen Consultation in Morimatsu Biotechnology.




56   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




          2        Mori-Biounion Technology is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of Morimatsu Biotechnology, which is held as to 59.32% by
                   Morimatsu Biotechnology. Therefore, Tang Weihua is deemed to be interested in Mori-Biounion Technology.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors, supervisors, senior management of the Company
and their associates had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or
debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required
to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be
recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or otherwise required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code contained in the Listing Rules.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSON’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2022, to the best knowledge of the Directors and chief executives of the Company, the interests and
short positions of substantial Shareholders and other persons (excluding the Directors, supervisors and chief executives of
the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under
Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage (%) of
                                                                                                       Number of         issued shares as at
    Name of major shareholders                             Capacity                                 Shareholdings        31 December 20222


    Morimatsu Holdings                                     Beneficial owner                           750,000,000 (L)1                  69.85%
    Morimatsu Group3                                       Interest in a controlled corporation       750,000,000 (L)                   69.85%
    Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto4                                Interest in a controlled corporation       750,000,000 (L)                   69.85%
                                                           Beneficial owner                            16,810,000 (L)                    1.57%


Notes:

1         The letter (“L”) denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

2         The percentage is calculated based on the total number of 1,073,795,900 issued Shares of the Company as at 31 December 2022.

3         Morimatsu Holdings is wholly owned by Morimatsu Group. Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto holds 100% of the voting shares of Morimatsu Group,
          and is therefore deemed to be interested in the shares held by Morimatsu Holdings.

4         Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is also interested in the options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme to subscribe for 16,810,000
          Shares.


Save as disclosed above, to the knowledge of the Directors and chief executives, as at 31 December 2022, there is no other
person (excluding Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company or their respective associates) has interests or
short positions as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO in the
Shares and underlying Shares.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022          57
  Directors’ Report




  PRE-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

  The following is a summary of all the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

  (1)    Purpose

         The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive or reward to Eligible Persons (as defined in
         paragraph 2) below) for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to promote the interests of, the Company and
         for such other purposes as the Board may approve from time to time.

  (2)    Grantees

         Directors and employees (whether full-time or part-time) of any member of the Group.

  (3)    Maximum number of Shares to be allotted

         The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option
         Scheme is 132,380,000 Shares, representing approximately 11.47% of the issued Shares as of the date of this
         annual report.

  (4)    Subscription price

         The subscription price per Share under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is HKD0.0001.

  (5)    Exercise period

         The options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the relevant offer letters shall vest as follows:

         1)      a grantee is entitled to exercise 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after the first
                 anniversary of the Listing Date;

         2)      a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
                 the second anniversary of the Listing Date;

         3)      a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
                 the third anniversary of the Listing Date;

         4)      a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
                 the fourth anniversary of the Listing Date;

         5)      a grantee is entitled to exercise the remaining 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
                 the fifth anniversary of the Listing Date.



  (6)    Term

         The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the Listing Date.




58   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




(7)      Right to cancel options

         The Board may cancel an option granted but not exercised under the consent of the grantee of such option.

Exercise of share options

The Company adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on 1 July 2020. Details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are set
out in Appendix V to the Prospectus and note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. As at 31 December 2022, all
share options had been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, and no share options had been cancelled. During
the Reporting Period, details of the changes in the share options granted and the share options outstanding under the
Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                       Number         Number                                         Number
                                                     of Shares       of Shares                  Number of          of Shares
                                                   outstanding       exercised                Shares lapsed      outstanding
                                     Number of            as at     during the                   during the             as at
                                     underlying      1 January      Reporting        Exercise    Reporting      31 December
 Grantees                               Shares            2022          Period          price        Period             2022
                                                                                        (HKD)


 Directors
 Matsuhisa Terumoto                   16,810,000     16,810,000             —              —              —        16,810,000
 Nishimatsu Koei                      11,315,000     11,315,000        500,000         0.0001             —        10,815,000
 Kawashima Hirotaka                    3,960,000      3,960,000             —              —              —         3,960,000
 Hirazawa Jungo                        3,400,000      3,400,000             —              —              —         3,400,000
 Tang Weihua                           7,920,000      7,920,000      1,583,740         0.0001             —         6,336,260
 Sheng Ye                              7,920,000      7,920,000      1,584,000         0.0001             —         6,336,000


 Subtotal                             51,325,000     51,325,000      3,667,740             —              —        47,657,260
 Associates of Directors of the
   Company or its subsidiaries
 Matsuhisa Hideo                       4,200,000      4,200,000             —              —              —         4,200,000


 Other 20 employees                   76,855,000     76,855,000     11,744,948         0.0001       2,830,000      62,280,052


 Total                               132,380,000    132,380,000     15,412,688             —        2,830,000     114,137,312


During the Reporting Period, the number of Shares issued by the Company under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was
26,476,000 Shares, representing approximately 2.47% of the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 December
2022. For share options exercised during the Reporting Period, the weighted average closing price on the date immediately
prior to the exercise was HK$8.25.

No further options has been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme since the Listing Date.

As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately eight (8) years.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       59
  Directors’ Report




  POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

  The following is a summary of all the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. The specific details set out in
  the Appendix V to the Prospectus.

  (1)    Purpose

         The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive or reward to Eligible Persons (as defined
         in paragraph (2) below) for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to promote the interests of, the Company
         and for such other purposes as the Board may approve from time to time.

  (2)    Eligibility of Participants

         The Board may, at its absolute discretion, offer eligible persons (being any Directors or employees (whether full time
         or part time), consultants or advisors of the Group who in the sole discretion of the Board has contributed to and/
         or will contribute to the Group) (the “Eligible Persons”) to subscribe for such number of Shares in accordance
         with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

  (3)    Maximum number of Shares

         1)      The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
                 granted and yet to be exercised under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option
                 schemes of the Company, must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from
                 time to time. No options may be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share
                 option schemes of the Company if this will result in such limit being exceeded.

         2)      Subject to paragraphs (3) (i), (iv) and (v), at the time of adoption by the Company of the Post-IPO Share
                 Option Scheme or any new share option scheme (the “New Scheme”), the aggregate number of Shares
                 which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, the
                 New Scheme and all schemes existing at such time (the “Existing Schemes”) of the Company must not
                 in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of the Shares in issue as at the Listing Date (the “Scheme
                 Mandate Limit”). As of the date of this annual report, the total number of shares available for issue under
                 the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is 100,000,000 Shares, representing 8.67% of the issued Shares as of the
                 date of this annual report.

         3)      For the purposes of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit under paragraph (3)(ii), Shares which are the
                 subject matter of any options that have already lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant Existing
                 Scheme(s) shall not be counted.

         4)      The Scheme Mandate Limit may be refreshed by ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting,
                 provided that:

                 A.       the Scheme Mandate Limit so refreshed shall not exceed 10% of the total number of issued Shares
                          as at the date of Shareholders’ approval of the refreshment of the Scheme Mandate Limit;

                 B.       options previously granted under any Existing Schemes (including options outstanding, cancelled, or
                          lapsed in accordance with the relevant scheme rules or exercised options) shall not be counted for the
                          purpose of calculating the refreshed limit; and



60   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                      Directors’ Report




             C.      a circular regarding the proposed refreshment of the Scheme Mandate Limit has been dispatched to
                     the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant
                     provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

      5)     The Company may seek separate approval from the Shareholders in the general meeting for granting options
             which will result in the Scheme Mandate Limit being exceeded, provided that:

             A.      the options were granted to Eligible Persons specifically identified by the Company before such
                     approval is sought in accordance to the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme; and

             B.      a circular in relation to such grant has been dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying
                     with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
                     Rules and other applicable laws and regulations in accordance to the terms of the Post-IPO Share
                     Option Scheme.

(4)   Maximum number of share options to any one individual

      No option shall be granted to any Eligible Persons (the “Relevant Eligible Person”) if, at the relevant time of
      grant, the number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all share options (granted and proposed to
      be granted, whether exercised, cancelled or outstanding) to the Relevant Eligible Person in the 12-month period
      expiring on the date on which an offer of the grant of an option under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is made
      to the Relevant Eligible Person would exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue at such time, unless:

      1)     such grant has been duly approved, in the manner specified by the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the
             Listing Rules, by resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting, at which the Relevant Eligible Person and
             its associates shall abstain from voting;

      2)     a circular regarding the grant has been dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and
             containing the information specified in, the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules; and

      3)     the number and terms (including the subscription price) of such share options are determined before the
             general meeting of the Company at which the same are approved.

(5)   Price of Shares

      The subscription price for a Share in respect of any particular share option granted under the Post-IPO Share Option
      Scheme (which shall be payable upon exercise of the share option) shall be a price determined by the Board at
      its sole discretion and notified to all Eligible Persons and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the
      Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of offer to grant option, which must be
      a business day; (ii) the average closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet
      for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer to grant option (the “Offer Date”) (provided
      that the new issue price shall be used as the closing price of the Shares for any business day before the listing of
      the Company in case of the offer date is less than five business days upon the listing of the Company); and (iii) the
      nominal value of the Share. A consideration of HKD1.00 is payable on acceptance of the offer of share option.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022    61
  Directors’ Report




  (6)    Granting options to related persons

         Any grant of options to Directors, the chief executive officer or Substantial Shareholders of the Company or any of
         their respective associates is required to be approved by the independent non-executive Directors (excluding any
         independent non-executive Director who is a proposed grantee of the share options). If the Company proposes
         to grant share options to a Substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director of the Company or
         their respective associates which will result in the number and value of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise
         of options granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such person in
         the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant: (i) representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the
         Shares in issue at the time of such grant; and (ii) having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the
         Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of each grant, in excess
         of HKD5,000,000, such grant shall not be valid unless: (A) a circular containing the details of the grant has been
         dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant
         provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules (including in particular, a recommendation from the independent
         non-executive Directors (excluding the independent non-executive Director who is the prospective grantee) to the
         independent Shareholders as to voting); and (B) such grant has been approved by the Shareholders in general
         meeting (taken on a poll) at which all connected persons shall abstain from voting.

  (7)    Restrictions on the time of grant of options

         A grant of options may not be made after a price sensitive event has occurred or a price sensitive matter has been
         the subject of a decision until such price sensitive information has been announced pursuant to the requirements
         of the Listing Rules. In particular, no options may be offered to be granted during the period commencing one
         month immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the date of the Board meeting (as such date is first notified by the
         Company to the Stock Exchange in accordance with the Listing Rules) for the approval of the Company’s results for
         any year, half-year, quarterly or any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules); and (ii)
         the deadline for the Company to publish an announcement of its results for any year or half year under the Listing
         Rules, or quarterly or any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules) and ending on the
         date of actual publication of the results announcement. The period which no option may be granted will cover any
         period of delay in the publication of results announcement.

  (8)    Time of exercise of option

         Subject to the provisions of the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations, the Board may in its absolute
         discretion when offering the grant of an option impose any conditions, restrictions or limitations in relation thereto
         in addition to those set forth in the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme as the Board may think fit (to be stated in the
         offer letter) including (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) qualifying and/or continuing eligibility
         criteria, conditions, restrictions or limitations relating to the achievement of performance, operating or financial
         targets by the Company and/or the grantee, the satisfactory performance or maintenance by the grantee of certain
         conditions or obligations or the time or period before the right to exercise the option in respect of all or any of the
         Shares shall vest provided that such terms or conditions shall not be inconsistent with any other terms or conditions
         of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to such terms and conditions as the Board
         may determine as aforesaid (including such terms and conditions in relation to their vesting, exercise or otherwise)
         there is no minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised and no performance target
         which need to be achieved by the grantee before the option can be exercised.




62   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




       The date of grant of any particular option shall be the date on which the offer of such option is duly accepted by
       the grantee in accordance with the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. An option may be exercised in whole or in part
       in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the terms of the offer by the grantee (or his
       personal representative(s)) giving notice in writing to the Company stating that the option is to be exercised and the
       number of Shares in respect of which it is exercised provided that it is exercised in respect of a board lot for dealing
       in Shares on the Stock Exchange or an integral multiple thereof. Such notice shall be accompanied by a remittance
       for the full amount of the subscription price for the Shares in respect of which the notice is given. The period during
       which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, save that no option may
       be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted. No option may be granted more than 10 years after the
       date of approval of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. Subject to earlier termination by the Company in general
       meeting, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from the date of
       adoption of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme by Shareholders by resolution at a general meeting.

(9)    Performance target

       The Board may from time to time require a particular grantee to achieve certain performance targets specified at
       the time of grant before any option granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme can be exercised. There are
       no specific performance targets stipulated under the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Board
       is currently unable to determine such restriction on the exercise of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share
       Option Scheme.

No option has been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the period, nor
any options were outstanding under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme from the Listing Date to 31 December 2022.

The number of options available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme mandate as of the beginning and end
of the Reporting Period are both 100,000,000.

As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately eight (8) years.


RSU SCHEME

The Company adopted the RSU Scheme on 15 December 2021 and granted RSUs under the RSU Scheme on 5 January
2022. The following is a summary of the principal terms of the RSU Scheme. The specific details are set out in the
Company’s announcements dated 15 December 2021 and 5 January 2022.

(1)    Purposes

       The RSU Scheme aims to attract and retain the best available talents, motivate Employees, and promote the success
       of the Company’s business.

(2)    Participants

       Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the RSU Scheme are existing Employees of the Company or any member of
       the Group. An Employee who has been granted an Award may, if otherwise eligible, be granted additional Awards.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      63
  Directors’ Report




  (3)    Administration of the Scheme

         The Company has appointed Futu Trustee Limited (“Futu Trustee”) as the trustee of the RSU Scheme to assist in
         the administration and vesting of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme.

  (4)    Duration and termination

         Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Scheme shall
         be valid and effective for a period of five (5) years commencing from the Adoption Date. Upon termination of the
         RSU Scheme, no further RSUs shall be granted under the RSU Scheme.

  (5)    Scheme Limit

         The Shares to be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme shall be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired ordinary
         Shares. The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme is
         30,000,000, representing approximately 2.60% of the issued Shares as of the date of this annual report. In any
         event, (1) the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme shall not
         exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company (as changed from time to time); and (2) the maximum
         number of Shares which may be awarded to an individual Employee under the RSU Scheme shall not exceed 1% of
         the issued share capital of the Company (as changed from time to time).

  (6)    Grant of the RSUs

         During the Reporting Period, a total of 29,459,700 RSUs (equivalent to 29,459,700 Underlying Shares) have been
         granted to 149 Grantees at nil consideration under the RSU Scheme, representing approximately 2.74% of the
         issued share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2022. The number of RSUs available for grant under
         the RSU Scheme mandate as of the beginning and end of the Reporting Period are 30,000,000 and 540,300,
         respectively.

  (7)    Purchase price

         The purchase price for exercising a RSU is HK$4.17.

  (8)    Vesting schedule

         The vesting schedule of the 29,459,700 RSUs granted to the Grantees shall be as follows:

         1)      in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2023;

         2)      in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2024;

         3)      in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2025.




64   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                      Directors’ Report




(9)    Performance targets

       The vesting of each tranche of the RSUs as described above is subject to achievement of certain performance
       targets:

       1)        Group level performance:

                 The Company will assess the revenue and profit of the Group for the relevant year.

       2)        Individual level performance:

                 The Group has in place a standardised performance appraisal system for its employees to comprehensively
                 evaluate their performance and contribution to the Group. The Company will determine whether the
                 Grantees meet the individual performance target based on their performance appraisal results for the
                 relevant year. In case of partial achievement and satisfaction of the performance targets, the applicable RSUs
                 may be vested in proportion to the performance targets actually achieved for the relevant year.

Change in the RSUs

The Company adopted the RSU Scheme on 15 December 2021 and granted RSUs under the RSU Scheme on 5 January
2022. The specific details of the RSU Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 15 December 2021 and
5 January 2022 and note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. As at 31 December 2022, no
RSUs had been cancelled. During the Reporting Period, details of the changes in the RSUs granted and the RSUs outstanding
under the RSU Scheme are as follows:

                                                         Number                                                        Number
                                                         of RSUs     Number of                      Number of          of RSUs
                                                     outstanding    RSUs vested                    RSUs lapsed     outstanding
                                                            as at    during the                     during the            as at
                                       Number of       1 January      Reporting                      Reporting    31 December
 Grantees                                  RSUs             2022         Period Exercise price          Period            2022
                                                                                         (HKD)


 149 employees                          29,459,700     29,459,700             —            4.17       1,239,300      28,220,400


The closing price in relation to the RSUs before the date of grant was HK$8.51. During the Reporting Period, the number
of Shares issued by the Company under the RSU Scheme was 9,819,900 Shares, representing approximately 0.91% of the
issued share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2022.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period
divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue is approximately 2.80%.

As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the RSU Scheme is approximately four (4) years.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022       65
  Directors’ Report




  MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers accounted for approximately 28.5% of the
  Group’s total revenue and sales to the Group’s largest customer accounted for approximately 11.3% of the Group’s total
  revenue.

  During the Reporting Period, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for approximately 10.8% of the Group’s
  total purchases and the largest supplier of the Group accounted for approximately 3.0% of the Group’s total purchases.

  None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the knowledge of the Directors, own
  more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in the Group’s five largest customers and
  suppliers during the Reporting Period.


  MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

  The Company has not entered into any contract with any individual, firm or body corporate to manage or administer the
  whole or any substantial part of any business of the Group during the Reporting Period.


  RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

  The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
  comprehensive income of this annual report. The Board does not recommend the payment of any final dividend for the
  Reporting Period.


  SHARE CAPITAL

  Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in note 28 to the
  consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


  RESERVE

  Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in the
  consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 28 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

  Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders as at 31 December 2022 are set out in note
  28 “Reserves” to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.


  DONATION

  During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations amounting to approximately RMB1,091,000.


  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

  Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note
  10 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




66   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING

The initial public offering of the Company’s shares was conducted on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 June
2021 with net proceeds of approximately HKD686,690,000 (after deduction of underwriting commission and related
expenses) raised (the “Net Proceeds”).

The Company has used and will continue to use the Net Proceeds for allocation and purposes consistent with those set out
in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” of the Company’s prospectus. During the Reporting Period, the
Group has utilised the Net Proceeds as the table below:

                                                                  Percentage of                                                       Expected
                                                                   total amount    Unutilised Net     Utilised Net   Unutilised Net   timeline for
                                     Allocation      Allocation       of the Net   Proceeds as at Proceeds during    Proceeds as at   the usage of
                                  of actual Net   of actual Net        Proceeds     31 December the Reporting         31 December     the remaining
 Purposes                       Proceeds raised Proceeds raised        allocated             2021           Period             2022   Net Proceeds Illustration
                                       HKD’000        RMB’000                 %         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


 Improve production                    412,014          342,957           60.0%          211,855           211,855               —                    Note 1
     capacity and modular
     manufacturing capability
 Improve and expand service             90,679           75,481           13.2%            75,481           39,211           36,270   By the end of
     and digital service                                                                                                                  2023
     capabilities
 Continue to implement                  82,436           68,619           12.0%            54,671           11,490           43,181   By the end of   Note 2
     internationalization                                                                                                                 2024
     strategy
 Investment in underlying               32,974           27,448            4.8%            24,505           24,505               —
     research and
     development from 2021
     to 2023
 General working capital                68,587           57,091           10.0%             2,420            2,420               —


 Subtotal                              686,690          571,596                          368,932           289,481           79,451

Note 1: In 2022, Morimatsu LifeSciences signed a land transfer contract with the Natural Resources and Planning Bureau of Changshu City (常
        熟市自然資源和規劃局), and completed the phase-I land subscription of approximately 130,000 square meters, obtained the project
            planning and construction permit for a “new research and development and manufacturing center for high-end intelligent manufacturing
            equipment system for biopharmaceuticals and electronic chemicals, etc.”, and made the construction prepayments to the third-party
            construction unit. The project had commenced construction during the Reporting Period and is expected to be delivered and put into
            operation in the fourth quarter of 2023, which, upon completion, will become another modern manufacturing base of the Group.

Note 2: In 2022, the Group continued to recruit certain technical experts and engineers in different fields in Japan to promote the construction of
        the engineering center in Japan. The Japanese expert team has become a strong backup force for the Group’s sales and technical support.
        The subsidiary of the Company in Italy had officially commenced operation during the Reporting Period and become a bridge for the Group
        to communicate with European customers, which will help the Group continue to expand its business overseas.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not purchase, sell or redeem any of the Company’s listed securities.



                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022          67
  Directors’ Report




  EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

  Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”, “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” and “RSU
  Scheme” above, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company, or existed during the Reporting Period.


  AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

  The AGM of the Company will be held on Wednesday, 28 June 2023. A notice convening the AGM is expected to be
  published and dispatched to the Shareholders in due course in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

  For determining the entitlement of the Shareholders to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of the
  Company will be closed from Friday, 23 June 2023 to Wednesday, 28 June 2023, both days inclusive, during which period
  no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, unregistered holders of Shares
  shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
  branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
  Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 21 June 2023.


  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

  A report on the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the section headed
  “Corporate Governance Report” of this annual report.


  ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

  Information on the Company’s environmental policies and performance is set out in the section headed “Environmental,
  Social and Governance Report” of this annual report.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the applicable environmental laws and regulations in the places
  where it operates in all material respects. The Group will review its environmental practices from time to time and will
  consider implementing further environmental-friendly initiatives and practices in the operation of the Group’s business to
  enhance sustainability.


  COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

  During the Reporting Period, the Company had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
  impact on the Company in all material respects.


  SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

  Based on the publicly available information and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained a public
  float of not less than 25% of the issued Shares since the listing date and up to the date of this annual report.




68   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s listed securities.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Details of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 22 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


MATERIAL LITIGATIONS AND ARBITRATION MATTERS

During the Reporting Period the Group had no material litigation and arbitration matters.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the relevant laws of Hong Kong where
the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing
Shareholders.


AUDITOR

The Company had appointed KPMG as the auditor of the Company for the Reporting Period. A resolution for the
re-appointment of KPMG as the auditor of the Company will be proposed for Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming
AGM.

On behalf of the Board




Nishimatsu Koei
Chief executive officer and executive Director

Hong Kong, 22 March 2023




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022      69
  Corporate Governance Report


  The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report of the Company for the Reporting Period.

  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

  The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that good corporate
  governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of Shareholders,
  enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and accountability.

  The Company has adopted the governance principles and code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the
  Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

  The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code during
  the Reporting Period. The Board will review the corporate governance structure and practices from time to time and shall
  make necessary arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.


  MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

  The Board has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as
  set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors. Having made
  specific enquiry to all Directors, they have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the
  Model Code during the Reporting Period.

  The Company has also established a code of conduct for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in
  possession of inside information of the Company (the “Employees Code”) on terms no less exacting than the Model
  Code. During the Reporting Period, no incident of non-compliance of the Employees Code by employees was noted by the
  Company.


  THE BOARD

  The Board of the Company currently comprises the following Directors:

  Executive Directors

  Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (Chief Executive Officer)
  Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (Chief Financial Officer)
  Mr. Tang Weihua
  Mr. Sheng Ye
  Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka

  Non-Executive Directors

  Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)

  Independent Non-executive Directors

  Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
  Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
  Mr. Yu Jianguo



70   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
annual report.

The Directors have no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with each other.


BOARD MEETINGS AND DIRECTORS’ ATTENDANCE RECORDS

Board meetings will be held regularly at least four times a year. Board members shall be provided with all agenda and
adequate information for review within a reasonable time prior to the meeting.

Minutes of the Board and Board Committees are kept by Joint Company Secretaries and are available for inspection by
the Directors at all times. Directors who are considered having conflict of interests or material interests in the proposed
transactions or issues to be discussed would not be counted in the quorum of meeting and would abstain from voting on
the relevant resolutions.

Minutes of Board meetings and meetings of Board committees have contained sufficient records in details of the matters
considered and decisions made at the meetings, including any concerns raised by Directors or opposing views expressed.
Upon the conclusion of the Board meeting, the draft and final version of the meeting minutes shall be sent to all Directors
within a reasonable period of time, with the draft for the Directors’ comments and the final version for their records.

During the Reporting Period, the Board held four regular meetings in total, with active participation of all Directors either
in person or through electronic means of communication. Code provision C.2.7 of the CG Code stipulates that the
chairman should hold meetings with the independent non-executive directors at least once a year without the presence of
other directors. The Company has made arrangements to comply with this code provision and held a meeting during the
Reporting Period. On 16 June 2022, the Company held the AGM. The attendance record of the Directors is as follows:

                                                                         Attendance
                                                       Meetings        Meetings Of         Meetings Of
                                       Board            of Audit     Remuneration          Nomination
 Name of Director                    Meetings         Committee         Committee           Committee                 AGM


 Mr. Nishimatsu Koei                        4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                 1/1
 Mr. Hirazawa Jungo                         4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                 1/1
 Mr. Tang Weihua                            4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                 1/1
 Mr. Sheng Ye                               4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                 1/1
 Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka                     4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                 1/1
 Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                     4/4                5/5                1/1                1/1                 1/1
 Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                    4/4                5/5                1/1                N/A                 1/1
 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                       4/4                5/5                N/A                1/1                 1/1
 Mr. Yu Jianguo                             4/4                N/A                1/1                1/1                 1/1

During the Reporting Period, apart from the Board meetings, consents and/or approvals from the Board were obtained by
the Company by way of written resolutions on a number of matters/transactions.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022     71
  Corporate Governance Report




  RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITY AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND THE
  MANAGEMENT

  The Board is responsible for overseeing the management of the business and affairs of the Group, defining the Group’s
  purpose, values and strategies and ensuring alignment with the Group’s culture. The Directors are responsible for making
  decisions objectively in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. All Directors act with integrity, make himself/herself as
  an example, and strive to promote the corporate culture of the Group.

  The Board is responsible for making decisions on all major aspects of the Group’s affairs, including the approval and
  monitoring of major policy matters, overall strategies, business plans and annual budgets, internal control and risk
  management systems, material transactions, major capital expenditure, appointment of Directors and other significant
  financial and operational matters.

  All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, practice the concept of acting
  in accordance with the law, ethics and responsibility, and have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
  knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective operation.

  The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for overseeing the Group’s corporate actions and operations and
  exercising effective independent judgment on corporate actions and operations for maintaining a balance within the Board.

  All Directors will have full and timely access to all information of the Company and, where appropriate, require to seek
  independent professional advice to discharge their duties to the Company at the Company’s expense.

  The Board may delegate its management and administrative functions to the management. In particular, the day-to-day
  management of the Group had been delegated to the executive Directors and the management team of the Group during
  the Reporting Period.


  DIRECTORS’ CONTINUOUS DEVELOPMENT

  All the Directors are aware of their responsibilities to the Shareholders and are diligent in discharging their duties for the
  development of the Group. Each newly appointed Director, if any, is given a formal and comprehensive induction upon
  initial appointment to ensure that he or she has a proper understanding of the business and operations of the Group and is
  fully aware of his or her duties and responsibilities as a Director in accordance with applicable statutory and regulatory laws
  and regulations.

  All Directors are provided with regular updates on the performance and financial position of the Company to facilitate
  the discharge of their duties by the Board as a whole and by each Director. In addition, each Director is also provided
  with briefings and updates on the latest developments of the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements
  to ensure compliance with related requirements and to raise their awareness of good corporate governance practices.
  According to the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in appropriate continuing
  professional development to develop and update their knowledge and skills to ensure that they remain fully informed and
  their contribution to the Board remains relevant. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses. During
  the Reporting Period, directors had participated in continuing professional development and have provided training records
  to the Company.




72   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

The roles of the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer are separate and performed by different individuals.
Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is the chairman of the Board and Mr. Nishimatsu Koei is the chief executive officer. The chairman
of the Board is responsible for overseeing the overall strategic planning of the Group while the Chief Executive Officer is
responsible for overseeing the general management and daily operations of the Group.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment
of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing
appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect
of his or her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company considers all of the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


BOARD INDEPENDENCE POLICY

The Board has adopted a board independence policy (the “Policy”), which is intended to set out the principles for
maintaining the independence of the Board.

The Structure, Size and Composition of the Board

The Board consists of executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors. In order to
ensure that the Board can obtain independent opinions, the number of independent non-executive Directors in the Board
shall not be less than one-third of the total number of Directors and shall not be less than three.

There are three standing director committees under the Board, namely the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration
Committee and the Audit Committee. In order to ensure that the Board can obtain independent opinions, the three
standing committees under the Board are all composed of non-executive Directors and independent non-executive
Directors, and most of the members are independent non-executive Directors.

Independence Criteria for Assessing Independent Non-Executive Directors

(1)    The general principle for assessing the independence of an independent non-executive Director is: the Director shall
       not have any material or substantial interest relationship with the Group, the management of the Group or the
       Controlling Shareholder of the Group. The independence of a Director may be more likely to be doubted if there is
       any of the following circumstances in relation to the Director.

       1)     Equity relationship:

              The Director holds more than 1% of the issued Shares of the Company;




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   73
  Corporate Governance Report




               2)      Professional service relationship:

                       A.       The Director is currently, or within the two years prior to the month when its independence was
                                assessed, has been a current or former employee, partner, director or principal of a consulting
                                company that provides professional services (including auditing services) that have a significant
                                impact on operations to the Company or its core related persons;

                       B.       A family member of the Director is currently, or within the two years prior to the month when
                                its independence was assessed, has been a current or former partner, director or principal of a
                                consulting company that provides professional services (including auditing services) that have a
                                significant impact on operations to the Company or its core related persons;

                       C.       A family member of the Director is the employee of the auditors engaged by the Company and is
                                currently personally involved in providing audit services to the Company;

                       D.       During the two financial years preceding the year in which the Director’s independence was assessed,
                                the Director or his/her family member was an employee, partner or director of the auditors providing
                                auditing services to the Company and personally involved in providing audit services to the Company;

               3)      Business relationship:

                       A.       The Director has or, within one year before the date of his proposed appointment as an independent
                                non-executive Director, has had a material interest in any major business activities of the Company
                                and its major subsidiaries (branches); or is involved in or has ever been involved in a major commercial
                                transaction with the Company or its core related persons;

                       B.       The Director serves on the Board for the purpose of protecting an entity whose interests differ from
                                those of the Company’s shareholders as a whole;

               4)      Employment and remuneration relationships:

                       A.       The Director is (or has been within two years preceding the date on which he is proposed to be
                                appointed as a director) an executive officer or director (other than an independent non-executive
                                director) of the Company or its core related persons;

                       B.       The Director is financially dependent on the Company or its core related persons.

               5)      Serving as directorship of each other’s company or other related relationships

                       The Director and other Directors hold mutual directorships in the each other’s company, or has a significant
                       connection with other Directors through participation in other companies or groups. If the Board still
                       considers such Director to be independent under such circumstance, the relevant reasons should be stated
                       in the Corporate Governance Report.

     (2)       When assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors, the Company should also refer to the
               relevant guidelines in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules to make judgments.




74         Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Requirements for Serving as an Independent Non-executive Directors

(1)    An independent non-executive Director should meet the following basic requirements:

       1）     has the qualifications to serve as directors of listed companies according to the Listing Rules and other
              relevant regulations;

       2）     has the independence required by this policy;

       3）     possesses basic knowledge of the operation of listed companies, and is familiar with the Listing Rules,
              relevant laws, administrative regulations, rules and regulations;

       4）     has more than five years of legal, economic or other work experience necessary to perform the duties of an
              independent non-executive director;

       5）     other conditions stipulated by laws and regulations and the Articles of Association.

(2)    Where an independent non-executive Director will be serving as a director of a seventh (or more) listed company,
       the Board will need to explain to the Shareholders why it believes that the person can still devote sufficient time to
       fulfilling his responsibilities as a director.

(3)    If an independent non-executive Director fails to attend the Board meeting in person for three consecutive times,
       the Board shall request the general meeting to dismiss and replace him.

(4)    Before the expiration of the term of an independent non-executive Director, the Company may remove him/her
       through statutory procedures. In case of early removal, the Company shall disclose it as a special disclosure.

(5)    The Company shall not give any equity-based remuneration with a performance-related element to the independent
       non-executive Directors.

Requirements for the Term of Independent Non-Executive Directors

When an independent non-executive Director who has been re-elected for more than nine consecutive years remains
independent and shall be re-elected, the factors considered, the procedures and the discussions of the Board or the
nomination committee shall be additionally disclosed by the Company.

If an independent non-executive director has been in office for more than nine years, his/her re-appointment shall be
reviewed and approved by Shareholders in the form of an independent resolution. The Company shall state in the
document accompanying the resolution issued to Shareholders why the Board (or nomination committee) believes that
the Director is still independent and shall be re-elected, including the factors considered, the process of the Board (or
nomination committee) for making this decision and what was discussed.

If all independent non-executive Directors of the Company are independent non-executive Directors who have be re-elected
for more than nine consecutive years, new independent non-executive Directors shall be appointed by the Company and
the names and the time spent in the office shall be disclosed for each of such independent non-executive Directors who
have be re-elected for more than nine consecutive years in the letter to shareholders.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   75
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Board shall review the independence of Directors annually to ensure that the Directors are not involved in any business
     or other relationships that may affect their independent judgment. The Board shall review the composition of the Board,
     and the background, skills, experience and the understanding, knowledge and insight of the business of each executive and
     non-executive Director on the Board every year according to the requirements of business and strategy, and reviews the
     effectiveness of the relevant composition to ensure that the Board has a high degree of independence. The Board believes
     that the Policy is effective and adequate, and the Board had maintained its independence during the Reporting Period.


     APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

     Each of the Directors is engaged on a director’s service agreement for a specific term of three years and is renewable by
     mutual agreement, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association.

     Pursuant to the Articles of Association, at each AGM, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not
     three or a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) or such higher number of Directors as may
     be determined by the Board, or a number determined by such other manner of rotation as may be required by the Listing
     Rules or other codes, rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the applicable regulatory authority from time to time
     shall retire from office.

     Pursuant to the Articles of Association, subject to the provisions in relation to rotation and retirement of directors under the
     Listing Rules, each Director shall retire by rotation every three years at the AGM.

     The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.


     COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

     The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
     Nomination Committee, for overseeing specific aspects of the Company’s affairs.

     All Board committees of the Company are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference
     of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website and are available to
     Shareholders upon request.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to make recommendations to our Board on the appointment and dismissal
     of the external auditor, monitor and review the financial statements and information and oversee the financial reporting
     system, risk management and internal control systems of the Company.

     The Audit Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly and Mr.
     Kanno Shinichiro, and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly is the
     chairman of the Audit Committee.




76       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




The Audit Committee held five meetings during the Reporting Period to review the 2021 annual results announcement and
report and 2022 interim results announcement and report of the Company, and to review significant issues on the financial
reporting, operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and
internal audit function, appointment of external auditors and relevant scope of works.

The attendance records of the members of the Audit Committee are as follows:

 Name of members of the Audit Committee                                                                  Attendance


 Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                             5/5
 Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                                                                                            5/5
 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                                                                                               5/5

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendation to our Board on the overall remuneration
policy and structure for all Directors and the senior management of the Group, review remuneration and ensure that none
of our Directors determine their own remuneration.

The Remuneration Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Yu Jianguo and Ms. Chan
Yuen Sau Kelly and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Mr. Yu Jianguo is the chairman of the
Remuneration Committee.

The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period to review the Company’s remuneration policy
and structure, the remuneration package of all Directors and senior management, and make recommendations to the
Board.

The attendance records of the members of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:

 Name of members of the Remuneration Committee                                                           Attendance


 Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                             1/1
 Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                                                                                            1/1
 Mr. Yu Jianguo                                                                                                     1/1

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors and Senior Management

The Group’s remuneration policy aims to provide a fair market level of remuneration to attract, retain and motivate
high-quality executive Directors, senior management and employees, while aligning the rewards with Shareholders’
interests at the same time.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022    77
  Corporate Governance Report




  The principles of the remuneration policy are as follows:

  (1)       Remuneration packages and structures shall reflect a fair reward system for all participants with an emphasis on
            performance, comprising the following components:

              Components                                       Determining Factors


              Fixed compensation
              Base salary and allowances                       Market benchmarks relevant to role and job scope
                                                               Company performance
                                                               Individual performance and contribution, measured against
                                                                 annual financial and operational targets (turnover, expense
                                                                 ratio, earnings per share, achievement of key strategic
                                                                 initiatives, etc.)

              Variable compensation
              Performance bonus                                Company performance
                                                               Individual performance and contribution, measured against
                                                                 annual financial and operational targets (turnover, expense
                                                                 ratio, earnings per share, achievement of key strategic
                                                                 initiatives, etc.)
              Share options                                    Company performance

 (2)        Remuneration packages shall be set at levels that ensure comparability and competitiveness with similar companies.
            Independent professional advice is to be sought where appropriate.

 (3)        Remuneration and employment conditions of other employees in the Group shall be taken into account.

 (4)        The remuneration policy for executive Directors and senior management shall be reviewed regularly.

  Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors

  Key elements for determining the remuneration policy for non-executive Directors include the following:

  (1)       Remuneration shall be set at an appropriate level to attract and retain first-class talents for non-executive Directors.

  (2)       Remuneration shall be set at a level proportional to their commitment and contribution to the Company.

  (3)       Remuneration practices for non-executive Directors shall be consistent with recognized best practice standards.

  (4)       Remuneration shall be paid on an annual basis.

  (5)       No equity interest remuneration with any performance-related element shall be given to independent non-executive
            Directors.

  Remuneration Level of Directors and Senior Management

  Details of the remuneration of the Directors for the Reporting Period are set out in note 7 to the financial statements.



78      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, the remuneration of the senior management of the Company, whose biographies are set out
in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report, fell within the following bands:

                                                                          Remuneration band                 Number of
 Senior management                                                                    (RMB)                    people


 Nishimatsu Koei                                                         9,500,000 to 10,000,000                          1
 Hirazawa Jungo                                                           3,000,000 to 3,500,000                          1


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board
and make recommendations to the Board regarding candidates to fill vacancies on the Board and/or in senior management.

The Nomination Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Kanno Shinichiro and Mr. Yu Jianguo
and one non-executive Director, Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is the chairman of the Nomination
Committee.

The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period to review the structure, size and composition of
the Board and the Board diversity policy, and assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors.

The attendance records of the members of the Nomination Committee are as follows:

 Name of members of the Nomination Committee                                                               Attendance


 Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                               1/1
 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                                                                                                 1/1
 Mr. Yu Jianguo                                                                                                       1/1

NOMINATION POLICY

The Board has adopted a nomination policy.

Purpose

(1)    The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make
       recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings or appoint as Directors to fill casual
       vacancies.

(2)    The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than the
       number of Directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual vacancies to be
       filled.

(3)    The Nomination Committee shall ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
       appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022       79
  Corporate Governance Report




  Selection Criteria

  (1)       The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a
            proposed candidate:

            1）      character and integrity;

            2）      qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the
                    Company’s business and corporate strategy;

            3）      accomplishment and experience business from time to time conducted, engaged in or invested in by any
                    member of the Group;

            4）      commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

            5）      requirement for the Board to have independent directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether
                    the candidates would be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in
                    the Listing Rules;

            6）      the Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives adopted by the Nomination Committee for
                    achieving diversity on the Board; and

            7）      such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.

            These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee has
            the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

  (2)       Rigorous review is applied to assessing the continuing independence of Directors having served for over 9
            consecutive years, with attention to ensuring that they remain independent in character and judgment, and
            continue to present an objective and constructive challenge to the assumptions and viewpoints presented by the
            management and the Board.

  (3)       Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form, together
            with their written consent to be appointed as Directors and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any
            documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election as a Director.

  (4)       The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if considered
            necessary.

  Nomination Procedures

  (1)       For filling a casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s consideration
            and approval. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall
            make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation.




80      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




(2)    The Nomination Committee shall, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new director and the
       biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set
       out in paragraph Selection Criteria (1) to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

(3)    If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee shall rank them by order of
       preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where applicable).

(4)    The Nomination Committee shall then recommend to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship. The Board
       shall have the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors.

(5)    For any person that is nominated by a shareholder for election as a director at the general meeting of the Company
       pursuant to its constitutional documents, the Nomination Committee shall evaluate such candidate based on the
       criteria as set out in paragraph Selection Criteria (1) to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship
       and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall make recommendation to shareholders
       in respect of the proposed election of director at the general meeting.

Re-election of Directors at General Meetings

(1)    The Nomination Committee shall review the overall contribution and service to the Company of the retiring
       Director including his/her attendance of Board meetings and, where applicable, general meetings, and the level of
       participation and performance on the Board.

(2)    The Nomination Committee shall also review and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the
       criteria as set out in paragraph Selection Criteria (1).

(3)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect of the
       proposed re-election of Director at general meetings.

Succession Planning

The Board recognises the importance of having continuity in the management of the Company, and managers with
appropriate skills and experience to support the delivery of the Group’s strategic priorities. Succession planning is a regular
Board agenda item and considered by the Board annually.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the “policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain an
appropriate balance of skills, experience and diverse perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the business growth to
support the execution of business strategies.

Purpose

The purpose of the policy is to set out our approach to board diversity.

Vision

The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022      81
  Corporate Governance Report




  Policy Statement

  With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board
  level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. In
  designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited
  to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
  service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
  having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

  Measurable Objectives

  The Nomination Committee will annually discuss and agree on measurable objectives for the implementation of board
  diversity and make recommendations to the Board for adoption.

  Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
  and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate
  decision will be based on merit and contribution that the candidates will bring to the Board. The Board’s composition
  (including gender, ethnicity, age, length of service) will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report annually.

  Monitoring and Reporting

  The Nomination Committee will report annually, in the Corporate Governance Report, on the Board’s composition
  under diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the policy. The Nominating Committee is responsible
  for ensuring diversity on the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the policy, as appropriate, to ensure the
  effectiveness of the policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any
  such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

  The Board comprises nine members, including five executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent
  non-executive Directors. Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and experiences, including business
  management, quality control, administration and management, manufacture and research and development of pressure
  vessels and finance, auditing and accounting experiences. The Board members also obtained degrees in various majors
  including business administration, chemical and mechanical engineering, metallurgical engineering, water supply and
  drainage engineering, electronics engineering and business and commerce. Furthermore, the ages of the Directors range
  from 39 years old to 79 years old.

  Taking into account the background of the Directors, the Nomination Committee is of the view that the composition of the
  Board is diversified.

  While the Company recognises that gender diversity at our Board level can be improved given one out of nine of our
  Directors is female, the Company will continue to apply the principle of appointments based on merits with reference to
  the board diversity policy as a whole, and the Company has also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender
  diversity at all levels of the Company, including but not limited to the Board and the management levels. The Company will
  strive to achieve gender balance of the Board through certain measures to be implemented by our nomination committee in
  accordance with the board diversity policy. In particular, taking into account the business needs of the Group and changing
  circumstances from time to time that may affect the Group’s business plans, the Company will actively identify female
  individuals suitably qualified to become the Board members and the Company aims to achieve a target of 20% female
  representation in the Board, during the period of which we are listed on the Stock Exchange. To further ensure gender
  diversity of the Board in a long run, the Group will also identify and select several female individuals with a diverse range



82   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




of skills, experience and knowledge in different fields from time to time, and maintain a list of such female individuals who
possess qualities to become the Board members, which will be reviewed by our nomination committee quarterly in order to
develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to promote gender diversity of the Board of the Company.

The Company is also committed to adopting similar approach to promote diversity of all staff of the Group (including but
not limited to the senior management) to enhance the effectiveness of our corporate governance. The Group is mainly
engaged in design, manufacture, installation and operation and maintenance. Due to the nature of the industry, most of
the Group’s employees are male. The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diverse perspectives that are
relevant to the growth of the Group’s business and also strives to ensure that recruitment and selection practices at all
levels (from the Board down) are properly structured so that a diverse range of candidates is considered. As at 31 December
2022, the ratio of male and female employees of the Group is about 4.8: 1, details of related data are set out in the section
headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report”. Due to the nature of the industry and the relevant labour supply
market, the Company tends to employ more male employees than female employees. The Company is committed to
maintaining a balance of male and female employees, and has implemented a fair employment policy. The Company will
regularly assess its employment policy to ensure merit-based and diverse recruitment of employees in order to narrow the
gender gap in the workforce.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the Reporting
Period.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or circumstances that may cast significant doubt
upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements
is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual report.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services and non-
audit services for the Reporting Period is set out below:

                                                                                                               Fees paid/
 Service Category                                                                                                payable
                                                                                                                RMB’000


 Audit services                                                                                                      3,890
 Non-audit services                                                                                                      0


 Total                                                                                                               3,890


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap and Ms. Lau Wai Yee are the joint company secretaries of the Company.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022    83
  Corporate Governance Report




  Ms. Lau is a director of Immanuel Consulting Limited, a licensed trust and corporate services provider specialising in
  integrated business and corporate services. The primary contact person of the Company is Mr. Lu Weifeng, the person in
  charge of the securities office of the Company.

  During the Reporting Period, the joint company secretaries attended sufficient professional training as required under Rule
  3.29 of the Listing Rules to update their skills and knowledge.


  INVESTOR RELATIONS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT

  No amendments were made by the Company to the Articles of Association during the Reporting Period. The latest version
  of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

  Shareholder Communication Policy

  The Company believes that the effective communication with Shareholders is essential to enhance investor relations
  and deepen investors’ understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. In order to facilitate effective
  communication, the Company has adopted a Shareholder Communication Policy aiming to establish the mutual
  relationship and communication between the Company and Shareholders.

  (1)    Purpose

         The Shareholder communication policy is intended to set out provisions aimed at ensuring Shareholders’ equal and
         timely access to corporate information, enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner and
         allowing them to actively participate in the Company’s operations.

  (2)    General policy

         1)      The Board will maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and periodically review the policy to ensure
                 its effectiveness.

         2)      Information will be communicated to Shareholders through the Company’s financial reports, annual and
                 other general meetings that may be held, and disclosures filed with the Stock Exchange.

         3)      Effective and timely communication of information to Shareholders should be ensured at all times. Any
                 questions related to this policy will be referred to the Company Secretary of the Company.

  (3)    Communication strategy

         1)      Shareholder inquiries

                 A.       The Board will maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and periodically review this policy to
                          ensure its effectiveness.

                 B.       Shareholders may request corporate information at any time as long as such information is publicly
                          available.

                 C.       Shareholders shall be provided with a designated contact person, e-mail address and the Company’s
                          inquiry telephone number to enable them to raise any inquiries related to the Company.



84   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




2)   Corporate communication

     Corporate communication means any document issued or to be issued by the Company for Shareholder’s
     information or actions, but is not limited to Directors’ reports and annual accounts together with auditors’
     reports, interim reports, notices of meetings, circulars and proxy forms.

     A.     Corporate communications should be drawn up in plain language that can be easily understood by
            Shareholders and be provided to Shareholders in Chinese and English. Shareholders have the right
            to choose the language (English or Chinese) or the method for receiving corporate communications
            (hard copy or in electronic form).

     B.     Shareholders are encouraged to provide the Company with, among other things, their e-mail
            addresses to facilitate timely and efficient communication.

3)   Company website

     A.     A dedicated investor relations section is available on the Company’s website at www.
            morimatsu-online.com. Information on the Company’s website is regularly updated.

     B.     Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also published on the Company’s
            website immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, performance
            announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and related explanatory documents.

     C.     All presentations provided in connection with the Company’s annual general meetings and the
            annual results announcement should be available on the Company’s website.

     D.     All press releases and Shareholder communications shall be available on the Company’s website.

4)   General meetings

     A.     Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings or, if they are unable to attend, to appoint
            proxies to attend and vote on their behalf.

     B.     Proper arrangements shall be made for annual general meetings to encourage Shareholders’
            participation.

     C.     The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed regularly, and if
            necessary, appropriate changes will be made to ensure that the needs of Shareholders are best
            served.

     D.     Members of the Board, in particular, the chairmen of the Board committees or their representatives,
            relevant senior management and external auditors will attend annual general meetings to answer
            Shareholders’ questions.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2022    85
  Corporate Governance Report




                  E.      Shareholders are encouraged to participate in Shareholder activities organized by the Company, and
                          information about the Company, including the latest strategic plans, products and services, will be
                          exchanged at the activities.

  (4)      Shareholder privacy

           The Company recognizes the importance of Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose Shareholders’ information
           without their consent, except as required by law.

 During the Reporting Period, the main channels for the Company to convey information to Shareholders and investors
 were the Company’s financial reports (interim and annual reports), announcements, circulars and other corporate inquiries
 available for inspection on the Company’s website at www.morimatsu-online.com and the HKExnews website at www.
 hkexnews.hk, as well as the direct communication platforms provided at annual general meetings. Meanwhile, the
 Company organizes various activities as needed, including holding briefing sessions for investors/analysts and individual
 meetings with them, media interviews and investor promotion activities, to promote communication between the Company
 and Shareholders and investors. Directors and employees of the Company will comply with the relevant disclosure
 responsibilities and requirements of the Listing Rules whenever they contact or communicate with investors, analysts, the
 media or other relevant external parties. The Board believes that during the Reporting Period, the Company continued to
 maintain dialogue with Shareholders and investors, and the Company has ensured the effectiveness of the implementation
 of the shareholder communication policy, and will regularly review the shareholder communication policy to ensure its
 continued effectiveness.

  Make Enquiries to the Board

  Shareholders who wish to make enquiries to the Board should send such enquiries in writing to the Company. The
  Company does not normally handle verbal or anonymous enquiries.

  Contact Information

  Shareholders may send the above inquiries or requests in the following manner:

  Address:                Unit 26B, 235 Wing Lok Street Trade Centre
                          No. 235 Wing Lok Street, Hong Kong
                          (For the attention of the Board of Directors/Joint Company Secretaries)
  Email:                  contact@morimatsu-online.com
                          ircontact@morimatsu-online.com
  Telephone:              +852 2157 0050

  For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deliver and send the original of a duly signed written request, notice or
  statement or enquiry, as the case may be, to the above address, providing their full name, contact details and identity, in
  order to be processed. Shareholder information may be disclosed as required by law.




86   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Important Event Log of Shareholders for FY2023

The Company is committed to maintaining sincere and constructive communication with its Shareholders/investors, and
providing the Shareholders/investors with the information they need to make informed investment decisions. In order to
further maintain and strengthen the effectiveness of the Company’s communication with the Shareholders/investors, the
Company’s important event log for shareholders in the financial year of 2023 is as follows:

First half of 2023
•      2022 annual results announcement
       Results release (also available on live broadcasting)
•      Roadshow after results announcement
•      Annual General Meeting

Second half of 2023
•    2023 interim results announcement
     Results release (also available on live broadcasting)
•    Roadshow after results announcement

Shareholders’ Rights

Shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings of the Company. To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and
rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each resolution, including the election of individual Directors, at general
meetings. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll
results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each general
meeting.

Convening Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals

In accordance with the Articles of Association, a shareholder (holding at the date of the requisition not less than 5% of the
total voting rights of the Company entitled to vote at a general meeting) may request the Board to call a general meeting
of the Company, which the Board must convene such meeting within 21 days of the requisition. Such request must state
the general nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting and may include the text of resolutions that may be
properly proposed and intended to be proposed at the meeting. Such requests may be sent to the Company in paper or
electronic form and must be authenticated by the person making the request. If the Board does not convene a general
meeting within the prescribed time, the person making the requisition or the Shareholders representing more than one-half
of the total voting rights of all Shareholders may convene a general meeting by themselves in the same manner, and the
Company shall reimburse the person making the requisition for all reasonable expenses incurred by the him/her as a result
of the failure to convene a meeting by the Board. If at any time the Company does not have any Directors or a quorum of
Directors capable of constituting a meeting, any two or more Shareholders holding not less than 10% of the total voting
rights of the Company entitled to vote at a general meeting may convene a general meeting in the same manner.

The specific procedures for Shareholders to propose any person for election as a Director of the Company are published on
the Company’s website.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   87
  Corporate Governance Report




  Dividend Policy

  The Board has adopted a dividend policy which provides that the Company in general meeting may declare dividends in any
  currency, but no dividend shall be declared in excess of the amount recommended by the Board and subject to applicable
  laws and regulations and the Articles of Association.

  In deciding whether to recommend the payment of dividend to Shareholders, the Board will take into account factors
  including the following:

  (1)       general business conditions and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or
            financial performance and position of the Company;

  (2)       the financial condition and results of operations of the Group;

  (3)       the expected capital requirements and future expansion plans of the Group;

  (4)       future prospects of the Group;

  (5)       statutory and regulatory restrictions;

  (6)       contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Group to the Shareholders or by the subsidiaries of the
            Company to the Company;

  (7)       payment by the Company’s subsidiaries of cash dividends to the Company;

  (8)       Shareholders’ interests; and

  (9)       other factors the Board may deem relevant in determining whether dividends are to be declared and paid.

  Based on the financial results for the Reporting Period and the current cash flow position and capital expenditure plans,
  the Board is of the opinion that no dividend is recommended for the current Reporting Period, taking into account the
  considerable capital expenditure requirements arising from business development. The Board will review its financial
  position from time to time and will make dividend distributions as it considers appropriate in the interests of the Company
  and its Shareholders.




88      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

We have established a three-tiered risk management and internal control system covering governance, management and
execution.

The Board, as the highest decision-making body for risk management and internal control (including financial control,
operation control and compliance control), is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of risks
that the Company is willing to accept in achieving its strategic objectives, overseeing the design, implementation and
monitoring of the risk management and internal control system by the management and reviewing the effectiveness of
such system annually to ensure that the Company establishes and maintains an appropriate and effective risk management
and internal control system. The Audit Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in performing its audit duties in
respect of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems. The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for
the risk management and internal control systems and the review of the effectiveness of such systems which are designed
to manage, not eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and that only reasonable and not absolute
assurance can be given that there will be no material misstatement or loss.

The Group has established a risk management team, members of which will combine the Group’s actual operation and
external environment to organize and analyze risks from five aspects, namely strategy, finance, market, operation and
legal, evaluate and discuss to identify significant risks, formulate and implement corresponding risk management strategies
and solutions for the identified significant risks, summarize the risk management work for the current year, plan the risk
management work for the following year, and continuously adjust the risk management related work according to the
management needs with a dynamic approach.

In addition to the above-mentioned significant risk management mechanism, the Group has established a comprehensive
risk management and internal control management system, policies and systems to promote and support anti-corruption
and anti-fraud laws and regulations, procedures and internal control measures for handling and releasing inside information
and established an internal control process framework covering sales and cash collection, procurement and payment,
inventory management, environmental protection and production management, research and development and intangible
asset management, fixed asset management, capital management, human resources and remuneration management,
financial reporting and external information disclosure, information system management and other business processes with
continuous improvement to ensure the effective operation of the risk management and internal control system.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   89
  Corporate Governance Report




  The Group has established a dedicated internal audit department to undertake the internal audit function, oversee the
  design and implementation of internal control policies, analyze and independently evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness
  of the Group’s risk management and internal control system, and report the evaluation results to the Audit Committee.
  In addition to the internal control and internal audit functions, all employees are responsible for the risk management and
  internal control within their business areas.

  The Group has established a whistleblowing policy and system for employees and those who have a relationship with the
  Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise concerns in confidence and in an anonymous way to the Audit Committee
  (or any designated committee with a majority of independent non-executive Directors) about possible improprieties in any
  matter related to the Company.

  The Board considers that the Company’s risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate, and
  that the resources, employee qualifications and experience, training courses received by employees and related budget of
  the Group in accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions and in relation to the issuer’s environmental, social
  and governance performance and reporting are adequate and that there were no material control failures or significant
  control outcomings during the Reporting Period.




90   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


ABOUT THE REPORT

ESG Governance Structure

The Board of the Group is fully aware of its responsibility to protect and enhance long-term Shareholder value, to lead and
manage the Group to deliver long-term returns and to make a positive impact on society and the environment. The global
health and economic crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has heightened the attention of investors and corporate
stakeholders in environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters. ESG is a priority and important factor in measuring
a company’s non-financial performance, as well as its valuation, risk management and regulatory compliance. Corporate
ESG performance is inevitably one of the key criteria for demonstrating a company’s corporate social responsibility and
future sustainability.

The Group’s control and management of ESG-related risks is carried out by members of the Board. By assessing and
evaluating ESG-related risks and performance reporting, the Group sets overall strategic objectives, monitors management
effectiveness, and ensures reliable business operations and compliance with relevant legal and regulatory requirements. On
14 September 2020, the Group appointed Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka, an executive Director and a member of the Board, to
plan, organize and oversee the ESG process, and established an ESG working group composed of the management and the
heads of production, sales, procurement, health, safety and environment (“HSE”) and human resources departments to
ensure the specific execution and implementation of the Group’s ESG work and strategies.

This ESG report (the “Report”) collects qualitative information and quantitative data to demonstrate the Group’s
determination and relevant performance in achieving sustainable development.

Scope of Reporting

This report provides an overview of the Group’s sustainability performance by summarizing the policies, management
practices and performance of the Group’s businesses in the area of corporate social responsibility. The report covers the
Group’s subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Nantong and Changshu, China, as well as in Sweden, Japan, USA, India,
Malaysia, Italy and the Republic of Singapore (“Singapore”).

Reporting Period

This report describes and highlights the ESG activities, challenges and measures taken by the Group during the Reporting
Period.

Reporting Framework

This report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” (the “Guide”)
as set out in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules and based on the reporting principles of “Materiality”, “Quantitative”,
“Balance” and “Consistency”. This report has complied with the mandatory disclosure requirements and the “comply or
explain” provisions of the Guide.

The Group makes every effort to ensure consistency between the Chinese and English versions of this report. However, in
case of any inconsistency, the English version shall prevail.

This report has been reviewed and approved by the Board.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   91
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

  As a responsible enterprise, the Group believes that all stakeholders play their respective roles in driving the development
  and success of an enterprise, and that good ESG management is important for achieving sustainable development of
  an enterprise. To foster collaborative relationships with key stakeholders, including government and regulatory bodies,
  investors, employees, customers, suppliers and the community, the Group actively communicated with stakeholders during
  the Reporting Period through various channels to exchange views and ideas, and to discuss and review ESG objectives with
  stakeholders, with the aim of building key business strategies for the Group to drive future growth and address future
  challenges.

  The stakeholder engagement activities conducted by the Group during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                       Government
                       and regulatory
                       authorities              Investors                   Employees                  Customers                    Suppliers               Community


     Goals and areas   • Response to relevant •     Financial results       • Protection of rights     • Provide products and       • Comply with business •     Actively participate
       of concern        national policies and •    Development               and interests              services that meet           ethics and national        in community
                         calls                      strategies              • Remunerations and          the needs and create         laws and regulations       construction
                       • Compliance with        •   Exploration of new        benefits                   greater value for          • Openness and fairness •    Actively devote
                         various laws and           business                • Safety and health          customers                  • Commitment                 to public welfare
                         regulations            •   Sustainable corporate   • Career development       • Information                • Work with suppliers to     undertakings
                       • Scientific and             development             • Corporate culture          confidentiality              promote sustainable
                         standardized                                                                                                 development of the
                         operation                                                                                                    supply chain and
                       • Promote employment                                                                                           achieve win-win
                       • Pay taxes according to                                                                                       cooperation
                         law

     Communication     • Dialogue with the      • The Company’s        •        General manager         •   The Company’s           •   Selection review     • The Company’s
       channels and      local government         website                       seminar                     website                 •   Contract negotiation   website
       methods         • Submission of          • Annual reports and •          Industrial organization •   On-site visits          •   Regular review       • Community activities
                         information and          interim reports      •        Employee training       •   Customer satisfaction   •   Daily business
                         documents as           • Board meetings,      •        Employee activities         survey                      communication
                         required                 general meetings,    •        Feedback and OA         •   Complaint hotline
                       • Compliance               investor meetings             Forum
                         inspection including   • Direct communication •        Corporate
                         those related to         with Shareholders             publications
                         environmental                                 •        Performance
                         protection                                             evaluation of
                       • Participation in                                       employees
                         industry association
                         activities and
                         contribute corporate
                         experience




92     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




              Government
              and regulatory
              authorities              Investors                  Employees                Customers                  Suppliers               Community


Key actions   • Enforce national       •   Convene regular         •Protect the rights and •   Continuously improve •   Build a                •   Participates in disaster
                policies and comply        general meetings         interests of employees     the quality of products  communication              relief
                with national laws and •   Convene regular          and enhance                and services             platform for suppliers •   Commences
                regulations                Board meetings           employee benefits      •   Timely feedback and •    Improve supplier           employee volunteer
              • Accept supervision     •   Convene investors       •Improve the working        handle customer          selection mechanism        activities
                and inspection             meetings                 environment of             complaints              •Establish an open and •    Provides students
              • Provide more job       •   Make timely              employees              •   Protect customer data    transparent tendering      assistance donations
                opportunities              disclosure of statutory •Enhance employee           and information          mechanism              •   Provides internship
              • Strictly control           matters                  health and safety                                  •Provide equal              opportunities for
                the treatment of       •   Deepen product and       related training and                                opportunity for            university students
                pollutants                 technology innovation    facility investment                                 suppliers to compete •     Charity donations
              • Timely filing of tax       and continuously        •Provide employees                                 • Improve supplier
                returns                    expand new business      with better training                                evaluation
                                                                    related to career
                                                                    development and help
                                                                    them to improve their
                                                                    management and
                                                                    technical skills
                                                                  • Provide employees
                                                                    with a wide range of
                                                                    career development
                                                                    opportunities
                                                                  • Adhere to the
                                                                    people-oriented
                                                                    business philosophy
                                                                    and provide more
                                                                    employee care




                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022                   93
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

  Through stakeholder engagement activities and management reviews, the Group has identified the following most
  significant ESG issues in terms of relevance and materiality, and established priorities for resource allocation to address these
  issues. The assessment helps to ensure that the Group’s business objectives and development direction are in line with the
  expectations and requirements of the stakeholders.

                                                                      Materiality Assessment

                                                     Medium Priority                                 High Priority




                            Impact on Stakeholders
                                                                                                1    19    20
                                                                                         5     11    12
                                                                       17         22    13      2
                                                                        4   15    14           18
                                                                       16   3           25
                                                            7     6     8
                                                            9    10               26
                                                              27 24    21               23


                                                     Low priority                                Medium Priority
                                                              Impact on the Group’s operation

     Environment                                               Society                                Operation


     1.  Waste water discharge                                 11. Remuneration and benefits          20. Product quality control system to
     2.  Waste gas emission                                    12. Occupational health and safety         ensure product health and safety
     3.  Dust emission                                         13. Employee development               21. Customer service and complaint
     4.  Noise emission                                        14. Employee training                      handling
     5.  Waste discharge                                       15. Employee care                      22. Customer satisfaction
     6.  Risks and opportunities of                            16. Equal and no discriminatory        23. Advertising and labeling of
         climate change                                            working environment                    products and services
     7. GHG emissions                                          17. Prohibition of child labour and    24. Protection of customer privacy
     8. Energy consumption                                         forced labour                      25. Intellectual property rights
     9. Water resource consumption                             18. Reducing the impact of             26. Operation with integrity and
     10. Use of materials                                          operations on the community            honesty
                                                               19. Community investment               27. Responsible supply chain




94        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




STAKEHOLDERS’ FEEDBACK

The Group welcomes your comments and feedback on its ESG performance and approach. Your input is particularly
valuable to the Group’s continued excellence and sustainability and you are invited to send your questions, comments and
suggestions to contact@morimatsu-online.com.


ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

The Group considers environmental protection to be an important corporate social responsibility. The Group pays close
attention to the promulgation and updating of environmental protection-related laws and regulations in the places
where it operates and strictly complies with the requirements of such laws and regulations. The Group has established an
environmental management system that complies with the requirements of ISO 14001:2015 standard, formulated and
implemented a number of measures to control pollution and protect the environment, publicized and promoted resource
conservation and energy consumption reduction through various channels, and raised the awareness of environmental
protection among all people involved in order to protect the ecological environment and promote sustainable development,
so as to contribute to the creation of a better home for mankind.

Emission Policies and Compliance

The Group has comprehensively identified and assessed the factors that may be involved in environmental impact. The
Group has identified various factors that may have an impact on the environment in its production activities (including
the production processes like welding, polishing, grinding, cutting, pickling and flaw detection in the workshops) and
daily office activities of its employees (including the use of computers, air conditioners and copiers), and conducted risk
assessment in five aspects, namely compliance with regulations, frequency of occurrence, scope of impact, degree of
impact and social concern, and updated the assessment results annually. The Group has formulated management policies
and regulations for different environmental impact factors, such as air pollution prevention and control, water pollution
control, waste management and noise pollution prevention and control, and has clearly defined the control measures to be
taken by each department to protect the ecological environment of the Group and the surrounding areas. The Group aims
to make continuous efforts to reduce the generation of relevant emissions on the premise of ensuring that all emissions
comply with relevant laws, regulations and emission standards of the places of operation.

Waste water discharge

In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, the Group has formulated “Water Pollution Control Management
Regulations” (《水污染控制管理規定》) and applied for “Pollution Discharge Permit” (《排污許可證》). For the
wastewater generated in the process of acid washing in workshops, the Group discharges it into the acidic wastewater
collection pool and discharges it after the water treatment of neutralization to meet the standard. As for domestic sewage,
the Group also collects the wastewater centrally and discharges it to the municipal sewage network after treatment by the
wastewater treatment facilities in the plant. In order to further enhance the treatment effect of the wastewater generated
from the acid washing process in workshops, the Group upgraded the acid mist extraction device in the water pressure tank
in 2020 and purchased acidic wastewater treatment equipment in 2021, and formulated contingency plans for the failure
of environmental protection facilities. The Group organizes annual testing by third party units with testing qualifications to
ensure compliance with emission standards.

During the Reporting Period, the Group discharged approximately 687,501.32 cubic meters of wastewater and did not
experience any cases of non-compliance with the effluent discharge standards.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   95
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  Waste gas emission

 In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, the Group has formulated the “Management Regulations on
 Prevention and Control of Air Pollution” (《大氣污染防治管理規定》) to prevent and control air pollution. Emission
 sources related to production activities are mainly natural gas combustion in heat treatment furnaces, diesel fuel used
 in forklift trucks and emissions generated during painting in paint rooms. The Group strives to explore and promote the
 use of clean production processes with high energy efficiency and low pollutant emissions to reduce the generation of
 atmospheric pollutants. For emissions from office and daily lives such as cooking activities in canteen, boiler room operation
 and official vehicle travel, the Group has adopted measures to reduce emissions by using clean energy, installing emission
 reduction facilities and optimizing travel routes as far as possible. The Group organizes qualified third parties to conduct
 annual inspections of stationary emission sources within the plant to ensure compliance with emission standards.

 Through the implementation of the above measures, during the Reporting Period, the Group’s waste gas emission met
 the goal set by the Group, and there was no non-compliance of waste gas emissions. Among them, the actual emission
 of particulate matter was approximately 0.410 tonnes, the actual emission of nitrogen oxides was approximately 2.758
 tonnes, the actual emission of sulphur dioxide was approximately 1.735 tonnes, the actual emission of benzene was
 approximately 0.015 tonnes, the actual emission of toluene was approximately 0.286 tonnes and the actual emission of
 xylene was approximately 0.428 tonnes.

  Dust

  Metal dust will be generated during the process of polishing, grinding, cutting, heat treatment and other production
  operations by employees in the workshop. In view of this, the Group has installed dust collection devices for stationary
  emission sources and enhanced ventilation and exhaust ventilation in an effort to improve the working environment of the
  workplace.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any cases of non-compliance with dust emission standards.

  Noise

  In the process of workshop processing, the Group will inevitably generate noise, and working under the noise for a long
  period of time will adversely affect the health of employees. For this purpose, the Group has formulated the “Management
  Regulations on Prevention of Noise Pollution” (《噪音污染防治管理規定》) in accordance with relevant laws and
  regulations, and installed soundproof cotton and soundproof panels on noise sources to reduce the impact of noise on
  employees. At the same time, the Group has also provided labour protection products such as noise reduction earplugs,
  while employees are required and supervised to wear them properly. The Group organizes qualified third-party units to
  conduct inspections every year to ensure that the noise level of the plant meets the standards.

  During the Reporting Period, there were no instances where the Group’s noise level was not up to standard.

  Waste

 The Group has formulated the “Regulations on Environmental Hygiene and Waste Management” (《環境衛生和廢棄
 物管理規定》) and “Regulations on Waste Management” (《廢棄物管理規定》), and manages waste based on these
 regulations to ensure full coverage of control measures throughout the entire process from the source of production to the
 end disposal of waste.




96   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




The Group implements classified waste management, including hazardous waste and non-hazardous waste.

Hazardous waste mainly includes waste mineral oil, waste wipes and packaging, waste fixing solution and waste developing
solution, etc. The main control measures adopted by the Group on hazardous waste are as follows:

o      Hazardous waste is collected by the designated responsible department, stored in special containers and placed in
       the dangerous goods storage areas.

o      Containers and sites for storing hazardous waste are equipped with corresponding labels and warning signs to
       achieve proper storage of various types of hazardous waste.

o      Contact qualified units to dispose of hazardous waste; the disposal department and the receiving department fill out
       the “Hazardous Waste Disposal Registration Form” (《危險廢棄物處置登記表》) according to the actual disposal
       situation, and strictly implement registration management for the disposal of hazardous waste.

Non-hazardous waste mainly includes waste metal residues, domestic waste, kitchen waste and construction waste, etc.
The main control measures adopted by the Group for non-hazardous waste are as follows:

o      For metal scrap, the Group sets up metal scrap hoppers in the production area to sort and collect metal scrap of
       different materials or models before sending them to designated storage areas for disposal.

o      For domestic garbage, the Group has set up various types of garbage bins in the office area, production area and
       living area of the plant for collecting dry, wet, recyclable and non-recyclable garbage, which will be cleaned and
       collected by the cleaning staff to the garbage room for disposal by qualified units.

o      For kitchen waste, the canteen contractor will contact a qualified unit for disposal.

o      For construction waste, the construction unit is responsible for cleaning and transporting it to the waste storage site.

During the Reporting Period, the Group had achieved the waste reduction goals. The Group generated and effectively
disposed of approximately 95.23 tonnes of hazardous waste and approximately 4,094.84 tonnes of non-hazardous waste.

Greenhouse gas emissions

The Group’s greenhouse gas emissions mainly come from carbon dioxide generated from the use of purchased electricity,
natural gas used in heat treatment furnaces and canteens, etc., and from the diesel fuel for forklift vehicles and gasoline
for business vehicles. In addition to controlling emissions directly generated from production and office activities, the Group
has taken the following measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and contribute to the development of a low-carbon
economy.

o      Promote the rational use of air conditioning and reduce the use of substances that will damage the ozone layer.
       The Group restricts the maximum temperature of air conditioning in winter and the minimum temperature of air
       conditioning in summer, stipulating that air conditioning can be used only when the minimum outdoor temperature
       is lower than 5°C and the set temperature shall not be higher than 20°C; air conditioning can be used only when
       the maximum outdoor temperature exceeds 30°C and the set temperature shall not be lower than 26°C.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   97
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  o       Use and promote Internet-based remote office operations such as remote visits and remote inspections to reduce
          the consumption of oil and gas resources and greenhouse gas emissions caused by unnecessary travel.

  o       Organize green planting adoption activities for employees to encourage them to plant green plants to improve the
          office environment and help protect the environment at the same time.

  o       Refine the control of water, electricity and gas consumption, strengthen the analysis of consumption, and adopt
          various technologies and management methods to save energy and reduce carbon emissions.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group’s emitted carbon dioxide has met the emission goal it set. The total carbon dioxide
  emitted by the Group was approximately 30,187.66 tonnes, of which carbon dioxide emission indirectly caused by energy
  was approximately 23,605.84 tonnes. (Note: The information is calculated based on the calculated energy consumption
  including electricity, natural gas, diesel and gasoline, and the carbon emission factors published in the “Guide to Calculating
  Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Energy Consumption” (《能源消耗引起的溫室氣體排放計算指南》) prepared by the
  World Energy Institute, but the information is only an estimate as the CO2 emissions from fuel consumption are closely
  related to factors such as the composition of the oil and the performance of the engine.)

  Use of Resources

  The main resources used by the Group include purchased electricity, natural gas used in heat treatment furnaces
  and canteens, diesel for forklifts, gasoline for official vehicles, production and domestic water and electricity, and
  product packaging materials. The Group’s goals for the use of resources are: with the continuous development of the
  Group’s business, to continuously improve the utilization efficiency of relevant resources, save resources as much as
  possible, and control resource usage. The Group has formulated the Management Measures for Energy Conservation
  (《節能管理辦法》) and has taken measures to reduce resource consumption in various aspects, thereby achieving the
  energy efficiency goals set by the Group.

  Electricity resources

  The Group pays attention to the management of electricity consumption in daily operation and has taken consumption
  reduction measures as follows:

  o       Post energy-saving tips next to the switches of commonly used high-powered equipment to educate employees to
          reduce unnecessary energy consumption in production and office processes, in order to reduce the environmental
          impact of operational activities.

  o       Require employees to power off computers and other peripheral equipment when they are away from the office for
          more than one hour.

  o       Require the windows and doors to be closed when opening the air conditioning in winter and summer, and set the
          air conditioning temperature reasonably.

  o       For electrical equipment used in production and office, the Group procures energy-saving equipment as far as
          possible and reduces energy consumption by rationalizing production schedules.




98    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




o      The Group actively participated in the pilot project of using clean energy by leasing the roof of the plant to a
       third-party supplier specializing in solar power generation for the installation of solar panels and using the solar
       energy converted electricity in the actual production process. (Note: This has effectively increased the Group’s use
       of clean energy, reduced the consumption of purchased electricity, and saved electricity expenses. For example, in
       the Nantong manufacturing base, solar power usage can account for approximately 36% of the total electricity
       consumption of the entire manufacturing base in months with sufficient light.)

Water Resources

The Group does not face any issues in the shortage of water supply in its operations, nor does it have any difficulty in finding
suitable water sources for its business operations. However, water conservation is becoming an increasingly important
issue for the whole society. Therefore, the Group has actively taken the following consumption reduction measures and
accomplished the goals for the efficiency of water use.

o      The Group has renovated the drinking water facilities workshops since 2021, changing the water supply through
       the drinking fountain to direct water supply from the water room through the pipeline, eliminating the need to
       specifically clean and seal the water drums used in the loop. The Group has set up 61 drinking points, replacing 102
       water dispensers that were previously in daily use. After the renovation, the Group estimates to save approximately
       80.3 tonnes of pure water for bucket cleaning every year.

o      The Group has integrated the concept of energy saving into the product design and optimised the design of the
       spray ball for cleaning in the container equipment, which has obvious water saving effect compared with the
       common spray ball. According to the calculation that a container equipment needs to be cleaned 200 times a year,
       each equipment can save about 277 tonnes of water per year, and at the same time, the water flow is reduced, thus
       enabling each equipment to save about 200 kilowatt hours of electricity per year.

Paper resources

As for the paper consumption in the office process, on the one hand, the Group controls the total amount of paper
consumption by recording the paper consumption of each department on a monthly basis to reduce waste. On the other
hand, the Group advocates paperless office and delivery of materials in electronic form. During the Reporting Period, the
cost saved by the Group was approximately RMB91,400 by promoting the delivery of materials in electronic form.

Packaging materials

The Group’s products are mainly customized for customers, and the packaging materials used vary, mainly including
wooden boxes, rain-proof cloth, iron pallets and wooden pallets. Nevertheless, the Group will reuse eligible and recyclable
packaging materials in the course of business development, such as the baskets used by the Group, which can be reused to
help to reduce the cost of packaging materials; and the baskets can be stacked in three layers, so as to save transportation
space and transportation costs.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   99
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Oil and gas resources

      The Group’s daily operations involving the use of oil and gas resources mainly include the use of diesel fuel for forklift
      trucks, gasoline and diesel fuel for corporate vehicles and commuter shuttles, the burning of natural gas for heat treatment
      furnaces, the burning of natural gas for cooking in canteens and the burning of natural gas for boiler room operations. In
      order to save resources, the Group promotes the use of Internet-based remote work mode in its business activities, such
      as remote visits and remote inspections, to reduce unnecessary travel; and newly installs charging piles, purchases electric
      forklifts, and introduces industrial steam into the plants. In addition, the Group actively explores and promotes the use of
      clean production processes with high energy efficiency and low pollutant emissions, and uses clean, renewable energy
      wherever possible.

      During the Reporting Period, the Group’s source consumed data is as follows:

       Category             Name                   Consumption         Unit           Intensity   Intensity Unit


       Water, electricity   Water                      763,890.36      Tonnes            117.77   tons/RMB million revenue
        and gas
                            Electricity                 30,097.97      Thousands of        4.64   Thousand kWh/RMB million revenue (including
                                                                          kilowatt                  4,553.66 thousand kWh of photovoltaic
                                                                          hours                     electricity)
                                                                          (Kwh)
                            Natural gas              2,785,287.88      m3                429.41   m3/RMB million revenue
       Paper                Printing paper                    70.06    Tonnes              0.01   tonnes/RMB million revenue
       Packaging            Rain-proof cloth/bag       178,281.70      sq.m.              27.49   sq.m./RMB million revenue
         materials
                            Wooden board/               29,351.39      sq.m.               4.53   sq.m./RMB million revenue
                               wooden box
                            Wooden cubes/                   1,032.70   sq.m.               0.16   m3/RMB million revenue
                               wooden brackets
                            Iron saddle/frame            1,289.24      Tonnes              0.20   tonnes/RMB million revenue
                            Tray                         8,057.81      sq.m.              1.24    sq.m./RMB million revenue
                            Drying agent                35,123.65      kg                 5.42    kg/RMB million revenue
                            Packing Tape/                1,775.00      m                   0.27   m/RMB million revenue
                               Plywood Tape
       Fuel consumption     Petrol                      62,417.09      Litre               0.09   litre/km
                            Diesel                      47,981.68      Litre               7.40   litre/RMB million revenue


      Environmental and natural resources

      The Group is not in a highly polluting industry, its production technology and processes do not involve significant pollution
      emissions and its business does not involve direct access to natural resources. However, the Group still attaches great
      importance to environmental protection and resource conservation, and focus on environmental protection-related
      investments. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s environmental protection expenses were mainly related to three
      aspects: (1) environmental protection tax and emission fees of approximately RMB427,900; (2) environmental protection
      equipment and construction in progress of approximately RMB13,453,100; and (3) environmental protection-related
      external service fees of approximately RMB1,047,100.




100      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Climate Change

The World Economic Forum’s Global Risks Report 2022 (17th edition) (《2022年全球風險報告》（第17版）) highlights
that environmental risks are seen as the world’s five most serious long-term threats and are also most likely to have
devastating impacts on humans and the planet, among which “failure of climate action” and “extreme weather events”
ranked the top two. Climate change has become the biggest environmental and development challenge faced by human
society on a global scale, and the Group is aware that different climate change development trends will have different
impacts on the Group’s operations.

Climate-related risks include transition risks related to a low-carbon economy and physical risks related to the impact of
climate changes. However, opportunities are always accompanied by risks. Taking into account the relevant risks identified
by the Working Group on Climate-related Financial Information Disclosure, the Group has identified the following climate
change risks related to the Group. The Group actively responds to climate change by reducing energy consumption,
meeting pollutant emission standards, recycling packaging and other auxiliary materials, from the perspectives of process
technology optimization, equipment energy efficiency improvement, and green ecological product design, with a view to
reducing the impact of its operations on the environment, so as to achieve green and low-carbon development. The Group
also helps business partners contribute to the fight against climate change by providing products and services to customers
in fields such as renewable energy and environmental protection. During the Reporting Period, the Group cooperated with
a well-known clothing retail company and provided it with recycling equipment for used clothing which is mainly used to
decompose recycled second-hand clothing, reintegrate and reuse clothing fabrics, for the purpose of saving resources and
reducing pollution.

 Transition Risks


 Political and legal risks                    With the in-depth understanding of climate change from all walks of
 Technical risks                              life, various relevant government policies, laws and regulations will be
 Market risks                                 implemented accordingly. As an international enterprise, the Group may
 Reputation risks                             see rising energy prices in the places where it operates, which may increase
                                              the Group’s operating costs; energy use caps may be set, and the prices for
                                              greenhouse gas emissions may be continuously increased, thus restricting
                                              the expansion of the Group’s production capacity and increasing operating
                                              costs. Stakeholders also tend to pay more and more attention to climate
                                              change, and the failure to meet the expectations of stakeholders will affect
                                              the reputation of the Group and lower the market enthusiasm of the Group.

 Physical Risks


 Extreme weather events                       The frequent occurrence of extreme weather will have a direct impact
                                              on production premises, infrastructure, employee commuting and
                                              transportation, which will affect the production plan and product delivery of
                                              the Group.


 Long-term changes in climate patterns        Long-term changes in climate patterns such as persistent high temperature
                                              will affect the production safety of employees in high-temperature
                                              environment. In order to maintain the temperature of the production
                                              environment, the Group’s energy consumption will increase; and giving
                                              employees high-temperature subsidies and insurance will increase the
                                              Group’s labour costs.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022      101
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      SOCIAL PERFORMANCE

      Employment Policy and Care for Employee

      Human resources are considered to be a valuable asset of the Group as employees play an important role in providing
      design and development, processing and manufacturing, value-added services and customer liaison.

      The Group strictly complies with the relevant employment laws and regulations in the places where it operates, and
      has established regulations and systems such as the Employee Handbook, the Recruitment Management System and
      the Holiday Management System. To promote a quality and diverse team, the Group provides equal opportunities to its
      employees in recruitment, training and development, job promotion and remuneration and benefits. The Group not only
      recruits in the society, but also in various institutions of higher education and professional schools. The Group will consider
      a number of factors when recruiting employees, including but not limited to their experience in related industries, major,
      education background and the Group’s business needs, but the Group’s recruitment will not be affected by age, gender,
      marital and family status, race, skin color, region, nationality, religious belief and political affiliation. The Group provides
      employees with rich job opportunities according to the positions of different nature, including domestic and overseas
      job opportunities. The Group has also set up open promotion channels for different business lines and positions to assist
      employees in their personal career planning and development, and strive to achieve a win-win situation for the Company
      and the employees. When an employee resigns, the Group will organize work handover in accordance with the regulations,
      and each process will be reviewed and signed by the corresponding person in charge; the Group will also get to understand
      the reasons for the employee’s resignation through the relevant person in charge, listen to the opinions of the employees,
      and continuously improve the level of operation and management.

      The Group has formulated a sound performance appraisal system and policies on remuneration and benefits of the
      employees, and implemented a performance appraisal method that integrates the “Balanced Score Card (BSC)” and “Key
      Performance Indicator (KPI)” to conduct monthly, semi-annual and annual work performance assessments on employees
      under the principles of fairness and justice and in accordance with the prescribed operating procedures, so as to make
      comprehensive assessments the employees’ work performance, business capabilities, etc., and take the assessment results
      as an important basis for bonus distribution, salary adjustment, job promotion, and selection and evaluation of employees.
      The Group pays labour remunerations to employees on time and in full every month, and pays various insurances according
      to law, and provides employees with various allowances (job allowance, qualification allowance, high temperature
      allowance, etc.), subsidies (rental subsidies, night shift subsidies, etc.), gift money, consolation money, assessment bonuses
      and year-end bonuses and other remuneration and benefits; for employees who meet specific conditions, the Group
      will provide them with supplementary pensions and commercial insurance for accidents, critical illnesses, and health;
      for employees who have served the Group for a long time and made outstanding contributions, the Group will provide
      additional rewards in kind or in cash. The Group attaches great importance to the reasonable arrangement of workload and
      working hours, guarantees employees’ rights to rest and vacation, strictly controls the approval of overtime applications,
      and prevents overtime hours exceeding the legal standards; in addition for public holidays and rest days, the Group provides
      employees with annual leave, marriage leave, maternity leave, sick leave, personal leave, condolence leave and family leave.
      As at 31 December 2022, the total number of employees of the Group was 4,142 and the composition of employees is
      summarized in the table below.




102      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Employment of active employees by age and gender:

                                                                                                                               Total
                             30 and                                                                                       number of
 Classification              below         31–40           41–50       Over 50               Male       Female            employees


 Age                          1,332         1,800            718              292               ╱                    ╱            4,142
 Gender                          ╱             ╱              ╱                ╱             3,428                  714           4,142

Employment of active employees by region:

                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                    Hong                                                                       number of
 Classification   Shanghai      Jiangsu   Wuhan     Kong    Sweden      India        Japan      USA         Italy     Malaysia employees


 Region              2,272       1,518      185       2        11        53            30        3            3            65      4,142

Employment of active employees by employment type:

                                                                                                                     Total number
 Classification                                                     Permanent                  Contract              of employees


 Employment type                                                         3,872                        270                        4,142

During the Reporting Period, the Group has been upholding a people-oriented management philosophy and has launched
various caring activities such as staff medical check-ups, staff birthday parties every month, housekeeping services, caring
vehicles, etc. Donations have been raised for employees in difficulties or suffering from illnesses. With the above, the Group
demonstrated love and care to its employees from their work to their lives in hopes of increasing the satisfaction and sense
of belonging of its employees. In order to help families with both parents working with the Group solve the problem of
unattended children during summer vacation, the Group has held 5 consecutive sessions of summer care classes, which
was one of the first batch of “Employee Parent-Child Studios (職工親子工作室)” listed by the Shanghai Federation of Trade
Unions (上海市總工會), and won the title of “Loving Summer Care School of National Trade Union (全國工會愛心暑托班)”.
In order to consolidate (promote) the construction of a gender equality mechanism, solve female employees’ worries about
the work after childbirth, and provide pregnant and breastfeeding female employees with a more comfortable place to rest,
the Group has established a “mother and baby room”, which was awarded the title of “Four-Star Loving Mommy House
(四星級愛心媽咪小屋)” by the Female Workers Committee of the Shanghai Federation of Trade Unions in May 2019.
Nevertheless, due to the challenging and competitive recruitment and retention process in the industry, 599 employees left
the Group’s employ during the Reporting Period (the “Former Employees”), and the relevant information of the Former
Employees is as follows:

Former Employees by age and gender:

                                                                                                                               Total
                             30 and                                                                                       number of
 Classification              below         31–40           41–50       Over 50               Male       Female            employees


 Age                            299           243             46                11             ╱                    ╱               599
 Gender                          ╱             ╱              ╱                 ╱             519                   80              599



                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022           103
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Former Employees by region:

                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                        number of
       Classification      Shanghai      Jiangsu      Wuhan      Sweden   Italy   India     Japan       USA    Malaysia employees


       Region                    317         234            17        2      0       13         0          2         14        599

      Occupational health and safety policies and compliance

      The Group is concerned about the well-being of its employees and is committed to providing a safe, healthy and secure
      working environment for them. The Group complies with the relevant occupational health and safety regulations in the
      regions in which it operates, has formulated a series of management systems including the Management Regulations
      on Occupational Health and Safety (《職業健康安全管理規定》), the Management System for Occupational Health
      Monitoring and Filing (《職業健康監護及檔案管理制度》), the Management Regulations on Labour Protection Articles
      (《勞動防護用品管理規定》), the Management System for Safety Production (《安全生產管理制度》), the Procedures
      for Equipment Operation Safety (《設備安全操作規程》) and the Management System for Shift Handover Safety
      (《交接班安全管理制度》), and has established an occupational health and safety management system that meets the
      requirements of the ISO 45001:2018 standard, and introduced “5S” (i.e. Seiri (sorting), Seiton (rectification), Seisou
      (clearing), Seiketu (cleaning) and Shitsuke (quality)) management activities to standardize work processes, ensure work
      safety, and maintain a harmonious management atmosphere. The Group has established a safety management committee
      and an HSE department, which are specifically responsible for managing issues related to environmental protection
      and safety production. The Group identifies and summarizes risk factors from the aspects of operation area, operation
      content, accident type and possible hazards, and evaluates the risk levels based on the possibility, frequency, consequence
      and degree of danger of these risk factors. According to different risk levels, the Group strictly implements relevant
      management systems to ensure the occupational health and safety of employees during safe operation. At the same time,
      in order to prevent the occurrence of danger, the Group has also clarified the control measures that each responsible
      department needs to take, and formulated emergency plans for prevention and control.

      The Group regularly and irregularly conducts various forms of safety education and training for employees, including safety
      education for those who return to work and are assigned to different positions, safety education for special types of work,
      and daily safety education. The Group requires that employees who have not received safety education, on-the-job training,
      or failed to pass the training and assessment shall not be allowed to work, so as to further ensure the safety of employees
      in the production process. The Group organizes employees to carry out health checkups every year, establishes employee
      health files, and organizes occupational disease checkups for employees of special types of work. For outsiders, the Group
      requires that they must receive safety training and risk prevention introduction before entering the workshop. The Group
      also arranges construction safety training, on-site physical examination, and purchase of insurance for the personnel who
      stay with suppliers. In addition to internal training, the Group hires external lecturers to introduce the latest HSE-related
      policies and requirements every year, and puts forward issues that need special attention or can be improved based on the
      actual situation in the work, thereby effectively improving the safety awareness of employees and the level of corporate
      safety management.

      During the Reporting Period, the Group had 19 work-related accidents, resulting in a total of 804 lost working days. In the
      past three years (including the Reporting Period), the Group recorded 1 work-related fatality, which was caused by gravity
      dumping during the handling of the liquid storage module.




104      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




To further improve the occupational safety environment and prevent the recurrence of similar accidents, the Group
continuously improves and strengthens internal control measures, including (1) neatly arranging equipment and materials
in the workplace and keeping the workplace clean and tidy; (2) adopting more appropriate workflow and operation
regulations, requiring employees to identify risks and hazards during on-site operations, strictly enforcing operation
procedures and eliminating illegal operations; (3) enhancing training on occupational health and safety for employees; and
(4) strengthening inspections by section supervisors and team leaders to eliminate potential hazards in a timely manner.

Human Capital Development and Training Policy

As a valuable asset of the enterprise, employees are vital to the growth and success of the enterprise. The Group has
formulated an effective talent strategy. For details, please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis” in this annual report. The Group has set up a dedicated department, the Training Center, to coordinate training
resources, formulate annual training plans at the company level, and organize various forms of internal and external
training. At the end of each year, the head of each department of the Group will formulate the training plan for the
following year according to the business development needs and organize various training within the department.

The Group not only provides training to its employees in all aspects of business operations, including work safety, sales
and marketing, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, technical skills, product quality and management, but
also provides training related to career development planning to create a learning organization with continuous learning
and growth for all employees with the goal of mutual development of both employees and the Group. In 2018, the Group
established an internal training organization, Morimatsu University, which aims to uphold legacy including corporate culture
and values, transmission of technology, management and business wisdom, cultivate and improve employees’ work skills
and management talents, and grow the Group’s talent pool. In addition to the Group’s internal senior management and
technical staff, Morimatsu University also employs professionals in related fields or professors and lecturers from renowned
universities.

The employee training data is as follows:

                                                                                   Percentage of                   Average
 Employee category                          Gender                             employees trained             training hours


 Employees engaged in production work       Male                                            100%            18.46 hours/person
                                            Female                                          100%            17.24 hours/person
 Employees not engaged in production work   Male                                            100%            17.35 hours/person
                                            Female                                          100%            16.65 hours/person

Labour Practices and Compliance

The Group abides by the applicable laws and regulations on employment, protection of minors, prohibition of child labour
and prohibition of forced labour in the regions where it operates, strengthens communication with employees during
recruitment, entry procedures and daily operation, and strictly verifies the resumes of employees and identity information
to avoid child labour and forced labour. During the Reporting Period, the Group had no incidents of child labour or forced
labour.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022     105
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Supply Chain Management

      The Group has established strict selection and admission criteria for suppliers of raw materials and components, including
      qualifications, scale and facility standards, technical quality, product quality, price, delivery capability, labour conditions
      and employee relations, site management, environmental review and after-sales service, etc. The “Supplier Comprehensive
      Capability Evaluation Form” (《供應商綜合能力評審表》) is prepared and scored according to the scoring criteria. Only
      potential suppliers that meet the Group’s selection criteria are admitted into its qualified suppliers list. The Group has
      entered into framework agreements with some of its better-qualified suppliers and subcontractors for common parts,
      consumables, welding consumables, outsourced processing to establish stable and long-term business relationships.
      According to the purpose and frequency of purchasing materials from suppliers, the Group divides suppliers into three
      categories: suppliers of main materials, suppliers of non-important materials and suppliers of auxiliary materials and
      consumables. For the first two types of suppliers, in addition to the need for review before being included in the list of
      qualified suppliers, the Group will conduct annual assessments for them every year, which focus on the performance of
      these suppliers in terms of environmental protection (including the use of environment friendly products/services), employee
      workplace, employee relations, labour protection, etc. For suppliers who fail to pass the annual assessment, the Group
      will give them a chance to rectify the situation and will organize a re-assessment after the suppliers have completed the
      rectification. If those suppliers fail to pass the re-assessment, the Group will remove them from the list of qualified suppliers.
      For the existing suppliers with which the Group has had no business relationship for a long time, the Group will remove
      them during the annual assessment, and conduct inspections as needed. If necessary, it will also conduct on-site evaluation
      and compile a “Supplier Evaluation Report”. The Group will also sign integrity cooperation agreements with suppliers.

      As at 31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 1,692 suppliers related to production activities, of which
      approximately 1,591 were domestic suppliers and 101 were overseas suppliers. The domestic suppliers include 23 in
      Northeast China, 90 in North China, 1,346 in East China, 43 in South China, 31 in Central China, 32 in Northwest China
      and 26 in Southwest China. Overseas suppliers are located in the USA, Japan, the Federal Republic of Germany, the French
      Republic, Swiss Confederation, Singapore and the United Kingdom.

      Product Responsibility

      The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations applicable to product responsibility, advertising, labeling, and privacy
      protection in the regions where it operates, and the Group’s product quality control system has passed the ISO 9001:2015
      standard certification, and at the same time, the Group has adopted the Plan-Do-Check-Act cycle as its management
      philosophy to continuously improve product quality and product quality control by monitoring and measuring all aspects of
      the production management process through various regular and irregular inspections.

      The products sold by the Group are all non-standard products customized by customers. Thanks to the continuous
      communication with customers during the design, construction and acceptance of projects, the Group did not have any
      recalls of sold or delivered products for safety and health reasons during the Reporting Period. The Group distributes the
      Customer Satisfaction Survey Form to customers every year to collect customer feedback. The assessment satisfaction is
      divided into A, i.e. very satisfied, B, i.e. satisfied, C, i.e. average, D, i.e. relatively dissatisfied, E, i.e. dissatisfied and give up.
      During the Reporting Period, the Group issued a total of 4,472 Customer Satisfaction Survey Forms, of which 74 chose
      give up, and the remaining satisfaction results are: 69.42% chose A, i.e. very satisfied, 29.01% chose B, i.e. satisfied,
      1.18% chose C, i.e. average, and 0.34% chose D, i.e. relatively dissatisfied, and 0.05% chose dissatisfied, and the overall
      customer satisfaction rate was 98.43%. The Group has set up an after-sales service department to receive complaints from
      customers and 18 complaints were received during the Reporting Period in relation to products and services. After receiving
      the complaints from customers, the after-sales service department worked with the relevant departments to discuss the
      substance of the problems, formulate solutions and implement rectification to ensure customer satisfaction. At the same
      time, the Group will determine the responsibility, identify the specific department responsible, formulate preventive and
      corrective measures, and provide training to relevant personnel to prevent the recurrence of the problem.


106       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, there were no incidents of false advertising and misrepresentation in respect of advertising and
labelling by the Group.

Data Protection and Privacy Policies

The Group is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers, employees, partners and suppliers by maintaining a
secure and reliable data retention environment. The Group has designated a Confidentiality Implementation Policy (《保
密工作實施細則》) and a confidentiality working group which is responsible for the daily coordination, supervision and
inspection of confidentiality to ensure the highest standards of data security and protection. The Group’s employees can
only access the relevant confidential information within the scope of their duties and have the obligation and responsibility
to keep such information confidential. The Group’s information management department is responsible for standardizing
the Group’s computer user accounts, passwords and hardware and software configurations to prevent unauthorized access
to confidential information by employees.

During the Reporting Period, all personal and business data collected in the Group’s business activities were properly
collated and protected.

Protection of Intellectual Property Rights

In order to better serve our customers and enhance the competitiveness of our products, the Group attaches great
importance to the development and maintenance of intellectual property rights. The Group has established an intellectual
property rights team, which is composed of dedicated staff and representatives from each research and development
project group. During its business operation, the Group respects the intellectual property rights of other companies or
individuals, and also actively develops and protects the Group’s intellectual property rights through technology exploration
and patent applications.

During the Reporting Period, there was no material infringement of intellectual property rights by the Group and the Group
believes that it has taken all reasonable measures to prevent any infringement of its own intellectual property rights and
those of its third parties.

Anti-corruption policies

The Group is committed to supporting its corporate values by adhering to the highest standards of business ethics, integrity
and fairness in the management of all its businesses. The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations related to
business ethics in the places where it operates, and has formulated integrity management mechanisms such as the Integrity
Agreement (《廉潔協議》), Confidentiality Agreement (《保密協議》), Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Management
System (《反賄賂及反腐敗管理制度》), and Anti-Fraud Management System (《反舞弊管理制度》), requiring all
Directors and employees to abide by ethical rules when engaging in the Group’s business activities and must not request
and receive benefits from, or offer benefits to, customers, contractors, suppliers or persons with whom the Group has
business relationships. To prevent risks related to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, the Group has taken the following
measures:

•      The code of conduct for employees clearly includes the code of conduct related to anti-corruption and anti-bribery.

•      Implement adequate financial controls and strictly comply with segregation of duties and authorization approval
       requirements for payment disbursements.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022    107
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      •       Strengthen controls in non-financial areas such as procurement, operation, sales, human resources, legal and
              regulatory activities. For example, for sales activities, at least two persons are required to participate in bid evaluation
              and signing of sales contracts; for procurement activities, more than two bidders are required to conduct fair and
              transparent bidding before confirming suppliers and signing procurement contracts; and strict registration and
              approval management shall be implemented for activities like offering gifts and business entertainment.

      •       Require business partners to implement anti-bribery control measures, sign integrity agreements with suppliers, and
              require business partners to make anti-bribery commitments.

      •       Sign integrity agreement with employees, and employees are required to regularly report conflicts of interest such
              as external investment.

      •       Regularly conduct education and training on anti-corruption and anti-bribery to raise the awareness of
              anticorruption and anti-bribery compliance among directors and employees.

      •       Conduct regular compliance checks on high-risk projects, activities, business partners, employees in specific
              positions, etc.

      •       Establish reporting hotline, general manager mailbox and audit committee mailbox to encourage employees,
              business partners and other stakeholders to report intended, suspected or actual acts of bribery, and establish a
              reporting process and investigation mechanism.

      During the Reporting Period, the Group had no anti-corruption and anti-corruption related litigation cases and there were
      no improper business practices in the Group’s business activities.




108       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Community investment

The Group actively participates in community construction and social welfare, and strives to build a harmonious relationship
with the community to achieve the harmonious development of the enterprise and the community. In China, the Group,
East China University of Science and Technology and Zhengzhou University have set up the “Morimatsu Class”, which
not only provides scholarships and corporate internship opportunities for the students of the “Morimatsu Class”, but
also sends experienced engineers to give lectures, and share cutting-edge technologies and industry development trends,
striving to break through the academic and professional barriers of colleges and universities, and cultivate cross-sector
talents who are proficient in interdisciplinary knowledge for the entire industry; the Group cooperates with Shanghai
Jiaotong University, East China University of Science and Technology and other colleges and universities for research and
development, to, on the one hand, provide a practical platform for theoretical research and technical practice in colleges
and universities, and, on the other hand, improve the research and development capabilities and efficiency of the Group,
optimize the design of pressure equipment, improve product quality, and maintain a competitive advantage; the Group
provides student internship positions to Shanghai Jiaotong University, East China University of Science and Technology,
University of Shanghai for Science and Technology and Nanjing Tech University, providing training opportunities for college
students to practice theories. In Japan, the Group donated JPY3 million to Kyoto University, JPY5 million to Tokyo University
of Agriculture and Technology, JPY7 million to Yamaguchi University, JPY3 million to Tohoku University, JPY1 million for
Osaka Metropolitan University, and JPY0.5 million to Kagoshima University, all of which were used for the development and
application of related technologies in the fields of new materials, advanced industrial equipment and bio-engineering. In
order to give back to the society, the Group actively participated in the action of Hundreds of Enterprises and Hundreds of
Villages Together on the Road to Revitalization (百企聯百村 共走振興路) organized by the Rural Work Leading Group of
Rugao Committee of the Communist Party of China, Jiangsu Province, and donated RMB30,000 and 200 trash cans worth
approximately RMB24,100 to Tianwang Village; during the lockdown period in Shanghai, the Group donated RMB10,000
to the Shanghai Charity Foundation; the Group donated USD6,000 to the United Way Foundation of Metropolitan Dallas.
In addition, the Group actively participated in the charity sales organized by Shanghai Qingcongquan Children’s Intelligence
Training Center (上海青聰泉兒童智能訓練中心) to support its rehabilitation training for autistic children.

The Group also encourages its staff to participate in social welfare and charitable activities in their spare time to contribute
to the community with their own strengths. In addition, the Group will continue to look for opportunities to contribute to
charitable donations or community activities to help promote and strengthen community development.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   109
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX (“KPI”) REFERENCE TABLE

      Reference KPI of the ESG Guide                       Corresponding KPIs in the sections of the Report
      A. ENVIRONMENTAL
      A1: Emissions                                        Emissions Policies and Compliance
                                                              Waste water discharge
                                                              Waste gas emission
                                                              Dust
                                                              Noise
                                                              Waste
                                                              GHG emissions
      A2: Use of Resources                                 Electricity resources
                                                           Water resources
                                                           Paper resources
                                                           Packaging materials
                                                           Oil and gas resources
      A3: Environmental and natural                       Environmental and natural resources
           resources
      A4: Climate Change                                   Climate change
      B. Social
      Employment and Labour Practices
      B1: Employment                                       Employment policy and employee care
      B2: Health and Safety                                Occupational health and safety policies and compliance
      B3: Development and Training                         Human capital development and training policy
      B4: Labour Standards                                 Labour practices and compliance
      Operating Practices
      B5: Supply Chain Management                          Supply chain management
      B6: Product Responsibility                           Product responsibility
                                                           Data protection and privacy policies
                                                           Protection of intellectual property rights
      B7: Anti-corruption                                  Anti-corruption policies
      Community
      B8: Community Investment                             Community investment




110     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Independent Auditor’s Report


Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited (“the
Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 118 to 217, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary
of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2022 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   111
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS

      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.

      Revenue recognition

      Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 151 to 154 (Note 1(v)).

      The Key Audit Matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit


      The principal activities of the Group are the production and   Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of revenue
      sales of various pressure equipment.                           on sales of pressure equipment and related service included
                                                                     the following:
      The Group designs and manufactures the pressure
      equipment in accordance with the customer’s specification      •      obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
      which does not have an alternative use to the Group.                  design, implementation and operating effectiveness
                                                                            of key internal controls in relation to revenue
      Revenue is recognised when a performance obligation                   recognition;
      is satisfied i.e. when “control” of the goods or services
      underlying the performance obligation is transferred to the    •      inspecting key customer contracts to identify
      customer.                                                             performance obligations and terms and conditions
                                                                            relating to goods acceptance and the right of return
      For contracts which the Group has a right to be paid                  in order to assess the Group’s revenue recognition
      for work done to date in the event a customer decides                 policies with reference to the requirements of the
      to cancel the contract before the contract was fully                  prevailing accounting standards;
      completed, revenue arising from the contract, and a
      corresponding contract asset are recognised progressively      •      for contracts which the Group has a right to be paid
      over time. Contract costs are recognised when work is                 for work done to date,
      performed, together with any provisions for expected
      contract losses. The recognition of revenue and profit                —      inspecting the terms of customer contracts,
      relies on management’s estimate of the final outcome of                      on a sample basis, to evaluate whether
      each contract, which involves the exercise of significant                    criteria for recognising revenue over time is
      management judgement, particularly in forecasting the                        met;
      costs to complete a contract, in valuing contract variations
      and in estimating the adequacy of provision of onerous
      contracts.




112      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Revenue recognition (Continued)

Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 151 to 154 (Note 1(v)).

The Key Audit Matter                                            How the matter was addressed in our audit
For the sale of customised pressurised equipment that                —      discussing with management the
the Group does not have the right to be paid for work                       performance of the major contracts in
performed to date, revenue is recognised at a point in time                 progress which revenue was recognised
when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or                   over time during the year and challenging
service. As such, revenue is recognised when the customer                   the key assumptions adopted in the forecast
takes possession of and accepts the products.                               of contract costs, including estimated costs
                                                                            of completion, the recognition of variation
The progress towards complete satisfaction of a                             orders and the adequacy of provision of
performance obligation is mainly measured based on cost-                    onerous contracts, by comparing with
to-cost method, based on the proportion of the actual costs                 contract agreements and sub-contracts,
incurred relative to the estimated total costs.                             confirmations from and correspondence with
                                                                            customers regarding contract variations and
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter                     claims;
because revenue is one of the key performance indicators
of the Group and therefore there may be an incentive for             —      obtaining a detailed breakdown of the
management to advance or delay the timing of revenue                        total estimated costs to completion for
recognition to the incorrect accounting period to meet                      major contracts in progress which revenue
performance expectations or targets. It is also because there               was recognised over time during the year
are a variety of contract terms regarding the Group’s sales                 and comparing, on a sample basis, actual
of pressure equipment and provision of related service and                  costs incurred to-date and cost estimates to
the determination whether revenue should be recognised                      agreements, certifications or correspondence
over time or at a point of time involves significant                        with subcontractors and suppliers and other
judgement, especially for the revenue recognized over time.                 documentation referred to by management
In particular, for contracts which the Group has a right to                 in the assessment of the estimated costs to
be paid for work done to date the estimation of total costs                 completion;
to complete contracts is inherently subjective and requires
significant management judgement and estimation.                     —      on sample basis, re-performing the
                                                                            calculation of the revenue recognised over
                                                                            time for the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                            based on the Group’s revenue recognition
                                                                            policies;




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   113
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 151 to 154 (Note 1(v)).

      The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit
                                                                    •      for contracts which the Group does not have a right
                                                                           to be paid for work done to date,

                                                                           —      comparing, on a sample basis, revenue
                                                                                  transactions recorded during the year with
                                                                                  goods acceptance notes, invoices, sales
                                                                                  contracts and other underlying documents
                                                                                  to assess whether the related revenue was
                                                                                  recognised in accordance with the Group’s
                                                                                  revenue recognition accounting policies;

                                                                           —      comparing, on a sample basis, specific
                                                                                  revenue transactions recorded before and
                                                                                  after the financial year end date with the
                                                                                  underlying goods delivery and acceptance
                                                                                  notes to assess whether the related revenue
                                                                                  had been recognised in accordance with the
                                                                                  terms of the sales contracts and in the correct
                                                                                  financial period; and

                                                                           —      obtaining confirmation from customers
                                                                                  directly of, on a sample basis, total contract
                                                                                  amount, accumulated invoiced amount,
                                                                                  accumulated received payments and
                                                                                  accumulated amount of goods delivered
                                                                                  during the financial year.




114      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report




INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This
report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   115
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS (Continued)

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:

      •       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
              or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
              and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
              fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
              misrepresentations or the override of internal control.

      •       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
              appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
              Group’s internal control.

      •       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
              related disclosures made by the directors.

      •       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
              the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
              significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
              exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
              financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
              audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
              Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
              disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
              a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
              within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
              direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




116       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yue Tat Wai.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
22 March 2023




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   117
      Consolidated statement of profit or loss


                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       Note                    2022             2021
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                            (restated)
                                                                                                                                (Note)


       Revenue                                                                           3                  6,486,277                   4,286,222
       Cost of sales                                                                                       (4,692,891)                 (3,102,639)


       Gross profit                                                                                         1,793,386                  1,183,583

       Other (loss)/income                                                               4                       (701)                       5,876
       Selling and marketing expenses                                                                        (184,460)                   (106,559)
       General and administrative expenses                                                                   (510,448)                   (381,500)
       Research and development expenses                                                                     (316,084)                   (226,628)
       Impairment loss on trade receivables and contract assets                        29(a)                     (100)                      (2,803)


       Profit from operations                                                                                 781,593                     471,969

       Finance costs                                                                    5(a)                   (15,951)                   (22,794)
       Shares of results of associates                                                  14                          (2)                        —
       Shares of results of joint venture                                               15                      (4,723)                       (32)


       Profit before taxation                                                            5                    760,917                     449,143

       Income tax                                                                       6(a)                   (94,735)                   (67,305)


       Profit for the year                                                                                    666,182                     381,838


       Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                     669,266                     381,838
       Non-controlling interests                                                         13                    (3,084)                         —


       Profit for the year                                                                                    666,182                     381,838


       Earnings per share                                                                9
       Basic (RMB)                                                                                                 0.64                       0.43
       Diluted (RMB)                                                                                               0.58                       0.38

      Note:   The Group has restated the comparative information as a result of the business combination under common control as set out in Note 1(c).




      The notes on pages 125 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


118       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                          Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                        Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 Note                    2022             2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (restated)
                                                                                                                          (Note)


 Profit for the year                                                                                    666,182                     381,838


 Other comprehensive income for the year
 Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
    the Company                                                                                               615                     (5,625)

 Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
    subsidiaries outside mainland China                                                                    (1,348)                    (4,578)


 Other comprehensive income for the year                                                                     (733)                  (10,203)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                665,449                     371,635


 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                                     668,533                     371,635
 Non-controlling interests                                                         13                    (3,084)                         —


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                665,449                     371,635

Note:   The Group has restated the comparative information as a result of the business combination under common control as set out in Note 1(c).




The notes on pages 125 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       119
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                       Note                     2022               2021
                                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                               (restated)
                                                                                                                                   (Note)


       Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                                     10                 1,609,565                  1,227,021
       Right-of-use assets                                                               11                   198,888                    106,758
       Intangible assets                                                                 12                    31,079                     33,702
       Interests in associates                                                           14                    20,016                         —
       Interest in joint venture                                                         15                     6,155                     10,878
       Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
          (“FVPL”)                                                                     29(e)                   10,000                          —
       Deferred tax assets                                                             24(b)                    7,120                          —
       Other non-current assets                                                         16                    243,212                      15,975


                                                                                                            2,126,035                  1,394,334


       Current assets
       Inventories                                                                      17                  2,213,728                  1,229,633
       Contract assets                                                                 18(a)                  830,927                    609,515
       Trade and other receivables                                                      19                  1,165,785                    921,456
       Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
          (“FVPL”)                                                                     29(e)                  253,748                        695
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                        20                  1,370,359                  1,548,875


                                                                                                            5,834,547                  4,310,174


       Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                                         21                  1,633,543                  1,094,663
       Contract liabilities                                                            18(b)                2,890,048                  2,171,901
       Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
          (“FVPL”)                                                                     29(e)                    1,240                          —
       Interest-bearing borrowings                                                      22                    254,599                     370,002
       Lease liabilities                                                                23                      6,059                       2,528
       Current taxation                                                                24(a)                   68,467                      33,881
       Provisions                                                                       25                     25,450                      17,362


                                                                                                            4,879,406                  3,690,337


       Net current assets                                                                                     955,141                     619,837


       Total assets less current liabilities                                                                3,081,176                  2,014,171

      Note:   The Group has restated the comparative information as a result of the business combination under common control as set out in Note 1(c).


      The notes on pages 125 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


120       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position




                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                 Note                     2022               2021
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                         (restated)
                                                                                                                             (Note)


 Non-current liabilities
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                                      22                    189,634                           —
 Lease liabilities                                                                23                     17,104                        1,883
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                        24(b)                    9,358                        4,126
 Deferred income                                                                  26                     42,434                          353


                                                                                                        258,530                        6,362


 Net assets                                                                                           2,822,646                  2,007,809


 Capital and reserves                                                              28
 Share capital                                                                                          643,657                    571,769
 Reserves                                                                                             2,172,073                  1,436,040


 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                      2,815,730                  2,007,809


 Non-controlling interests                                                         13                       6,916                          —


 Total equity                                                                                         2,822,646                  2,007,809

Note:   The Group has restated the comparative information as a result of the business combination under common control as set out in Note 1(c).


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 22 March 2023.

                                                   )
                                                   )
Weihua Tang                                        )
                                                   )    Directors
                                                   )
Kawashima Hirotaka                                 )
                                                   )




The notes on pages 125 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      121
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


                                                                                  Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                   PRC                                               Non-
                                                           Share     Treasury        Capital       Other     statutory     Exchange      Retained        Total controlling       Total
                                             Note         capital        stock      reserve      reserve       reserve       reserve     earnings       equity    interest      equity
                                                         RMB'000      RMB'000       RMB'000      RMB'000       RMB'000       RMB'000      RMB'000      RMB’000    RMB'000      RMB’000
                                                        Note 28(b)   Note 28(b)    Note 28(f)   Note 28(g)    Note 28(d)    Note 28(c)


       Balance at 31 December 2021
           and 1 January 2022 as
           restated                                      571,769            —       500,692        8,837        37,871        (7,028)     895,668     2,007,809         —     2,007,809


       Profit for the year                                     —            —             —            —             —             —      669,266      669,266      (3,084)    666,182
       Other comprehensive income for the
             year                                              —            —             —            —             —          (733)           —         (733)         —         (733)


       Total comprehensive income for the
             year                                              —            —             —            —             —          (733)     669,266      668,533      (3,084)    665,449


       Appropriation to PRC statutory
             reserve                                           —            —             —            —         4,299             —        (4,299)          —          —            —
       Investment from non-controlling
             shareholder                                       —            —            —             —             —             —            —           —       10,000      10,000
       Equity settled share-based payment     27               —            —       139,387            —             —             —            —      139,387          —      139,387
       Issuance of ordinary shares to the
             Company                        28(b)(i)      36,581      (36,581)           —             —             —             —            —            —          —            —
       Exercise of share option             28(b)(ii)     35,307            1       (35,307)           —             —             —            —            1          —            1


       Balance at 31 December 2022                       643,657      (36,580)      604,772        8,837        42,170        (7,761)    1,560,635    2,815,730      6,916    2,822,646




      The notes on pages 125 to 217 from part of these financial statements.


122       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity




                                                                 Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                       Share      Capital        Other PRC statutory         Exchange     Retained         Total
                                            Note      capital     reserve       reserve      reserve           reserve     earnings       equity
                                                    RMB'000      RMB'000      RMB'000     RMB'000            RMB'000      RMB'000       RMB’000
                                                   Note 28(b)   Note 28(f)   Note 28(g)  Note 28(d)         Note 28(c)


 Balance at 31 December 2020
    and 1 January 2021                                   173     433,141             —          31,381          3,175      530,442      998,312


 Adjustments arising from adoption of
     merger accounting                                    —           —           8,837             —              —        (10,122)      (1,285)
 As restated (Note)                                      173     433,141          8,837         31,381          3,175      520,320      997,027


 Profit for the year (restated)                           —            —             —               —                —    381,838      381,838
 Other comprehensive income for the
     year (restated)                                      —            —             —               —        (10,203)           —       (10,203)


 Total comprehensive income for the
     year (restated)                                      —            —             —               —        (10,203)     381,838      371,635


 Appropriation to PRC statutory reserve                   —            —             —           6,490                —     (6,490)            —
 Issuance of ordinary shares upon initial
     public offering                        27       571,596          —              —               —                —          —      571,596
 Equity-settled share-based payment         27            —       67,551             —               —                —          —       67,551


 Balance at 31 December 2021
    (restated)                                       571,769     500,692          8,837         37,871          (7,028)    895,668     2,007,809

Note:    The Group has restated the comparative information as a result of the business combination under common control as set out in Note 1(c).




The notes on pages 125 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022        123
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       Note                    2022             2021
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                            (restated)
                                                                                                                                (Note)


       Operating activities:
       Cash generated from operations                                                                         967,183                  1,211,601
       Income tax paid                                                                 24(a)                  (62,037)                   (36,535)


       Net cash generated from operating activities                                    20(b)                  905,146                  1,175,066


       Investing activities:
       Payment for the purchase of long-term assets                                                          (867,054)                   (443,462)
       Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and
          intangible assets                                                                                     1,124                         819
       Cash paid for acquisition of subsidiary                                                                 (8,187)                         —
       Cash receivable from acquisition of subsidiary                                                           7,120                          —
       Payment for an equity method investment                                                                (30,018)                    (10,910)
       Payment for the purchase of monetary fund                                                             (252,800)                         —
       Proceeds from disposal of monetary fund                                                                  8,627                          —
       Net cash payment for settlement of forward exchange contracts                                          (22,772)                      3,299
       Interest received                                                                                       15,259                       2,123


       Net cash used in investing activities                                                               (1,148,701)                   (448,131)


       Financing activities:
       Capital element of lease rentals paid                                           20(c)                   (7,149)                       (2,078)
       Proceeds from bank loans                                                        20(c)                  430,922                     482,333
       Repayment of bank loans                                                         20(c)                 (363,481)                   (554,066)
       Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                                1                     571,596
       Cash received from non-controlling shareholder                                                          10,000                            —
       Interest element of lease rentals paid                                          20(c)                     (538)                         (111)
       Interest paid                                                                   20(c)                  (12,705)                    (22,683)
       Dividend paid                                                                                               —                       (30,000)


       Net cash generated from financing activities                                                             57,050                    444,991


       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
         equivalents                                                                                              7,989                   (50,172)


       Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                  (178,516)                 1,121,754
       Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                               1,548,875                    427,121


       Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                                             1,370,359                  1,548,875

      Note:   The Group has restated the comparative information as a result of the business combination under common control as set out in Note 1(c).


      The notes on pages 125 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


124       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


1   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards (HKFRSs), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (HKASs) and Interpretations issued by the Hong
          Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong
          Kong and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also
          comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
          Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Significant accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

          The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early
          adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(d) provides information on any changes
          in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are
          relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these financial statements.

    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 comprise the Company and its
          subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in associates and a joint venture.

          Items included in the financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency that
          best reflects the economic substance of the underlying events and circumstances relevant to the entity (the
          “Functional Currency”). The financial statements is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), rounded to the
          nearest thousand except for earnings per share information.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except
          for the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set
          out below:

          —      Investment in unlisted equity securities(Note 1(g)(ii));

          —      Monetary fund (Note 1(g)(i)); and

          —      Forward exchange contracts (Note 1(h)).

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make
          judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of
          assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
          experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
          of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
          readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022    125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (b)	Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)

                    The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
                    estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
                    or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

                    Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the financial
                    statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2.

            (c)     Merger accounting and restatements

                    On 28 February 2022, Pharmadule Morimatsu AB, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
                    entered into a share acquisition agreement to acquire the entire issued shares of common stock of
                    Morimatsu Houston Corporation from Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd., the parent company of the Company,
                    for a consideration of USD1,295,000.

                    Prior to and after the reorganisation and the acquisition, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
                    “Group”) and Morimatsu Houston Corporation were all under the common control of Morimatsu Holdings
                    Co., Ltd.. The control is not transitory and, consequently, there was a continuation of risks and benefits to
                    Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.. Accordingly, the reorganisation and acquisition is treated as a combination of
                    businesses under common control, and Accounting Guideline 5 (“AG5”), Merger Accounting for Common
                    Control Combinations, issued by HKICPA has been applied. The consolidated financial statements of the
                    Group have been therefore prepared using the merger basis of accounting as if the current group structure
                    had been in existence throughout the periods presented. The net assets of Morimatsu Houston Corporation
                    have been consolidated using the existing book values from the perspective of Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd..

                    Comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the entities or businesses
                    had been combined at the beginning of the comparative period unless the combining entities or businesses
                    first came under common control at a later date.

                    The consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                    comprehensive income include the results of combining entities or businesses from the earliest date
                    presented or since the date when the combining entities or businesses first came under the common control,
                    where this is a shorter period, regardless of the date of the common control combination. The consolidated
                    statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                    income also take into account the profit or loss attributable to the non-controlling interest recorded in
                    the consolidated financial statements of the controlling party. The effects of all transactions between
                    the combining entities or businesses, whether occurring before or after the common combination, are
                    eliminated. The opening balance at 1 January 2021 have been restated, with consequential adjustments to
                    comparatives for the year ended 31 December 2021.




126     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (c)   Merger accounting and restatements (Continued)

          A uniform set of accounting policies is adopted when preparing the consolidated financial statements.

          The effects of the application of merger accounting on the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the
          year ended 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                               For the year
                                                                     ended Adjustments                For the year
                                                              31 December         for the                   ended
                                                                      2021 combination               31 December
                                                              as previously using merger                      2021
                                                     Note         reported    accounting               as restated
                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000                  RMB’000


           Revenue                                     3            4,278,847              7,375         4,286,222
           Cost of sales                                           (3,102,476)              (163)       (3,102,639)


           Gross profit                                             1,176,371              7,212         1,183,583

           Other income                                4                4,832              1,044             5,876
           Selling and marketing expenses                            (106,507)                (52)        (106,559)
           General and administrative expenses                       (374,620)            (6,880)         (381,500)
           Research and development expenses                         (226,628)                 —          (226,628)
           Impairment losses on trade receivables
             and contract assets                                        (2,803)               —              (2,803)


           Profit from operations                                     470,645              1,324           471,969

           Finance costs                              5(a)            (22,789)                (5)           (22,794)
           Shares of results of joint venture                             (32)                —                  (32)


           Profit before taxation                      5              447,824              1,319           449,143
           Income tax                                 6(a)            (67,272)               (33)          (67,305)


           Profit for the year                                        380,552              1,286           381,838


           Attributable to:
           Equity shareholders of the Company                         380,552              1,286           381,838


           Profit for the year                                        380,552              1,286           381,838


           Earnings per share                          9
           Basic (RMB)                                                    0.43                —                0.43


           Diluted (RMB)                                                  0.38                —                0.38




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022      127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (c)     Merger accounting and restatements (Continued)

                                                                               For the year
                                                                                     ended Adjustments        For the year
                                                                              31 December         for the           ended
                                                                                      2021 combination       31 December
                                                                              as previously using merger              2021
                                                                                  reported    accounting       as restated
                                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


                      Profit for the year                                          380,552          1,286          381,838


                      Other comprehensive income for the year
                      Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
                      Exchange differences on translation of financial
                         statements of the Company                                   (5,625)           —            (5,625)
                      Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit
                         or loss:
                      Exchange differences on translation of financial
                         statements of subsidiaries outside mainland
                         China                                                       (4,094)         (484)          (4,578)


                      Other comprehensive income for the year                        (9,719)         (484)         (10,203)


                      Total comprehensive income for the year                      370,833           802           371,635


                      Attributable to:
                      Equity shareholders of the Company                           370,833           802           371,635


                      Total comprehensive income for the year                      370,833           802           371,635




128     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (c)   Merger accounting and restatements (Continued)

          The effects of the application of merger accounting on the consolidated statement of financial position as at
          31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                                       As at Adjustments
                                                               31 December          for the                   As at
                                                                        2021  combination             31 December
                                                               as previously using merger                      2021
                                                      Note          reported    accounting              as restated
                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Non-current assets
           Property, plant and equipment               10            1,226,951                 70         1,227,021
           Right-of-use assets                         11              106,225                533           106,758
           Intangible assets                                            33,702                 —             33,702
           Interest in joint venture                                    10,878                 —             10,878
           Other non-current assets                                     15,967                  8            15,975


                                                                     1,393,723                611         1,394,334


           Current assets
           Inventories                                               1,229,633                 —          1,229,633
           Contract assets                                             609,515                 —            609,515
           Trade and other receivables                 19              916,679              4,777           921,456
           Financial assets measured at fair value
              through profit or loss (“FVPL”)                              695                 —                695
           Cash and cash equivalents                   20            1,545,079              3,796         1,548,875


                                                                     4,301,601              8,573         4,310,174


           Current liabilities
           Trade and other payables                    21            1,085,560              9,103         1,094,663
           Contract liabilities                                      2,171,901                 —          2,171,901
           Interest-bearing borrowings                                 370,002                 —            370,002
           Lease liabilities                           23                2,338                190             2,528
           Current taxation                           24(a)             33,854                 27            33,881
           Provisions                                                   17,362                 —             17,362


                                                                     3,681,017              9,320         3,690,337


           Net current assets                                          620,584                (747)         619,837


           Total assets less current
             liabilities                                             2,014,307                (136)       2,014,171



                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022       129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (c)     Merger accounting and restatements (Continued)

                                                                           As at Adjustments
                                                                   31 December         for the            As at
                                                                            2021 combination      31 December
                                                                   as previously using merger              2021
                                                            Note        reported   accounting       as restated
                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


                      Non-current liabilities
                      Lease liabilities                     23            1,536           347             1,883
                      Deferred tax liabilities                            4,126            —              4,126
                      Deferred income                                       353            —                353


                                                                          6,015           347             6,362


                      Net assets                                       2,008,292          (483)       2,007,809


                      Capital and reserves
                      Share capital                                      571,769            —           571,769
                      Reserves                                         1,436,523          (483)       1,436,040


                      Total equity attributable to equity
                        shareholders of the Company                    2,008,292          (483)       2,007,809
                      Non-controlling interests                               —             —                —


                      Total equity                                     2,008,292          (483)       2,007,809




130     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (c)   Merger accounting and restatements (Continued)

          The effects of the application of merger accounting on the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
          ended 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                                For the year
                                                                      ended Adjustments               For the year
                                                               31 December         for the                  ended
                                                                       2021 combination              31 December
                                                               as previously using merger                     2021
                                                                   reported    accounting              as restated
                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Operating activities:
           Cash generated from operations                           1,210,247              1,354          1,211,601
           Income tax paid                                            (36,529)                 (6)           (36,535)


           Net cash generated from
            operating activities                                    1,173,718              1,348          1,175,066


           Investing activities:
           Payment for the purchase of property,
             plant and equipment                                      (443,462)                —           (443,462)
           Proceeds from sale of property, plant
             and equipment and intangible assets                           819                 —                 819
           Payment for an equity method
             investment                                                (10,910)                —             (10,910)
           Cash received from disposal of financial
             assets measured at FVPL                                     3,299                 —               3,299
           Interest received                                             2,123                 —               2,123


           Net cash used in investing
            activities                                                (448,131)                —           (448,131)




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022     131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (c)     Merger accounting and restatements (Continued)

                                                                         For the year
                                                                               ended Adjustments        For the year
                                                                        31 December         for the           ended
                                                                                2021 combination       31 December
                                                                        as previously using merger              2021
                                                                Note        reported    accounting       as restated
                                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


                      Financing activities:
                      Capital element of lease rentals paid                     (2,016)         (62)           (2,078)
                      Proceeds from bank loans                                482,333            —           482,333
                      Repayment of bank loans                                (554,066)           —          (554,066)
                      Proceeds from issue of shares                           571,596            —           571,596
                      Interest element of lease rentals paid    20(c)             (106)          (5)             (111)
                      Interest paid                                           (22,683)           —           (22,683)
                      Dividend paid                                           (30,000)           —           (30,000)


                      Net cash generated from
                       financing activities                                  445,058            (67)         444,991


                      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes
                        on cash and cash equivalents                          (49,994)         (178)         (50,172)


                      Net increase in cash and cash
                        equivalents                                         1,120,651         1,103        1,121,754
                      Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                  424,428         2,693          427,121


                      Cash and cash equivalents at
                        31 December                                         1,545,079         3,796        1,548,875




132     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (d)   Changes in accounting policies

          The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to these financial
          statements for the current accounting period:

          •      Amendments to HKAS 16, Property, plant and equipment: Proceeds before intended use

          •      Amendments to HKAS 37, Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets: Onerous contracts
                 — cost of fulfilling a contract

          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
          accounting period. The adoption of these accounting policies did not have significant impact on the financial
          statements.

    (e)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has
          rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
          through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights
          (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

          An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that
          control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows
          and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the
          consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in
          the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

          Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the
          Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those
          interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those
          interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect
          to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
          share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

          Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
          separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests
          in the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
          the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total
          profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the
          equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other contractual
          obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of
          financial position in accordance with Notes 1(q) or (r) depending on the nature of the liability.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (e)	Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

                    Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for
                    as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling
                    interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made
                    to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.

                    When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
                    subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
                    subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the
                    fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 1(g)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial
                    recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture (see Note 1(f)).

                    In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                    impairment losses (see Note 1(l)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal
                    group that is classified as held for sale).

            (f)     Associates and joint ventures

                    An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint
                    control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

                    A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or Company and other parties contractually agree to
                    share control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

                    An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements
                    under the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
                    classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for
                    any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets
                    over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost of the investment includes purchase price, other costs
                    directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and any direct investment into the associate or
                    joint venture that forms part of the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the
                    post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and any impairment loss relating to
                    the investment (see Note 1(l)(ii)). At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any objective
                    evidence that the investment is impaired. Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the
                    post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in
                    the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items
                    of the investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                    and other comprehensive income.




134     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (f)	Associates and joint ventures (Continued)

          When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s
          interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group
          has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose,
          the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any
          other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the
          joint venture.

          Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint
          venture are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses
          provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately
          in profit or loss.

          If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest
          is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

          In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control
          over a joint venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting
          gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when
          significant influence or joint control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair
          value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 1(g)).

    (g)   Other investments in debt and equity securities

          The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity securities, other than investments in subsidiaries,
          associates and joint ventures, are set out below.

          Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits
          to purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable
          transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) for which
          transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the group determines fair
          value of financial instruments, see Note 29(e). These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows,
          depending on their classification.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (g)	Other investments in debt and equity securities (Continued)

                    (i)      Investments other than equity investments

                             Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement
                             categories:

                             —        amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
                                      represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is
                                      calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 1(v)(iv)).

                             —        fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) — recycling, if the contractual cash
                                      flows of the investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the investment
                                      is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of
                                      contractual cash flows and sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive
                                      income, except for the recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income
                                      (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When
                                      the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is
                                      recycled from equity to profit or loss.

                             —        fair value at profit or loss (FVPL) if the investment does not meet the criteria for being
                                      measured at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment
                                      (including interest) are recognised in profit or loss.

                    (ii)     Equity investments

                             An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not held for
                             trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the group makes an irrevocable election
                             to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are
                             recognised in other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument
                             basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s
                             perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive
                             income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the
                             time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to
                             retained earnings. It is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity
                             securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as
                             other income in accordance with the policy set out in Note 1(v)(iii).




136     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (h)   Derivative financial instruments

          Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value
          is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

    (i)   Property, plant and equipment

          The following items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost
          less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see Note 1(l)(ii)):

          —      right-of-use assets arising from leases over leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered
                 owner of the property interest; and

          —      items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant
                 and equipment (see Note 1(k)).

          The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials, direct
          labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring
          the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and borrowing
          costs (see Note 1(x)).

          Items may be produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the location and
          condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. The proceeds
          from selling any such items and the related costs are recognised in profit or loss.

          Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
          determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and
          are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
          residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

          —      Plant and buildings                                                                             20 years
          —      Machinery and equipment                                                                         10 years
          —      Office and other equipment                                                                     3–5 years
          —      Motor vehicles                                                                                   4 years

          Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
          allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful
          life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

          Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and equipment
          pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses (see Note 1(l)(ii)).




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (i)	Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                    Capitalisation of construction in progress costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to
                    property, plant and equipment when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
                    intended use are completed.

                    No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress until it is substantially completed and ready
                    for its intended use.

            (j)     Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

                    Intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the
                    estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see Note 1(l)(ii)).

                    Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis
                    over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised
                    from the date they are available for use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:

                    —        Design software and Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) software                             10 years
                    —        Office administrative software                                                               3–5 years
                    —        Patents and trademarks                                                                         5 years

                    Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.

                    Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion
                    that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and
                    circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the
                    change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date
                    of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives as set out
                    above.




138     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (k)   Leased assets

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
          contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
          in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use
          of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

          (i)    As a lessee

                 Where the contract contains lease components and non-lease components, the Group has elected
                 not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated
                 non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                 At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                 except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value
                 assets which, for the Group are primarily laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters
                 into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a
                 lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are
                 recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                 Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                 payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if
                 that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial
                 recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using
                 the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are
                 not included in the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the
                 accounting period in which they are incurred.

                 The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                 comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the
                 commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the
                 right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or
                 to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less
                 any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated
                 depreciation and impairment losses (see Notes 1(i) and 1(l)(ii)), except for the following types of
                 right-of-use asset:

                 —       right-of-use assets related to leasehold land and buildings where the Group is the registered
                         owner of the leasehold interest are carried at fair value in accordance with Note 1(h); and

                 —       right-of-use assets related to interests in leasehold land where the interest in the land is held
                         as inventory are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value in accordance with Note
                         1(l).




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022    139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (k)	Leased assets (Continued)

                    (i)	As a lessee (Continued)

                             The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for separately from the right-of-use
                             assets in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to investments in debt securities carried at
                             amortised cost (see Notes 1(g)(i), 1(v)(ii) and 1(l)(i)). Any difference between the initial fair value and
                             the nominal value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made and is included
                             in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                             Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of right-of-use assets, using the
                             straight-line method over the unexpired term of lease.

                             The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                             change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected
                             to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment
                             of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination
                             option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the
                             carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the
                             right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                             The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the
                             consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease
                             modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is
                             remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the
                             effective date of the modification. The only exceptions are rent concessions that occurred as a direct
                             consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and met the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of HKFRS
                             16 Leases. In such cases, the Group has taken advantage of the practical expedient not to assess
                             whether the rent concessions are lease modifications, and recognised the change in consideration as
                             negative variable lease payments in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that
                             triggers the rent concessions occurred.

                             In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                             is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                             months after the reporting period.




140     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (k)	Leased assets (Continued)

          (ii)   As a lessor

                 When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease
                 or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
                 rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the
                 lease is classified as an operating lease.

                 When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
                 the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from
                 operating leases is recognised in accordance with Note 1(v)(ii).

                 When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an
                 operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease
                 is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in Note 1(l)(i), then the
                 Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

    (l)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

          (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables

                 The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on the following items:

                 —       financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and
                         other receivables, which are held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent
                         solely payments of principal and interest);

                 —       contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see Note 1(n)); and

                 —       lease receivables

                 Other financial assets measured at fair value, including equity and debt securities measured at FVPL,
                 and derivative financial assets, are not subject to the ECL assessment.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022     141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (l)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                    (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                         (Continued)

                             Measurement of ECLs

                             ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                             value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in
                             accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                             The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of
                             discounting is material:

                             —        fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest
                                      rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                             —        variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

                             —        lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable;

                             The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                             which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                             In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that
                             is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current
                             conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                             ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                             —        12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events
                                      within the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                             —        lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over
                                      the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                             Loss allowances for trade receivables, lease receivables and contract assets are always measured at
                             an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision
                             matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to
                             the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the
                             reporting date.

                             For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs
                             unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial
                             recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




142     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (l)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

         (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
              (Continued)

              Significant increases in credit risk

              In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
              recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at
              the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment,
              the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit
              obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security
              (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers both quantitative
              and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
              forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

              In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
              increased significantly since initial recognition:

              —      failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

              —      an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal
                     credit rating (if available);

              —      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

              —      existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                     have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

              Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
              credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is
              performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk
              characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

              ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
              since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss
              in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with
              a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for
              investments in debt securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss allowance is
              recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve (recycling).




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (l)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                    (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                         (Continued)

                             Basis of calculation of interest income

                             Interest income recognised in accordance with Note 1(v)(iv) is calculated based on the gross carrying
                             amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest
                             income is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance)
                             of the financial asset.

                             At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                             asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                             future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                             Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                             —        significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                             —        a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                             —        it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                                      reorganisation;

                             —        significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an
                                      adverse effect on the debtor; or

                             —        the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the
                                      issuer.

                             Write-off policy

                             The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off (either
                             partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case
                             when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could
                             generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                             Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                             impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




144     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (l)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

         (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to
                identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an
                impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

                —      property, plant and equipment;

                —      right-of-use assets;

                —      intangible assets and

                —      investment in subsidiaries in the Company’s statements of financial position.

                If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

                —      Calculation of recoverable amount

                       The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and
                       value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
                       present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the
                       time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate
                       cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is
                       determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e.
                       a cash-generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (for example,
                       head office building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if the allocation can be
                       done on a reasonable and consistent basis, or to the smallest group of cash-generating units
                       if otherwise.

                —      Recognition of impairment losses

                       An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the
                       cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount.

                       Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce
                       the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units)
                       and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units)
                       on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its
                       individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (l)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                    (ii)	Impairment of other non-current assets (Continued)

                             —        Reversals of impairment losses

                                      In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been
                                      a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An
                                      impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                                      A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would
                                      have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals
                                      of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are
                                      recognised.

                    (iii)    Interim financial reporting and impairment

                             Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the
                             Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim financial
                             reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the
                             Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end
                             of the financial year (see Note 1(l)(i)).

            (m) Inventories and other contract costs

                    (i)      Inventories

                             Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of
                             production for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production
                             process or in the rendering of services.

                             Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                             Cost of raw material is calculated using the weighted average cost formula, cost of work in progress
                             is calculated using the specific identification method and comprises all costs of purchase, costs
                             of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
                             condition.

                             Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
                             costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                             When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in
                             the period in which the related revenue is recognised.

                             The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are
                             recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of
                             any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised
                             as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.
146     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (n)   Contract assets and contract liabilities

          A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 1(v)) before being
          unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract
          assets are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in Note 1(l)(i) and
          are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see Note 1(o)).

          A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
          recognises the related revenue (see Note 1(v)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group
          has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related
          revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see Note 1(o)).

          For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For
          multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net
          basis.

    (o)   Trade and other receivables

          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
          to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
          consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
          consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset (see Note 1(n)).

          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
          transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
          initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are stated at amortised cost using the
          effective interest method and including an allowance for credit losses (see Note 1(l)(i)).

          Insurance reimbursement is recognised and measured in accordance with Note 1(u)(i).

    (p)   Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
          financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
          amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
          months of maturity at acquisition.

          Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out
          in Note 1(l)(i).




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (q)     Trade and other payables

                    Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
                    other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
                    case they are stated at invoice amounts.

            (r)     Interest-bearing borrowings

                    Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
                    recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
                    Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see
                    Note 1(x)).

            (s)     Employee benefits

                    (i)      Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                             retirement plans

                             Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                             and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are
                             rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material,
                             these amounts are stated at their present values.

                    (ii)     Share-based payments

                             The fair value of share options granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a
                             corresponding increase in a capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at grant date
                             using the binomial lattice model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the
                             options were granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming
                             unconditionally entitled to the options, the total estimated fair value of the options is spread over the
                             vesting period, taking into account the probability that the options will vest.

                             During the vesting period, the number of share options that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any
                             resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to the
                             profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualify for recognition
                             as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On vesting date, the amount
                             recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of options that vest (with a
                             corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve) except where forfeiture is only due to not achieving
                             vesting conditions that relate to the market price of the Company’s shares. The equity amount is
                             recognised in the capital reserve until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount
                             recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it is released directly to
                             retained profits).




148     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (t)   Income tax

          Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current
          tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent
          that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the
          relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

          Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
          substantively enacted at the end of each reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
          previous years.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
          the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
          their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

          Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent
          that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are
          recognised. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from
          deductible temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary
          differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity,
          and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary
          difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or
          forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences
          support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those
          differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity,
          and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

          The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences
          arising from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect
          neither accounting nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary
          differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences,
          the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the
          foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the
          future.

          The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
          settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively
          enacted at the end of each reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

          The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced
          to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related
          tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient
          taxable profits will be available.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022    149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (t)	Income tax (Continued)

                    Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay
                    the related dividends is recognised.

                    Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from
                    each other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax
                    assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off
                    current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

                    —        in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on
                             a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

                    —        in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same
                             taxation authority on either:

                             —        the same taxable entity; or

                             —        different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of
                                      deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise
                                      the current tax assets and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle
                                      simultaneously.

            (u)     Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts

                    (i)      Provisions and contingent liabilities

                             Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a
                             past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation
                             and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated
                             at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

                             Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot
                             be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of
                             outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed
                             by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent
                             liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

                             Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by
                             another party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually
                             certain. The amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the
                             provision.




150     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (u)	Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts (Continued)

          (ii)   Onerous contracts

                 An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of
                 meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received
                 from the contract. Provisions for onerous contracts are measured at the present value of the lower of
                 the expected cost of terminating the contract and the net cost of fulfilling the contract. The cost of
                 fulfilling the contract includes both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract and an allocation
                 of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract..

    (v)   Revenue and other income

          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services
          or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

          Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee
          has the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to
          be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax
          or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

          Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
          customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
          discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the
          customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract
          contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue
          recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the
          effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS
          15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period
          of financing is 12 months or less.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (v)	Revenue and other income (Continued)

                    Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

                    (i)      Sales of pressure equipment and related services

                             The Group recognised revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied. i.e. when “control”
                             of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
                             customer.

                             A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
                             distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same
                             pattern of transfer to the customer.

                             Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time measuring to the progress
                             towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria
                             is met:

                             •        the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                                      performance as the Group performs;

                             •        the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
                                      Groups performs; or

                             •        the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
                                      the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                             The Group designs and manufactures the pressure equipment in accordance with the customer’s
                             specification which does not have an alternative use to the Group. Under contracts for which the
                             Group has a right to be paid for work done to date in the event a customer decides to cancel
                             the contract before the contract was fully completed, revenue arising from the contract, and a
                             corresponding contract asset (see Note 1(n)), are recognised progressively over time. The contract
                             asset (either partially or in full) is reclassified to receivables when the entitlement to payment for that
                             amount has become unconditional (see Note 1(o)).

                             The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is mainly measured based
                             on cost-to-cost method, i.e. based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the
                             estimated total costs.

                             For the sale of customized pressurized equipment that the Group does not have the right to be paid
                             for work performed to date, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains
                             control of the distinct good or service. As such, revenue is recognised when the customer takes
                             possession of and accepts the products.




152     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (v)	Revenue and other income (Continued)

         (i)	Sales of pressure equipment and related services (Continued)

                 For the sale of raw materials and scrap materials, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the
                 customer obtains control of the products, which is generally when the customer takes possession of
                 and accepts the products.

                 A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
                 the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional (see Note 1(n)). It is assessed
                 for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9 (see Note1(l)(i)).

                 A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
                 for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
                 customer.

         (ii)    Rental income from operating leases

                 Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments
                 over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative
                 of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted
                 are recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable.
                 Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the
                 accounting period in which they are earned.

         (iii)   Dividends

                 Dividend income from unlisted investments is recognised when the shareholder’s right to receive
                 payment is established.

         (iv)    Interest income

                 Interest income is recognised as it accrues under the effective interest method using the rate that
                 exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the
                 gross carrying amount of the financial asset. For financial assets measured at amortised cost or FVOCI
                 (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying
                 amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the
                 amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see Note 1(l)).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (v)	Revenue and other income (Continued)

                    (v)      Government grants

                             Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position initially
                             when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with
                             the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are
                             recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses
                             are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised initially as
                             deferred income and amortised as income in the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful
                             life of the related asset.

            (w) Translation of foreign currencies

                    Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
                    transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
                    foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of each reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised
                    in profit or loss.

                    Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
                    translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction date is the date
                    on which the Company initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and
                    liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign
                    exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

                    The results of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates approximating the foreign
                    exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are translated
                    into RMB at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. The resulting exchange
                    differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the
                    exchange reserve.

                    On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that
                    foreign operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

            (x)     Borrowing costs

                    Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
                    necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part
                    of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

                    The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
                    for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare
                    the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases
                    when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are
                    interrupted or complete.




154     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (y)   Related parties

          (a)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                 (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

                 (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

          (b)    An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                 (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                          subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                 (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture
                          of a member of a Group of which the other entity is a member).

                 (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                 (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                          entity.

                 (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                          or an entity related to the Group.

                 (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                 (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                          management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                 (viii)   The entity, or any member of a Group of which it is a part, provides key management
                          personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
          influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (z)     Segment reporting

                      Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements,
                      are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
                      management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
                      various lines of business and geographical locations.

                      Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
                      segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
                      services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
                      the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
                      which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

              (aa) Research and development costs

                      Research and development costs comprise all costs that are directly attributable to research and development
                      activities or that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such activities. Because of the nature of the
                      Group’s research and development activities, the criteria for the recognition of such costs as an asset are
                      generally not met until late in the development stage of the project when the remaining development costs
                      are immaterial. Hence both research costs and development costs are generally recognised as expenses in the
                      period in which they are incurred.


      2       ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES

              (a)     Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies

                      In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following accounting
                      judgements:

                      (i)      Determining the lease term

                               As explained in policy Note 1(k), the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the
                               lease payments payable over the lease term. In determining the lease term at the commencement
                               date for leases that include renewal options exercisable by the Group, the Group evaluates the
                               likelihood of exercising the renewal options taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances
                               that create an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option, including favourable terms,
                               leasehold improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset to the Group’s
                               operation. The lease term is reassessed when there is a significant event or significant change in
                               circumstance that is within the Group’s control. Any increase or decrease in the lease term would
                               affect the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets recognised in future years.




156       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2	ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

    (b)   Sources of estimation uncertainty

          Significant sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

          (i)    Revenue recognition

                 As explained in policy Note 1(v), recognition of revenue and profit recognised over time on
                 uncompleted projects is dependent on estimating the total outcome of the contract, as well as the
                 work done to date.

                 Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the manufacturing and construction
                 activities undertaken by the Group, the Group has made estimates of the point at which it considered
                 the work was sufficiently advanced such that the outcome of the contract can be reasonably
                 measured. Until this point is reached the related contract assets disclosed in Note 18 do not include
                 profit which the Group might eventually realise from the work done to date. In addition, actual
                 outcomes in terms of total cost or revenue may be higher or lower than estimated at the end of
                 each reporting period, which would affect the revenue and profit recognised in future years as an
                 adjustment to the amounts recorded to date.

          (ii)   Warranty provisions

                 As explained in Note 25, the Group makes provisions under the warranties it gives on sale of its
                 pressure equipment taking into account the Group’s recent claim experience. As the Group is
                 continually upgrading its product designs and launching new models it is possible that the recent
                 claim experience is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any
                 increase or decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in future years.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      3       REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

              (a)     Revenue

                      The principal activities of the Group are the production and sales of various pressure equipment. Further
                      details regarding the Group’s principal activities are disclosed in Note 3(b).

                      (i)      Disaggregation of revenue

                               Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines is as
                               follows:

                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (restated)


                                   Revenue from contracts with customers
                                     within the scope of HKFRS 15
                                   Disaggregated by major products or service lines
                                   — traditional pressure equipment                                         2,662,892          2,221,045
                                      — reactor                                                             1,399,610          1,036,177
                                      — heat exchanger                                                        567,805            400,142
                                      — tank                                                                  347,012            516,792
                                      — tower                                                                 348,465            267,934
                                   — modular pressure equipment                                             3,648,656          1,925,440
                                   — others*                                                                   32,274             27,977


                                   Sales of products                                                        6,343,822          4,174,462


                                   — Pressure equipment design, validation, and
                                      maintenance service                                                     142,455           111,760


                                   Service                                                                    142,455           111,760


                                   Revenue of operations                                                    6,486,277          4,286,222

                               *    Others include primarily sales of raw materials and scrap materials.




158       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3	REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

    (a)	Revenue (Continued)

         (i)	Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)

                Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by geographic markets is disclosed in Note
                3(a)(iii).

                The Group’s customer base is diversified and includes one customer only with whom transactions
                have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues of the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: one).
                Revenues from this customer during year ended 31 December 2022 are set out below:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2022             2021
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


                    Customer A                                                                    *              535,712
                    Customer B                                                              731,994                    *

                *    Less than 10% of the Group’s revenue for the corresponding years.


         (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with
                customers in existence at the reporting date

                As at 31 December 2022, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
                performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is RMB8,621,816,000 (as at 31
                December 2021: RMB5,720,026,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in
                the future from contracts with customers in existence at the reporting date. The Group will recognise
                the expected revenue in future when or as the work is completed, which is expected to occur over
                the next 12 to 36 months.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      3	REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

            (a)	Revenue (Continued)

                    (iii)    Geographic information

                             The following table sets out information about the geographical location of the Group’s revenue
                             from external customers. The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which
                             the services were provided or the goods delivered.

                             The Group’s property, plant and equipment, intangible assets are mainly located in mainland China
                             and accordingly, no geographical information of non-current assets is presented.

                                                                                              Revenues from external customers
                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (restated)


                               Mainland China                                                          3,649,610       3,548,444
                               North America                                                             515,899         117,248
                               Asia (excluding mainland China)                                         1,007,267         338,453
                               Europe                                                                    455,127         215,157
                               Africa                                                                    767,103          35,961
                               Others (Note)                                                              91,271          30,959


                                                                                                       6,486,277       4,286,222

                             Note:    Others mainly included countries in South America and Oceania.


            (b)     Segment reporting

                    HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of operating segment information
                    based on internal financial statement reports that are regularly reviewed by the group’s chief operating
                    decision makers for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment. On this basis, the
                    Group has determined that it only has one operating segment which is the sale of comprehensive pressure
                    equipment.




160     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4   OTHER (LOSS)/INCOME

                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (restated)

      Government grants (i)                                                                           3,306                      6,685
      Interest income                                                                                15,259                      2,123
      Net realised gains on monetary fund                                                             8,627                      3,299
      Net realised (losses)/gains on forward exchange contracts                                     (23,467)                       693
      Net foreign exchange losses                                                                    (6,414)                   (16,762)
      Changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities                                        (292)                       695
      Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          (1,103)                      (610)
      Others                                                                                          3,383                      9,753

                                                                                                        (701)                     5,876

    (i)     Government grants mainly includes (a) grants relating to expenses which represent unconditional grants received from local
            government to encourage the Group’s development; and (b) grants relating to assets which represent the amortisation of deferred
            income.


5   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (restated)

      (a)    Finance costs:

             Interest on interest-bearing borrowings                                                 15,413                     22,683
             Interest on lease liabilities                                                              538                        111

                                                                                                     15,951                     22,794

      (b)    Staff costs:

             Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                    857,619                     654,747
             Equity-settled share-based payment expenses (Note 27)                                 139,387                      67,551
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans (i)                             88,510                      66,283

                                                                                                 1,085,516                     788,581

    (i)     Employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
            administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC contribute funds which are
            calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the scheme to
            fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

            The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual
            contributions described above.


                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022         161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      5	PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)

                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                        (restated)


               (c)   Other items:

                     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                     15,371                     13,669

                     Depreciation charge
                     — owned property, plant and equipment                                                 89,668                     74,376
                     — right-of-use assets                                                                  8,775                      4,967

                     Auditor’s remuneration
                     — audit services                                                                        3,890                     3,480
                     — tax services                                                                             —                        390
                     — other services                                                                           —                        283

                     Research and development costs (i)                                                  316,084                    226,628
                     Increase in provisions (Note 25)                                                     14,487                      8,107
                     Cost of inventories (ii)                                                          4,692,891                  3,102,476
                     Expense relating to short-term leases                                                44,811                     51,254

            (i)      Research and development costs included staff costs of RMB155,469,000 (2021: RMB119,763,000), depreciation and
                     amortisation expenses of RMB10,296,000 (2021: RMB7,729,000), which are also included in the respective total amounts
                     disclosed separately above or in Note 5(b).

            (ii)     Cost of inventories included staff costs of RMB 538,824, 000 (2021: RMB461,514,000), depreciation and amortisation expenses
                     of RMB61,968,000 (2021: RMB57,291,000), which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above
                     or in Note 5(b).




162     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS

    (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2022             2021
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                             (restated)


           Current tax:
           Provision for the year                                             96,623                 64,706

           Deferred tax:
           Origination and reversal of temporary differences                   (1,888)                 2,599


           Actual tax expense                                                 94,735                 67,305


    (b)   Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
          applicable tax rates:

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                Note            2022             2021
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                             (restated)


           Profit before taxation                                            760,917                449,143

           Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated
             at the rates applicable to profits in the
             countries concerned                                (i)(ii)      118,037                 83,509
           Additional deduction for qualified research and
             development expenses                                (iii)       (29,275)                (20,905)
           Under-provision in respect of prior year                              249                      338
           Non-deductible expenses                                            10,565                    7,162
           Tax effect of unrecognised loss                                    (8,654)                  (3,206)
           Tax effect of unrecognised temporary difference                     3,813                      407


           Actual tax expense                                                 94,735                 67,305




                                                                                         Annual Report 2022      163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      6	INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
         (Continued)

            (b)	Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
                 applicable tax rates: (Continued)

                    (i)      Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC (the “CIT Law”), the PRC’s statutory income tax rate is 25%. The
                             Group’s PRC subsidiaries are subject to income tax at the statutory tax rate unless otherwise specified.

                             Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Hong Kong, the Company and the Group’s subsidiary in Hong
                             Kong was subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5% during the reporting period. No provision for Hong
                             Kong Profits Tax was made for the company incorporated in Hong Kong as the company use the losses arising from the
                             previous years and did not have income subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax during 2022 and 2021 respectively.

                             Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Sweden, Pharmadule Morimatsu AB was subject to the Sweden
                             Corporate Tax at a rate of 20.6% in 2022 and 2021.

                             Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of the United States, Pharmadule Morimatsu Inc and Morimatsu
                             Houston Corporate were subject to the United States Corporate Tax at a rate of 21% in 2022 and 2021, which
                             represents federal income tax at a rate determined by income ranges.

                             Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of India, Pharmadule Engineering India Private Limited was subject to the
                             Indian Corporate Tax at a rate of 25.17% and 25% during 2022 and 2021. No provision for Indian Corporate Tax was
                             made for Pharmadule Engineering India Private Limited as the company did not have income subject to Indian Corporate
                             Tax during the reporting period.

                             Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Japan, Morimatsu Technology And Service Company Limited was
                             liable to the Japan Corporate Tax at a rate of 33.58% in 2022 and 2021.

                             Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Italy, Morimatsu Italy S.R.L. was liable to the Italy Corporate Tax
                             at a rate of 24% in 2022 and 2021. No provision for Italian Corporate Tax was made for Morimatsu Italy S.R.L. as the
                             company did not have income subject to Italian Corporate Tax during the reporting period.

                             Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of Mexico, Permanent Establishment in Mexico, the branch of Shanghai
                             Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd., was established on 27 April 2022, which was liable to
                             the Mexico Corporate Tax at a rate of 30% in 2022. No provision for Mexican Corporate Tax was made for Permanent
                             Establishment in Mexico as the company did not have income subject to Mexican Corporate Tax during the reporting
                             period.

                    (ii)     The subsidiaries of the Group are entitled as a High and New Technology Enterprise as follows.

                                                                                                               Applicable
                                                                                                          preferential tax
                                                                                                                      rate                   Period


                               Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry Co., Ltd.
                                 (“Morimatsu Heavy Industry”) (森松（江蘇）重工有限公司)                                             15%         2022 and 2021
                               Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd.
                                 (“Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment”)
                                 (上海森松製藥設備工程有限公司)                                                                        15%         2022 and 2021


                    (iii)    Under the CIT Law of the PRC and its relevant regulation, qualified research and development expenses are subject to
                             income tax deduction at 200% on the amount actually incurred for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.




164     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6	INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
   (Continued)

    (b)	Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
         applicable tax rates: (Continued)

             (iv)      According to the CIT Law and its implementing regulations of the CIT Law, for dividends payable to investors that are
                       non-resident enterprise (who do not have organisations or places of business in the PRC, or that have organisations and
                       places of business in PRC but to whom the relevant income tax is not effectively connected), 10% of the PRC withholding
                       tax shall be paid, unless there are any applicable tax treaties are reached between the jurisdictions of non-resident
                       enterprises and the PRC which may reduce or provide exemption to the relevant tax. Similarly, any gain derived from
                       the transfer of shares by such investor, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC, shall be
                       subject to 10% PRC income tax rate (or a lower tax treaty rate (if applicable)).

             (v)       Under PRC CIT law, the deductible tax losses expire within 5 years from the year when such losses were incurred. It was
                       mainly arising from the Morimatsu (China) Investment Co., Ltd. whose principal activity was investment holding.


7   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
    the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

    Year ended 31 December 2022

                                                          Salaries,              Contributions
                                                       allowances                to retirement
                                         Director’s   and benefits Discretionary        benefit                    Share-based
                                               fee         in kind      bonuses       schemes         Sub-Total      payments          Total
                                          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                                       Note 27


     Executive directors
     Mr. Wei Hua Tang                          144            321           2,199             62          2,726          4,413          7,139
     Mr. Ye Sheng                              144            267           2,353             62          2,826          4,413          7,239
     Mr. Koei Nishimatsu                       144          2,461             595             —           3,200          6,305          9,505
     Mr. Jungo Hirazawa                        144            950              71             —           1,165          1,894          3,059
     Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima                    144          1,469             379             —           1,992          2,206          4,198

     Non-executive director
     Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa                    161              —              —              —             161          9,366          9,527

     Independent directors
     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                   161              —              —              —             161             —             161
     Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                      161              —              —              —             161             —             161
     Mr. Yu Jianguo                            161              —              —              —             161             —             161


                                             1,364          5,468           5,597            124         12,553         28,597         41,150




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022        165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      7	DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (Continued)

            Year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                      Salaries,                   Contributions
                                                               allowances and                     to retirement
                                                                      benefits    Discretionary          benefit               Share-based
                                              Director’s fee           in kind         bonuses         schemes     Sub-Total     payments       Total
                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                                                                   Note 27


             Executive directors
             Mr. Wei Hua Tang                          144                314            1,521               57       2,036         4,041      6,077
             Mr. Ye Sheng                              144                260            1,559               57       2,020         4,041      6,061
             Mr. Koei Nishimatsu                       144              1,639              425               —        2,208         5,774      7,982
             Mr. Jungo Hirazawa                        144                969               65               —        1,178         1,735      2,913
             Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima                    144              1,075              237               —        1,456         2,021      3,477

             Non-executive director
             Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa                      75                 —               —                —           75         8,578      8,653

             Independent directors
             Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                     75                 —               —                —           75            —          75
             Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                        75                 —               —                —           75            —          75
             Mr. Yu Jianguo                              75                 —               —                —           75            —          75


                                                     1,020              4,257            3,807             114        9,198        26,190     35,388


            Mr. Wei Hua Tang, Mr. Ye Sheng, Mr. Koei Nishimatsu, Mr. Jungo Hirazawa, and Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima were
            appointed as executive director of the Company on 1 September 2020. Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa was appointed
            as non-executive director of the Company on 1 September 2020. They are also key management personnel of the
            Group during the reporting period. The remuneration disclosed above include those for services rendered by them
            as key management personnel.

            During 2022 and 2021, there was no amount paid or payable by the Group to the directors or any of the five
            highest paid individuals set out in Note 8 below as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
            compensation for loss of office.

            Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly, Mr. Kanno Shinichiro and Mr. Yu Jianguo were appointed as independent non-executive
            directors on 10 February 2021.




166     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




8   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments for the years ended 31 December 2022, three are directors
    (2021: three) whose emoluments are disclosed in Note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the
    remaining two individuals during 2022 (2021: two) are as follows:

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


     Salaries and other emoluments                                                      555                    542
     Discretionary bonuses                                                            2,517                  2,391
     Share-based payments (Note 27)                                                   8,193                  7,504
     Retirement scheme contributions                                                    124                    113


                                                                                     11,389                10,550


    The emoluments of the individuals who are not directors and who are amongst the five highest paid individuals of
    the Group are within the following bands:

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2022             2021


     HKD5,500,001 – HKD6,000,000                                                          —                     1
     HKD6,000,001 – HKD6,500,000                                                          1                     —
     HKD6,500,001 – HKD7,000,000                                                          1                     —
     HKD7,000,001 – HKD7,500,000                                                          —                     1




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022    167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      9       EARNINGS PER SHARE

              (a)     Basic earnings per share

                      The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
                      of the Company of RMB669,266,000 (2021(restated): RMB381,838,000) and the weighted average of
                      1,050,774,000 ordinary shares (2021: 895,034,000 shares after adjusting for the bonus issue) in issue
                      during the year, calculated as follows:

                      Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                                   2022                       2021


                        Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                           1,037,500,000                     200,000
                        Effect of bonus issue (note (i) below)                                                   —                  749,800,000
                        Effect of shares issued (note (ii) below)                                                —                  145,034,000
                        Effect of vested shares options exercisable for no more than
                           little consideration (note (iii) below)                                         13,274,000                            —


                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31
                         December                                                                     1,050,774,000                 895,034,000

                      note (i):    The number of ordinary shares outstanding before the bonus issue completed on 31 May 2021 (Note 27(b)) was
                                   adjusted for the proportionate increase in the number of ordinary shares outstanding without a corresponding change
                                   in resources, as if the bonus issue had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented.

                      note (ii):   From listing to the end of 2021, a total of 287,500,000 shares were issued at HK$2.48 per share, raising
                                   HK$713,000,000 in total.

                      note (iii): The number of ordinary shares outstanding were vested and exercisable from 28 June 2022 for no more than little
                                  consideration, as if the shares vested and exercised from the vesting date.




168       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




9   EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

    (b)   Diluted earnings per share

          The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
          shareholders of the Company of RMB669,266,000 (2021(restated): RMB381,838,000) and the weighted
          average number of ordinary shares of 1,156,099,000 shares (2021: 1,004,396,000 shares after adjusting for
          the bonus issue), calculated as follows:

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                      2022                  2021


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares
             at 31 December                                                1,050,774,000            895,034,000
           Effect of deemed issue of shares under the Company’s
             Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and RSU Scheme (Note 27)            105,325,000            109,362,000


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)
            at 31 December                                                 1,156,099,000          1,004,396,000




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      10       PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                             Machinery           Office
                                                               Plant and           and        and other        Motor      Construction
                                                               buildings     equipment       equipment       vehicles      in progress        Total
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


                 Cost:
                 At 1 January 2021                               848,909        262,713          81,900        18,664           43,889     1,256,075
                 Adjustments arising from adoption of merger
                     accounting                                       —               —              234           —                 —           234


                 As restated                                     848,909        262,713          82,134        18,664            43,889    1,256,309
                 Additions                                            —          20,187          14,105         3,493          426,164       463,949
                 Transfer from construction in progress           20,609         30,294              466           —            (51,369)           —
                 Disposals                                            —           (1,623)         (2,090)        (946)             (326)       (4,985)


                 At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022 as
                     restated                                   869,518        311,571           94,615       21,211           418,358     1,715,273
                 Additions                                           —          27,868           21,384        1,044           423,170       473,466
                 Transfer from construction in progress         350,647         93,748            5,396        2,124          (451,915)           —
                 Disposals                                           —          (2,155)            (668)         (30)             (127)       (2,980)


                 At 31 December 2022                           1,220,165       431,032         120,727        24,349          389,486      2,185,759


                 Accumulated depreciation:
                 At 1 January 2021                              (218,813)       (131,322)        (56,239)     (11,174)               —      (417,548)
                 Adjustments arising from adoption of merger
                     accounting                                       —               —             (148)          —                 —          (148)


                 As restated                                    (218,813)       (131,322)        (56,387)     (11,174)               —      (417,696)
                 Charge for the year (restated)                   (38,651)        (23,723)         (9,540)      (2,462)              —        (74,376)
                 Written back on disposal                              —            1,278           1,690          852               —          3,820


                 At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022 as
                     restated                                   (257,464)      (153,767)        (64,237)     (12,784)                —      (488,252)
                 Charge for the year                             (46,587)       (27,475)        (12,563)      (3,043)                —       (89,668)
                 Written back on disposal                             —           1,110             589           27                 —         1,726


                 At 31 December 2022                            (304,051)      (180,132)        (76,211)     (15,800)                —      (576,194)


                 Net book Value:
                 At 31 December 2022                            916,114        250,900           44,516        8,549          389,486      1,609,565


                 At 31 December 2021 as restated                 612,054        157,804          30,378         8,427          418,358     1,227,021


                 At 31 December 2021                             612,054        157,804          30,308         8,427          418,358     1,226,951



170        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




11   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                  Leasehold        Machinery
                                                  Land use        plant and              and
                                                     right         buildings       equipment               Total
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


      Balance at 1 January 2021                     105,289              2,332              230           107,851
      Additions (restated)                               —               3,874               —              3,874
      Depreciation charge for the year
         (restated)                                   (2,814)           (2,081)              (72)           (4,967)


      Balance at 31 December 2021 and
         1 January 2022 as restated                 102,475              4,125               158          106,758
      Additions                                      75,849            24,225                831          100,905
      Depreciation charge for the year                (3,498)           (5,079)             (198)          (8,775)


      Balance at 31 December 2022                  174,826             23,271               791          198,888


     The Group has obtained land use rights held for own use in Mainland China with remaining lease term of 30 to 50
     years.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022     171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      12       INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                          Construction in
                                                                         Software               progress         Total
                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000       RMB’000


                 Cost:
                 At 1 January 2021                                           45,665                    —         45,665
                 Additions                                                   16,434                 1,300        17,734
                 Transfer from construction in progress                          493                 (493)            —
                 Disposals                                                    (6,344)                  —          (6,344)


                 At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                     56,248                   807         57,055
                 Additions                                                  12,876                    —          12,876
                 Transfer from construction in progress                        394                  (394)            —
                 Disposals                                                  (8,746)                   —          (8,746)


                 At 31 December 2022                                        60,772                   413         61,185


                 Accumulated amortisation:
                 At 1 January 2021                                          (15,764)                   —         (15,764)
                 Charge for the year                                        (13,669)                   —         (13,669)
                 Written back on disposal                                     6,080                    —           6,080


                 At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                    (23,353)                    —        (23,353)
                 Charge for the year                                       (15,371)                    —        (15,371)
                 Written back on disposal                                    8,618                     —          8,618


                 At 31 December 2022                                       (30,106)                    —        (30,106)


                 Net book value:
                 At 31 December 2022                                        30,666                   413         31,079


                 At 31 December 2021                                         32,895                  807         33,702


               Design software and ERP software are expected to be used for 10 years.

               Office administrative software are expected to be used for 3 to 5 years.

               The amortisation charge for the year is included in “General and administrative expenses” and “Research and
               development expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




172        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

     The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities
     of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                           Place of incorporation/
                                           operation, date of
                                           incorporation/business     Registered capital/ Effective interest held
                                           combination under the      issued and fully       by the Company
      Name of company                      common control             paid-up capital       Direct Indirect Principal activities


      Pharmadule Engineering India Private India                      INR 49,990,000/      —          100%     Purchase of materials and design of pressure
         Limited (“Pharmadule India”)          15 May 2017               INR 49,990,000                           equipment

      Pharmadule Morimatsu AB              Sweden                     SEK 2,000,000/       100%       —        Designing and engineering of modular
         (“Pharmadule Sweden”)               3 March 2011                SEK 2,000,000                            manufacturing facilities for the
                                                                                                                  pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and
                                                                                                                  fast-moving consumer goods industries.

      Morimatsu Investment Company         Hong Kong                  USD129,000/          —          100%     Investment holding
        Limited (“Morimatsu                  30 September 2013          USD129,000
        Investment HK”)

      Morimatsu (China) Investment Co.,    The PRC                    USD103,009,000/      100%       —        Investment holding
        Ltd. (“Morimatsu China”)              07 June 2010              USD103,009,000
        (森松（中國）投資有限公司) *#

      Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry   The PRC                    USD141,378,000/      —          100%     Chemical industry, oil and gas refining,
        Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu Heavy           13 May 2008               USD141,378,000                           metallurgy, water treatment, new energy
        Industry”)                                                                                               and other industries related to traditional
        (森松（江蘇）重工有限公司)*#                                                                                         pressure equipment (reactor, heat
                                                                                                                 exchanger, vessel, tower) and modular
                                                                                                                 pressure equipment.

      Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical The PRC                       USD8,000,000/        —          100%     Process equipment and modular process
         Equipment Engineering             29 November 2001             USD8,000,000                              system and facility in pharmaceutical and
         Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu                                                                                    consumer goods industry.
         Pharmaceutical
         Equipment”)
         (上海森松製藥設備工程有限公
         司)*#




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022                 173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      13       INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                      Place of incorporation/
                                                      operation, date of
                                                      incorporation/business    Registered capital/ Effective interest held
                                                      combination under the     issued and fully       by the Company
                   Name of company                    common control            paid-up capital       Direct Indirect Principal activities


                   Pharmadule Morimatsu Inc           USA                       USD5,000/            —          100%       Sales center, after-sales service center and
                      (“Pharmadule US”)                 30 June 2011              USD5,000                                    purchasing center of SMP and Pharmadule
                                                                                                                              Morimatsu AB in the United States.

                   Morimatsu Technology And Service Japan                       JPY50,000,000/       100%       —          Sales activities for the Group’s products in
                     Company Limited (“Morimatsu       31 January 2014             JPY50,000,000                              Japan.
                     Japan”)

                   Morimatsu Italy S.R.L. (“Morimatsu Italy                     EUR 200,000/         —          100%       Sales activities for the Group’s products in
                     Italy”)                              26 November 2020         EUR 200,000                                Italy.

                   Morimatsu (Suzhou) LifeScience The PRC                       HKD780,000,000/      100%       —          Designing and engineering of modular
                     Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu           26 September 2021            HKD320,500,000                              manufacturing facilities for the
                     LifeScience”) (森松（蘇州）生                                                                                   pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical
                     命科技有限公司)*#                                                                                               industries.

                   Shanghai Morimatsu Engineering     The PRC                   RMB10,000,000/       —          100%       Designing of modular manufacturing
                      Technology Co., Ltd.               19 November 2021         RMB1,200,000                                facilities.
                      (“Morimatsu Engineering”)
                      (上海森松工程技術有限公司)*#

                   Shanghai Morimatsu Biotechnology   The PRC                   RMB50,000,000/       —          72.25% Research and development of biological
                      Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu              17 January 2022          RMB26,250,000                           technology and the manufacturing and
                      Biotechnology”) (上海森松生                                                                              sales of related special equipment
                      物科技有限公司)*

                   Shanghai Mori-Biounion Technology The PRC                    RMB41,300,000/       —          42.86%** Provision of biotechnology consulting and
                      Co., Ltd. (“Mori-Biounion         24 May 2022               RMB34,500,000                             services, as well as the production and
                      Technology”) (上海森眾生物技                                                                                 sales of related products
                      術有限公司)*

                   Morimatsu Houston Corporate        USA                         USD300,000/                   100%       Sales activities for the Group’s products in
                                                        28 February 2022            USD300,000                                USA.
                                                        (business combination
                                                        under the common control)

               *           The English translation of these entities is for reference only. The official name of the companies established in the PRC is in
                           Chinese.

               #           These entities are wholly foreign owned enterprises established in the PRC.

               **          Mori-Biounion Technology is a subsidiary of a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and, accordingly, is accounted for as
                           a subsidiary by virtue of the Company’s control over it.




174        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     The following table lists out the information relating to Morimatsu Biotechnology and Mori-Biounion Technology,
     the subsidiaries of the group which has a material non-controlling interest (NCI). The summarised financial
     information presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination.

                                                                                        2022
                                                                                      RMB’000
                                                                               Morimatsu     Mori-Biounion
                                                                            Biotechnology      Technology


      NCI percentage                                                      21.17% (17 January       53.24% (24 May
                                                                               2022 to 6 June        2022 to 6 June
                                                                                       2022)/                2022)/
                                                                              27.75% (7 June        57.14% (7 June
                                                                                  2022 to 31            2022 to 31
                                                                                   December              December
                                                                                        2022)                2022)

      Current assets                                                                   21,368                 22,302
      Non-current assets                                                               24,945                 25,244
      Current liabilities                                                             (24,702)                 (3,841)
      Non-current liabilities                                                              —                 (12,360)
      Net assets                                                                       21,611                 31,345
      Carrying amount of NCI                                                           (1,281)                  8,197

      Revenue                                                                           2,393                   (147)
      Profit from the year                                                             (4,639)                (3,156)
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                          (4,639)                (3,156)
      Profit allocated to NCI                                                          (1,281)                (1,803)

      Cash flows from operating activities                                             14,195                  (2,515)
      Cash flows from investing activities                                            (28,041)               (13,252)
      Cash flows from financing activities                                             26,250                 33,472

     Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 30 May 2022, Morimatsu Biotechnology involved a new investor,
     Shanghai Jinwen Enterprise Consultation Management Partnership (Limited Partnership), and the registered capital
     increased from RMB8,975,000 to RMB50,000,000 which resulted in a decrease of shareholding ratio of the Group
     from 78.83% to 72.25%.

     Since the Group holds Mori-Biounion Technology through Morimatsu Biotechnology indirectly, the shareholding
     ratio of Mori-Biounion Technology has changed accordingly.

     The changes in the ownership interest in Morimatsu Biotechnology and Mori-Biounion Technology that do not result
     in a loss of control.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022      175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      14       INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES

               Details of the Group’s interest in the associates, which are accounted for using the equity method in the
               consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                                      Proportion of ownership
                                                                                                              interest
                                                     Forms of       Place of         Particulars of     Groups’
                                                     business       incorporation       issued and     effective Held by a
                 Name of associates                  structure      and business    paid-up capital     interest subsidiary     Principal activity


                 Jiangsu Qunchuang Wisdom New        Incorporated   The PRC         RMB300,000,000/      20.00%      20.00%     Research and development, manufacturing and
                     Material Co., Ltd. (“江蘇群創智慧                                     RMB40,000,000                                 sales of new membrane materials
                     新材料有限公司”)

                 Mori-Union Microchannel Industrial Incorporated    The PRC          RMB10,000,000/      36.00%      36.00%     Research and development of microchannel
                   Equipment Co., Ltd. (“上海森聯微                                          RMB50,000                                  reactors
                   通工業裝備有限公司”)

               Jiangsu Qunchuang Wisdom New Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Qunchuang”) was established on 1 July 2022
               by Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment with two other investors in China. The registered capital of the company
               is RMB300,000,000. Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment holds 20% equity interest of the company. Jiangsu
               Qunchuang Wisdom New Material Co., Ltd. is mainly engaged in the research and development, manufacturing and
               sales of new membrane materials. The capital of RMB20,000,000 from Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment has
               been injected into the company.

               Mori-Union Microchannel Industrial Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Mori-Union Microchannel”) was established on 11
               July 2022 by Morimatsu Heavy Industry with three other investors in China. The registered capital of the company is
               RMB10,000,000. Morimatsu Heavy Industry holds 36% equity interest of the company. Mori-Union Microchannel
               Industrial Equipment Co., Ltd. is mainly engaged in the research and development of microchannel reactors. The
               capital of RMB18,000 has been injected into the company.

               The Group accounts for Jiangsu Qunchuang and Mori-Union Microchannel as an investment in associates using the
               equity method in the consolidated financial statements of the Group under applicable financial reporting standards.

               Jiangsu Qunchuang and Mori-Union Microchannel are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not
               available.

               Jiangsu Qunchuang and Mori-Union Microchannel are still under start-up process and has not started normal
               operation. The total comprehensive losses are RMB9,000 and RMB2,000, and the net assets of RMB39,991,000 and
               RMB48,000 are mainly paid up capital.

               The amount of RMB69,661,000 has been authorised but not contracted for as capital expenditure as at 31
               December 2022 for Jiangsu Qunchuang.

               The amount of nil has been authorised but not contracted for as capital expenditure as at 31 December 2022 for
               Mori-Union Microchannel.




176        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




15   INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURE

     Details of the Group’s interest in the joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in the
     consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                             Proportion of ownership
                                                                                                     interest
                                            Forms of       Place of         Particulars of     Groups’
                                            business       incorporation issued and paid-     effective Held by a
      Name of joint venture                 structure      and business        up capital      interest subsidiary     Principal activity


      Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. Incorporated   Malaysia          RM 14,000,000      51.00%      51.00%     Manufacturing of equipment and modular
                                                                                                                         process system and facility

     Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (“Morimatsu Dialog”) was established on 14 September 2021 by
     Morimatsu Japan with a joint venturer in Malaysia, to carry out the Group’s manufacturing activity in Malaysia.
     Morimatsu Dialog is mainly engaged in the manufacturing of equipment and modular process system and facility.

     The Group accounts for Morimatsu Dialog as an investment in a joint venture using the equity method in the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group under applicable financial reporting standards, as Morimatsu Dialog
     is under joint control.

     Morimatsu Dialog, the only joint venture in which the Group participates, is an unlisted corporate entity whose
     quoted market price is not available.




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022           177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      15       INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

                                                                                       Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia)
                                                                                               SDN. BHD.
                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Gross amount of the joint venture
                 Current assets                                                                11,188                 21,395
                 Non current assets                                                             2,925                      —
                 Current liabilities                                                           (1,358)                    (86)
                 Equity                                                                       (12,755)               (21,309)

                 Included in the above assets and liabilities:
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                     10,093                21,372

                 Revenue                                                                         3,939                       —
                 Loss from continuing operations                                                 9,260                       64

                 Total comprehensive loss                                                        9,260                       64

                 Included in the above profit:
                 Depreciation and amortisation                                                     282                       —

                 Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the joint venture
                 Gross amount of net asset of the joint venture                                12,755                21,309
                 Groups’ effective interest                                                   51.00%                51.00%
                 Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                               6,505                10,868
                 Currency translation difference                                                 (350)                   10


                 Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                        6,155               10,878


               The amount of nil has been authorised but not contracted for as capital expenditure as at 31 December 2022.


      16       OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                              (restated)


                 Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                241,546                14,860
                 Long-term deferred expense                                                     1,666                 1,115


                                                                                              243,212                15,975




178        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




17   INVENTORIES

     (a)   Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


            Raw materials                                                           585,982                 330,331
            Work in progress                                                      1,627,746                 899,302


                                                                                  2,213,728               1,229,633


     (b)   The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and
           included in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


            Carrying amount of inventories sold                                   4,688,814               3,098,961
            Write-down of inventories                                                 4,171                    5,174
            Reversal of write-down of inventories                                       (94)                  (1,659)
            Recognised in research and development expenses                         144,488                  94,706


                                                                                  4,837,379               3,197,182


           The reversal of write-down of inventories made in prior years arose due to an increase in the estimated net
           realisable value as a result of changes in contract prices.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022     179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      18       CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

               (a)     Contract assets

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (restated)


                         Contract assets
                         Arising from revenue recognised over time                                   830,927            609,515


                         Receivables from contracts with customers within the scope
                           of HKFRS 15, which are included in “Trade and other
                           receivables” (Note 19)                                                    682,065            609,562

                       Contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed but not yet
                       reached the milestones for billing at the reporting date. The Group’s contracts include payment schedules
                       which require stage payments over the delivery period once milestones are reached. Contract assets are
                       transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

               (b)     Contract liabilities

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Contract liabilities
                         Billings in advance of performance                                        2,890,048          2,171,901

                       Contract liabilities primarily relate to the consideration received from customers in advance, for which
                       revenue is recognised based on the progress of the provision of related services.

                                                                                                                      Contract
                                                                                                                     liabilities
                                                                                                                       RMB’000

                         Movement in contract liabilities
                         At 1 January 2021                                                                              842,649
                         Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year that
                            was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                      (680,893)
                         Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing
                            in advance of construction and manufacturing activities                                   2,010,145

                         At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                      2,171,901
                         Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year that
                            was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                   (1,864,442)
                         Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing
                            in advance of construction and manufacturing activities                                  2,582,589

                         At 31 December 2022                                                                         2,890,048



180        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




19   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                          (restated)


      Bills receivable(Note (a)(i))                                                       156,247                   83,398
      Trade debtors net of loss allowance                                                 682,065                  609,562
      Other debtors                                                                        61,048                   23,285


      Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                         899,360                  716,245


      Prepayments                                                                         266,425                  205,211


                                                                                        1,165,785                  921,456


     All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense within one year.

     (a)    Transfers of financial assets

            The Group endorsed bank acceptance bills to its suppliers for settling trade payables of the same amounts on
            a full recourse basis. All bank acceptance bills had a maturity of less than one year from the issuance date.
            As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have bill receivable (as at 31 December 2021: RMB5,205,000)
            pledged.

            (i)     Transferred financial assets that were derecognised in their entirety

                    The bills accepted by banks with high credit quality were derecognised when they were endorsed.
                    In the opinion of the directors, the Group did not retain substantially all the risks and rewards of
                    ownership of these bills, because the credit risk of the acceptance banks was very low and the
                    Group had transferred out all interest risk of the bills upon endorsement. As the transferees had
                    the practical ability to further endorse or discount the bills, control of these bills were transferred
                    upon endorsement and thus they were derecognised. As at 31 December 2022, bills endorsed and
                    derecognised, but yet reached maturity amounted to RMB507,021,000 (as at 31 December 2021:
                    RMB232,865,000). This represents the Group’s maximum exposure to loss should the acceptance
                    banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. However, non-settlement by those acceptance banks
                    was considered unlikely.

            (ii)    Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

                    The other bank acceptance bills with a total carrying amount of RMB91,407,000 endorsed by the
                    Group to its suppliers as at 31 December 2022 (as at 31 December 2021: RMB47,797,000) to settle
                    trade payables of the same amounts, were not derecognised. In the opinion of the directors, the
                    Group retained substantially all risks and rewards of these bank acceptance bills, and accordingly, it
                    continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of these bills receivable and the associated liabilities.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022    181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      19       TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

               (b)     Ageing analysis

                       As of the end of each reporting period, an ageing analysis of the trade debtors (which are included in trade
                       and other receivables), based on the date of invoice and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (restated)


                         Within 3 months                                                           389,805                405,541
                         More than 3 months but less than 1 year                                   231,885                144,283
                         More than 1 year but less than 2 years                                     55,467                 57,482
                         More than 2 years                                                           4,908                  2,256


                                                                                                   682,065                609,562


                       Trade debtors and bills receivable are mainly due within 30-120 days from the date of invoice. Further details
                       on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk rising from trade debtors are set out in Note 29(a).


      20       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION

               (a)     Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (restated)


                         Deposits with banks                                                      100,993                  43,101
                         Cash at banks and on hand                                              1,269,366               1,505,774


                                                                                                1,370,359               1,548,875


                       As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have deposits (as at 31 December 2021: RMB2,896,000)
                       pledged to banks.




182        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




20   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     (b)   Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                               Note         2022              2021
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                         (restated)


            Profit before taxation                                       760,917                449,143

            Adjustments for:
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment      5(c)       89,668                 74,376
            Depreciation of right of use assets                5(c)        8,775                  4,967
            Amortisation of intangible assets                  5(c)       15,371                 13,669
            Losses on disposal of property, plant and
               equipment, intangible assets and other
               long-term assets                                 4           1,103                    610
            Changes in fair value of financial assets and
               liabilities                                      4            292                   (695)
            Interest income                                     4        (15,259)                (2,123)
            Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses                           (4,642)                39,172
            Finance costs                                      5(a)       15,951                 22,794
            Share of results of joint venture                  15          4,723                     32
            Share of results of associate                      14              2                     —
            Equity-settled share-based payment expenses        5(b)      139,387                 67,551
            Net realised loss/(gains) on financial assets
               measured at fair value through profit or loss    4         14,840                  (3,992)

            Changes in working capital

            (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets         24          (7,120)                  745
            Increase in deferred tax liabilities               24           5,232                 1,854
            Increase in inventories                            17        (984,095)             (425,564)
            Increase in contract assets                        18        (221,412)             (363,454)
            Increase in trade and other receivables            19        (275,810)             (396,458)
            Decrease in other non-current assets                            1,544                   725
            Increase in contract liabilities                   18         718,147             1,329,252
            Increase in trade and other payables               21         587,363               359,059
            Increase/(decrease) for deferred income            26          42,081                    (46)
            Increase in provisions                             25           8,088                 3,449


            Net cash flows generated from operating
              activities                                                 905,146             1,175,066




                                                                                     Annual Report 2022     183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      20       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
               (Continued)

               (c)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                 Bank loans
                                                                                  and other          Lease
                                                                                borrowings       liabilities     Total
                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                    (Note 22)      (Note 23)


                         At 1 January 2021                                           443,532          2,616    446,148


                         Changes from financing cash flows:
                         Proceeds from bank loans                                    482,333             —      482,333
                         Capital element of lease rentals paid (restated)                  —         (2,078)      (2,078)
                         Interest element of lease rentals paid (restated)                 —           (111)        (111)
                         Repayment of bank loans                                    (554,066)            —     (554,066)
                         Interest paid                                                (22,683)           —      (22,683)


                         Total changes from financing cash flows (restated)          (94,416)        (2,189)    (96,605)


                         Exchange adjustment                                          (1,797)            —       (1,797)


                         Other changes:
                         Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
                            leases during the period                                      —           3,873       3,873
                         Interest expenses (Note 5(a))(restated)                      22,683            111      22,794


                         Total other changes                                         22,683          3,984      26,667




184        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




20   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                    Bank loans
                                                                     and other         Lease
                                                                   borrowings      liabilities           Total
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                       (Note 22)     (Note 23)


            At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022
              as restated                                              370,002         4,411           374,413


            Changes from financing cash flows:
            Proceeds from bank loans                                   430,922            —            430,922
            Capital element of lease rentals paid                           —         (7,149)           (7,149)
            Interest element of lease rentals paid                          —           (538)             (538)
            Repayment of bank loans                                   (363,481)           —           (363,481)
            Interest paid                                              (12,705)           —            (12,705)


            Total changes from financing cash flows                     54,736        (7,687)           47,049


            Exchange adjustment                                           4,082            —              4,082


            Other changes:
            Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
               leases during the period                                     —         25,901            25,901
            Interest expenses (Note 5(a))                               15,413           538            15,951


            Total other changes                                         15,413        26,439            41,852


            At 31 December 2022                                        444,233        23,163           467,396




                                                                                             Annual Report 2022   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      20       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
               (Continued)

               (d)     Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                                                     2022                      2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (restated)


                         Within operating cash flows                                                 80,477                  21,686
                         Within financing cash flows                                                  7,687                   2,127


                                                                                                     88,164                  23,813


               (e)     Net cash outflow arising from the acquisition of a subsidiary

                       The recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities at the date of acquisition of the subsidiary comprise
                       the following:

                                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           7,120
                         Right-of-use assets                                                                                   496
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                            68
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                          67
                         Lease liabilities                                                                                    (502)
                         Trade and other payables                                                                              (81)
                         Current taxation                                                                                       (9)


                         Net assets acquired attributable to the Group                                                       7,159


                         Consideration of acquisition of equity interest of Morimatsu Houston Corporation                    8,187
                         Less: Total cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                      7,120


                         Net cash outflow                                                                                    1,067




186        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




21   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                       (restated)


      Bills payable                                                                     21,577                 46,319
      Trade payables                                                                 1,233,544                718,425
      Other payables and accruals                                                      378,422                329,919


      Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                               1,633,543              1,094,663


     As of the end of each reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables (which are included in trade and other
     payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                       (restated)


      Within 3 months                                                                1,005,728                561,591
      More than 3 months but less than 6 months                                        181,516                 99,990
      More than 6 months but less than 12 months                                        36,670                 40,214
      More than 1 year but less than 2 years                                             5,848                 12,611
      More than 2 years                                                                  3,782                  4,019


                                                                                     1,233,544                718,425


     No bills payable (as at 31 December 2021: RMB11,655,000) was guaranteed.

     All trade and other payables (including amounts due to related parties) are expected to be settled or recognised as
     income within one year or are repayable on demand.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      22       INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

               (a)     The analysis of carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as
                       follows:

                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                         Current
                           — guaranteed bank loans                        80,723          370,002
                           — non-guaranteed bank loans                   173,876               —

                         Non-current
                           — guaranteed bank loans                       106,560               —
                           — non-guaranteed bank loans                    83,074               —


                         Interest-bearing borrowings                     444,233          370,002


               (b)     The bank loans and interest-bearing borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Within 1 year or on demand                      254,599          370,002
                         After 1 year but within 2 years                  83,074               —
                         After 2 years but within 5 years                106,560               —


                                                                         444,233          370,002




188        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




23   LEASE LIABILITIES

     The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of each
     reporting period:

                                                  As at 31 December 2022                 As at 31 December 2021
                                                     Present
                                                 value of the        Total
                                                   minimum       minimum            Present value of
                                                        lease        lease             the minimum      Total minimum
                                                   payments      payments            lease payments     lease payments
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                           (restated)         (restated)


      Within 1 year                                       6,059           6,947               2,528               2,609
      After 1 year but within 2 years                     3,120           3,808               1,374               1,392
      After 2 years but within 5 years                    6,770           8,154                 509                 514
      After 5 years                                       7,214           7,917                  —                   —


                                                         23,163         26,826                4,411               4,515


      Less: total future interest expenses                               (3,663)                                   (104)


      Present value of lease liabilities                                23,163                                    4,411


24   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

     (a)    Current taxation in the consolidated statements of financial position
            represent:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                      (restated)


              Provision for income tax for the year:

              Balance at 1 January                                                      33,881                    5,710
              Provision for current income tax for the year                             96,623                   64,706
              PRC income tax paid                                                      (62,037)                 (36,535)


              Balance at 31 December                                                    68,467                  33,881




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022     189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      24       INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
               (Continued)

               (b)     Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised

                       (i)      Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of
                                financial position and the movements during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                Provisions for
                                                                                                                                              Depreciation        warranties,
                                                                                                                                                allowances            onerous
                                                                                                                           Revaluation of      in excess of           contract
                                                                         Accruals and Amortisation of      Credit loss    financial assets      the related               and    Provisions for
                                                                           provisions Intangible assets    allowance        and liabilities   depreciation          litigation     inventories Deferred income         Total
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


                                  Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
                                        arising from:
                                  At 1 January 2021                             3,581                10         3,464                   —           (14,052)             2,074           3,035             361         (1,527)
                                  Credited/(charged) to profit or loss          1,987               (10)           (48)               (104)           (3,370)              530          (1,277)           (307)        (2,599)


                                  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January
                                       2022                                     5,568                —          3,416                 (104)         (17,422)             2,604          1,758               54         (4,126)
                                  Credited/(charged) to profit or loss          5,051                —             15                  148          (12,458)             1,340           (108)           7,900          1,888


                                  At 31 December 2022                          10,619                —          3,431                   44          (29,880)             3,944          1,650            7,954         (2,238)



                       (ii)     Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                                                                    2022                                       2021
                                                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                                    RMB’000


                                  Net deferred tax asset recognised in the consolidated
                                    statement of financial position                                                                                                       7,120                                       —
                                  Net deferred tax liability recognised in the consolidated
                                    statement of financial position                                                                                                     (9,358)                                   (4,126)


                                                                                                                                                                        (2,238)                                   (4,126)


               (c)     Deferred tax assets not recognised

                       In accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 1(t), the Group has not recognised deferred tax
                       assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of RMB149,446,000 as at 31 December 2022 (as at 31 December
                       2021: RMB66,713,000) of the relevant companies as it is not probable that future taxable profits against
                       which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity before they expire.
                       The deductible tax losses expire within 5 years from the year when such losses were incurred under current
                       tax law.




190        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




24   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (Continued)

     (d)    Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

            At 31 December 2022, temporary differences relating to undistributed profits of the subsidiaries
            amounted to RMB1,729,410,000 (as at 31 December 2021: RMB1,063,036,000). Deferred tax liabilities of
            RMB166,511,000 (as at 31 December 2021: RMB106,304,000) have not been recognised in respect of the
            tax that would be payable on the distribution of these retained profits as the Company controls the dividend
            policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits would not be
            distributed to the Company in the foreseeable future.


25   PROVISIONS

                                                                                Provision for
                                                              Warranty              onerous
                                                              provision             contract                  Total
                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000


      At 1 January 2022                                          17,153                    209                17,362
      Additional provisions made                                 14,479                      8                14,487
      Provisions utilised                                        (6,218)                  (181)               (6,399)


      At 31 December 2022                                        25,414                      36               25,450


     Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements, the Group will rectify any product defects arising within 18
     months of the date of sales. Provision is therefore made for the best estimate of the expected settlement under
     these agreements in respect of sales made within the 18 months prior to the end of the each reporting period. The
     amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent experience and is only made where a warranty claim is
     probable.


26   DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Government grants                                                                 42,434                     353


     Government grants are related to assets those are obtained by the Group for the purposes of purchase, construction
     or acquisition of the long-term assets.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022     191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      27       EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

               The Company has a share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”) which was adopted on 1 July
               2020 whereby the directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees and directors of
               the Group, to take up options at HK$1.00 for each acceptance of the share offer. The vesting period of five years
               started after one year from the listing date (28 June 2021) and are then exercisable within a period of five years.
               Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the Company and is settled gross in
               shares.

               As at 1 July 2020, the Company has conditionally granted options to subscribe for an aggregate of 132,380,000
               shares to 27 participants (including employees and directors of the Group) in consideration of an option price of
               HK$0.0001 for each acceptance of an offer of options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

               The Group recognised an expense of RMB69,952,000 in the year ended 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021:
               RMB67,551,000), which is by reference to the fair value of the options granted on the measurement date (also
               referred as “grant date” herein), and will recognise relevant cost for services received over the remaining vesting
               periods, in administrative expenses and capital reserve, respectively.

               In 2022, options to subscribe for an aggregate of 15,412,688 shares were exercised on and after 28 June 2022.

               The Group has a Restricted Share Units Scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) which was adopted on 15 December 2021
               whereby 29,459,700 restricted share units (“RSU”) were granted to 149 qualified employees on 5 January 2022.
               The vesting period of three years started after one year from 5 January 2022 and are then exercisable within a
               period of three years. Each RSU gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the Group at the
               purchase price of HKD4.17.

               The Group recognised an expense of RMB69,435,000 in the year ended 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021:
               nil), which is by reference to the fair value of the RSUs on the vesting date, and will recognise relevant cost for
               services received over the remaining vesting periods, in administrative expenses and capital reserve, respectively.

               No RSU were exercised in the year ended 31 December 2022.

               (a)     The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                                                                     Contractual       Fair value
                                                      Number of                                           life of    at the grant
                         Grant date                 instruments     Vesting conditions                  options              date


                         At 1 July 2020               132,380,000   20% at any time after the           5.99 years       RMB2.29
                                                                      first, second, third, fourth
                                                                      and fifth anniversary of
                                                                      the listing date
                         At 5 January 2022             29,459,700   33% at any time after the           3.02 years       RMB4.06
                                                                      first, second and third
                                                                      anniversary of the grant
                                                                      date




192        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




27	EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (b)   The number of instruments are as follows:

                                                                                               Year ended 31
                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022               December 2021
                                                    Pre-IPO Share                               Pre-IPO Share
                                                   Option Scheme      RSU Scheme              Option Scheme


           Outstanding at the beginning of the
             year                                      132,380,000                   —           132,380,000
           Granted during the year                                —         29,459,700                    —
           Exercised during the year                    (15,412,688)                 —                    —
           Forfeited during the year                      (2,830,000)        (1,239,300)                  —


           Outstanding at the end of the year          114,137,312          28,220,400           132,380,000


           Exercisable at the end of the year           10,497,312                   —                      —


          The outstanding options of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme at 31 December 2022 had an exercise price of
          HK$0.0001 and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 3.49 years (2021:4.49 years).

          The outstanding RSUs of RSU Scheme at 31 December 2022 had an exercise price of HK$4.17 and a
          weighted average remaining contractual life of 2.02 years (2021:not applicable).




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      27	EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

            (c)     Measurement of fair values

                    The fair value of services received in return for share options and RSUs granted is measured by reference to
                    the fair value of share options and RSUs granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share options and RSUs
                    granted is measured based on a binomial model. The contractual life of the share option and RSUs is used as
                    an input into this model.

                    Fair value of share options and RSUs and assumptions

                                                                                       Pre-IPO Share
                                                                                      Option Scheme              RSU Scheme


                      Fair value at measurement date                                          RMB2.29                 RMB4.06
                      Exercise price                                                         HK$0.0001                HK$4.17
                      Expected volatility (expressed as weighted average volatility
                        used in the modelling under binomial option pricing model)               51.55%                 50.00%
                      Time to maturity (expressed as weighted average life used in
                        the modelling under binomial option pricing model)                   10.54 years             4.94 years
                      Expected dividends                                                         0.00%                  0.00%
                      Risk-free interest rate (based on Exchange Fund Notes)                     2.83%                  1.25%

                    Volatility was based on historical volatilities of the comparable companies in the same industry for a period
                    of remaining contractual life, adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly
                    available information. Expected dividends are based on historical dividends. Changes in the subjective input
                    assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

                    Share options and RSUs were granted under a service condition. This condition has not been taken into
                    account in the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions
                    associated with the share option and RSU grants.




194     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28   CAPITAL AND RESERVES

     (a)   Movements in components of equity

           The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
           consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in
           the Company’s equity between the beginning and the end of the reporting period are set out below:

                                                                       Treasury
                                                                          stock    Capital    Exchange      Retained
            The Company                               Share capital    earnings    reserve      reserve       equity        Total
                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                          Note 28(b)                           Note 28(c)


            Balance at 1 January 2021                           173          —     523,392         2,474      (75,095)     450,944


            Changes in equity for the year
               ended 31 December 2021
            Loss for the year                                    —           —          —             —       (93,797)      (93,797)
            Other comprehensive income for the year              —           —          —         (5,625)          —          (5,625)
            Shares issued                                   571,596          —          —             —            —       571,596
            Equity-settled share-based transactions
               (Note 27)                                         —           —      67,551            —            —        67,551


            Total change for the year                       571,596          —      67,551        (5,625)     (93,797)     539,725


            Balance at 31 December 2021 and
              1 January 2022                                571,769          —     590,943        (3,151)    (168,892)     990,669


            Changes in equity for the year
                ended 31 December 2022
            Profit for the year                                  —           —          —            —        43,568       43,568
            Other comprehensive income for the year              —           —          —           615           —           615
            Equity-settled share-based transactions
                (Note 27)                                        —           —     139,387            —            —      139,387
            Issuance of ordinary shares to the Company
                (Note 28(b)(i))                              36,581     (36,581)        —             —            —             —
            Exercise of share option (Note 28(b)(ii))        35,307           1    (35,307)           —            —             1


            Total change for the year                        71,888     (36,580)   104,080          615       43,568      183,571


            Balance at 31 December 2022                    643,657      (36,580)   695,023        (2,536)   (125,324)    1,174,240




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022          195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      28	CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

            (b)     Share capital

                                                                            2022                             2021
                                                                      No. of                            No. of
                                                                      shares                            shares
                                                                       (’000)    RMB’000                (’000)        RMB’000


                      Ordinary shares, issued and
                       fully paid:

                      At 1 January                                 1,037,500         571,769               200             173
                      Issue of shares                                     —               —                 —               —
                      Issuance of ordinary shares to the
                         Company (Note 28(b)(i))                      36,296          36,581               —                 —
                      Exercise of share option (Note 28(b)(ii))           —           35,307               —                 —
                      Bonus issue (Note 28(b)(iii))                       —               —           749,800                —
                      Issuance of ordinary shares upon initial
                         public offering (Note 28(b)(iv))                   —               —         250,000         493,980
                      Issuance of ordinary shares upon
                         over-allotment (Note 28(b)(v))                     —               —           37,500          77,616


                      At 31 December                               1,073,796         643,657        1,037,500         571,769


                    In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the
                    Company do not have a par value.

                    (i)      Issuance of ordinary shares to the Company

                             The Company issued and repurchased 26,476,000 ordinary shares at HK$0.6621 per share for
                             exercise of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on 2 June 2022.

                             The Company issued and repurchased 9,819,900 ordinary shares at HK$4.17 per share for exercise
                             of RSU Scheme on 23 November 2022.

                             As the treasury shares were repurchased for the purposes of equity settled share-based transactions,
                             the cost of the treasury shares in the amount of RMB36,581,000, which is presented as treasury
                             shares in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022.

                    (ii)     Exercise of share option

                             The option to subscribe for an aggregate of 15,412,688 shares, which grant date fair value
                             is RMB2.29, were exercised on and after 28 June 2022 at the exercise price of RMB1,000.
                             RMB35,307,000 was transferred from the capital reserve to the share capital account in accordance
                             with policy set out in Note 1(s)(ii).




196     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28	CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

    (b)	Share capital (Continued)

          (iii)   Bonus issue

                  Pursuant to the written resolution dated 31 May 2021, the Company allotted and issued
                  749,800,000 shares of nil consideration to the then existing shareholders. No equity changed after
                  the allotment.

          (iv)    Issuance of ordinary shares upon initial public offering

                  On 28 June 2021, the Company issued 250,000,000 ordinary shares at a price of HK$2.48 per
                  share by way of public offering of the Company’s shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
                  of Hong Kong Limited. Net proceeds of RMB493,980,000 (after offsetting listing expenses of
                  RMB21,891,000) from such issue amounted to RMB515,871,000, which was recorded in share
                  capital.

          (v)     Issuance of ordinary shares upon over-allotment

                  On 20 July 2021, an aggregate of 37,500,000, representing 15% of the offer shares initially
                  available under the global offering (before any exercise of the over-allotment option), to cover
                  over-allocations in the international placing, were allotted and issued by the Company at HK$2.48
                  per share being the offer price per share under the global offering. Net proceeds of RMB77,616,000
                  from such issue was recorded in share capital.

    (c)   Exchange reserve

          The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the Historical
          Financial Information of foreign operations with functional currency other than RMB. The reserve is dealt
          with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in Note 1(w).

    (d)   PRC statutory reserve

          Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations and the articles of
          association of the companies comprising the Group which are incorporated in the PRC.

          In accordance with the PRC Company Law, a subsidiary of the Group which is domestic enterprise is required
          to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting
          standards, to its respective statutory reserves until the reserves reach 50% of its respective registered capital.
          For the entity concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and
          may be converted into capital in proportion to the existing equity interests of investors, provided that the
          balance of the reserve after such conversion is not less than 25% of the entity’s registered capital. The
          statutory reserve can be utilised in setting off accumulated losses or increasing capital of the subsidiaries and
          is non-distributable other than in liquidation.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022    197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      28	CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

            (e)     Dividends

                    The directors consider that no dividend was declared and approved during the years ended 31 December
                    2022 and 2021.

            (f)     Capital reserve

                    The capital reserve comprises the following:

                    —        Under PRC rules and regulations, capital reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation and
                             may be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary Shares by the issuance of new
                             shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of
                             the shares currently held by the shareholders; and

                    —        The portion of the grant date fair value of unexercised share options granted to employees of
                             the Company that has been recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for
                             share-based payments in Note 1(s)(ii).

            (g)     Other reserve

                    Other reserve mainly represented the differences between the considerations paid and the relevant carrying
                    value of net assets of the subsidiaries acquired, after eliminating the internal transaction.

            (h)     Capital management

                    The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
                    as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
                    stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access
                    to finance at a reasonable cost.

                    The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
                    the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
                    and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
                    changes in economic conditions.

                    The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio. For this
                    purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total debt (which includes interest-bearing loans and borrowings,
                    and lease liabilities), less cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity.




198     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28	CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

    (h)	Capital management (Continued)

         During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s strategy was to maintain the adjusted net
         debt-to-capital ratio at a range considered reasonable by management. In order to maintain or adjust the
         ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, return capital
         to shareholders, raise new debt financing or sell assets to reduce debt.

         The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-capital ratios at 31 December 2021 and 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                Note                2022               2021
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                  (restated)


          Current liabilities:
          Interest-bearing borrowings                            22               254,599                370,002
          Lease liabilities                                      23                 6,059                  2,528

          Non-current liability:
          Interest-bearing borrowings                            22               189,634                      —
          Lease liabilities                                      23                17,104                   1,883


          Total debt                                                              467,396                374,413

          Less: Cash and cash equivalents                       20(a)          (1,370,359)            (1,548,875)


          Adjusted net debt                                                      (902,963)            (1,174,462)


          Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of
            the Company                                                         2,815,730              2,007,809


          Adjusted capital                                                      2,815,730              2,007,809


          Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                 no net debt             no net debt


         Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements
         throughout the reporting period.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022    199
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




  29       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
           INSTRUMENTS

           Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks arise in the normal course of the Group’s business.

           The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
           manage these risks are described below.

           (a)     Credit risk

                   Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
                   financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables and contract
                   assets. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents and bills receivable is
                   limited because the counterparties are banks, for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.

                   The Group also provide, through banking facilities, performance guarantees as required by its customers
                   under normal course of business. Other than the above, the Group does not provide any other guarantees
                   which would expose the Group to credit risk.

                   Trade receivables and contract assets

                   The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk in industries or countries in which the customers
                   operate. Significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to
                   individual customers. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, 1% and 8% of the total trade receivables and
                   contract assets was due from the Group’s largest customer, 18% and 21% of the total trade receivables and
                   contract assets was due from the Group’s five largest customers respectively.

                   Individual credit evaluations are performed on customers who have high credit risk. These evaluations focus
                   on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into
                   account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the
                   customer operates. Trade receivables are mainly due within 30 days from the date of invoice. Normally, the
                   Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

                   The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime
                   ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not
                   indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on
                   past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

                   In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available
                   without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecast of
                   future economic conditions.

                   Loss allowances for trade receivables are measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these
                   financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
                   adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast
                   general economic conditions at the reporting date.




200    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (a)	Credit risk (Continued)

         Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

         During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there was no significant change in the customer base,
         the credit risk of customers, the Group’s credit policy, the economic conditions and the Group’s view of
         economic conditions over the expected lives of receivables.

         The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
         receivables and contract assets as at 31 December 2022 and 2021:

                                                                  31 December 2022
                                                    Expected loss   Gross carrying
                                                             rate         amount   Loss allowance
                                                               %         RMB’000         RMB’000


          Current (not past due)                  0.03% ~ 0.04%                1,224,048                   (406)
          0–3 months past due                     0.12% ~ 0.30%                  136,480                   (248)
          4–6 months past due                     0.22% ~ 0.88%                   69,294                   (220)
          7–12 months past due                    0.45% ~ 6.04%                   82,435                   (747)
          1–2 year past due                     1.56% ~ 100.00%                    2,433                    (77)


                                                                               1,514,690                 (1,698)

          Customers with high credit risk                 100.00%                 16,675                (16,675)


                                                                               1,531,365                (18,373)


                                                                        31 December 2021
                                                                            Gross carrying
                                                   Expected loss rate             amount         Loss allowance
                                                                   %            RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (restated)             (restated)


          Current (not past due)                   0.11% ~ 0.33%                  925,538                 (1,942)
          0–3 months past due                      0.85% ~ 1.76%                  148,105                 (1,730)
          4–6 months past due                      1.80% ~ 3.05%                   71,528                 (1,634)
          7–12 months past due                    2.61% ~ 12.96%                   55,449                 (3,631)
          1–2 year past due                      3.23% ~ 100.00%                   35,751                 (8,357)


                                                                                1,236,371                (17,294)

          Customers with high credit risk                  100.00%                    984                   (984)


                                                                                1,237,355                (18,278)



                                                                                             Annual Report 2022     201
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
       INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          (a)	Credit risk (Continued)

                  Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                  Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past two years. These rates are adjusted to
                  reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been
                  collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the
                  receivables.

                  Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during the year
                  is as follows:

                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


                    Balance at 1 January                                                         18,278                  17,034

                    Amounts written off during the year                                               (5)                (1,559)
                    Impairment losses recognised during the year                                     947                  5,297
                    Impairment losses reversed during the year                                      (847)                (2,494)


                    Balance at 31 December                                                       18,373                  18,278


                  The following significant changes in the gross carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets
                  contributed to the increase in the loss allowance:

                  —        origination of new trade receivables net of those settled resulted in an increase in loss allowance of
                           RMB1,176,000 (2021: RMB7,286,000);

                  —        settlement of trade receivables originated from prior years resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of
                           RMB12,666,000 (2021: RMB12,992,000);

                  —        increase in days past due over resulted in an increase in loss allowance of RMB11,590,000 (2021:
                           RMB8,509,000); and

                  —        a write-off of trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of RMB5,000 (2021: RMB1,561,000)
                           resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of RMB5,000 (2021: RMB1,559,000).




202   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (b)   Liquidity risk

          The Group has to maintain a suitable level of liquidity to finance the daily operation, capital expenditure
          and repayment of borrowings. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and
          its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and readily
          realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to
          meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

          The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the reporting period of the Group’s
          non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
          payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
          period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                            As at 31 December 2022
                                                             Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                    More than
                                                 Within 1 year 1 year but less       More than                             Carrying
                                         Note   or on demand      than 5 years           5 year            Total            amount
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


           Interest-bearing borrowings   22           267,413         205,403                 —           472,816           444,233
           Trade and other payables      21         1,633,543              —                  —         1,633,543         1,633,543
           Lease liabilities             23             6,947          11,962              7,917           26,826            23,163


                                                    1,907,903         217,365              7,917        2,133,185         2,100,939


                                                                                   As at 31 December 2021
                                                                  Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                            More than 1 year
                                                            Within 1 year       but less than
                                                  Note     or on demand                5 years              Total   Carrying amount
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                (restated)          (restated)         (restated)          (restated)


           Interest-bearing borrowings             22             383,744                 —             383,744             370,002
           Trade and other payables                21           1,094,663                 —           1,094,663           1,094,663
           Lease liabilities                       23               2,609              1,906              4,515               4,411


                                                                1,481,016              1,906          1,482,922           1,469,076




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022         203
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
       INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          (b)	Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                            As at 31 December 2022          As at 31 December 2021
                                                           Contractual undiscounted     Contractual undiscounted cash
                                                             cash (outflow)/inflow              (outflow)/inflow
                                                         Within 1 year                 Within 1 year or
                                                         or on demand            Total     on demand               Total
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000


                    Forward foreign exchange
                      contracts:
                    — outflow                                   (26,431)        (26,431)       (102,083)        (102,083)
                    — inflow                                     25,191          25,191         102,778          102,778


                    Monetary fund:
                    — inflow                                   253,748         253,748               —                —




204   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (c)   Interest rate risk

          Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
          because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from long-term
          borrowings. 59% of the borrowings of the Group are fixed rate instruments and are insensitive to any
          change in market interest rate.

          The Group actively monitors the interest rate fluctuation to ensure that its net exposure is kept to an
          acceptable level.

          (i)    Interest rate profile

                 The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the
                 reporting period.

                                                                  As at 31 December 2022            As at 31 December 2021
                                                                Interest rate                     Interest rate
                                                                           %         RMB’000                 %           RMB’000


                 Fixed rate borrowings:
                 Interest-bearing borrowings                  3.73% ~ 3.93%          254,131   3.85% – 4.43%            370,002
                 Lease liabilities                             0.00% – 4.9%           23,163   0.00% – 6.25%              3,874


                 Total fixed rate borrowings                                         277,294                            373,876


                 Variable rate borrowings
                 Interest-bearing borrowings                5-year LPR-0.57%         106,678              —                   —
                                                               2.51% - 6.81%          83,424              —                   —

                 Total variable rate borrowings                                      190,102                                  —


                 Fixed rate borrowings as a percentage of
                    total borrowings                                                    59%                               100%


          (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                 At 31 December 2022, it is estimated that a general increase of 5% basis points in interest rates,
                 with all other variables held constant, would have decreased the Group’s profit after tax and retained
                 profits by approximately RMB7,483,000 (2021: nil). A 5% decrease of interest rate would have had
                 the equal but opposite effect on them to the amounts shown above.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022        205
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
       INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          (d)     Currency risk

                  (i)      Exposure to currency risk

                           The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to
                           receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency
                           other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies
                           giving rise to this risk are primarily Euros, United States dollars, Japanese Yen, Hong Kong dollar and
                           Renminbi. The Group may also use forward foreign exchange contracts to manage currency risk. As
                           at 31 December 2022, the effect of forward foreign exchange contracts is not material to the Group.

                           The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                           arising from recognised assets denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the
                           entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in
                           RMB, translated using the spot rate at each year end date. Differences resulting from the translation
                           of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency is excluded.

                                                                Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB’000)
                                                                               As at 31 December 2022
                                                                   USD         EUR          JPY        HKD        RMB


                             Cash and cash equivalents          370,618       155,236         65,064             38       14,894
                             Trade and other receivables         39,786         1,839            286             —            —
                             Contract assets                    165,458        44,782             —              —            —
                             Interest-bearing borrowings             —             —              —              —      (254,131)
                             Trade and other payables           (20,634)      (11,061)        (2,879)            (3)          —


                             Net balance sheet exposure         555,228       190,796         62,471             35     (239,237)


                                                                      Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB’000)
                                                                                    As at 31 December 2021
                                                                     USD            EUR            JPY           HKD          RMB


                             Cash and cash equivalents           561,743       438,775          9,168         3,925          9,899
                             Trade and other receivables          97,302           311            495            —              —
                             Contract assets                      27,062        53,226             —             —              —
                             Interest-bearing borrowings              —             —              —             —        (345,002)
                             Trade and other payables            (28,828)      (15,895)          (319)           —          (3,663)


                             Net balance sheet exposure          657,279       476,417          9,344         3,925       (338,766)




206   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (d)	Currency risk (Continued)

         (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained
                profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates
                to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at
                that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that
                the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially
                unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other currencies.

                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                         2022                                 2021
                                                                 Increase/
                                                Increase/      (decrease)                                 Increase/
                                              (decrease)          in profit            Increase/      (decrease) in
                                              in foreign         after tax           (decrease)     profit after tax
                                               exchange      and retained             in foreign      and retained
                                                     rate           profits      exchange rate               profits
                                                       %         RMB’000                      %           RMB’000


                 USD                                    10           46,371                   5             27,934
                 EUR                                     5            7,986                   5             20,248
                 JYP                                     5            2,617                   5                397
                 HKD                                    10                3                   5                167
                 RMB                                     5           (9,928)                  5            (14,398)




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022      207
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
       INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          (e)     Fair value measurement

                  (i)      Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

                           Fair value hierarchy

                           The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end
                           of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy
                           as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is
                           classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the
                           valuation technique as follows:

                           •          Level 1 valuations:          Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
                                                                   prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                                                                   measurement date.

                           •          Level 2 valuations:          Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which
                                                                   fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
                                                                   Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not
                                                                   available.

                           •          Level 3 valuations:          Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                                                    Fair value measurements
                                                                                           as at 31 December 2022 categorised ratio
                                                                     Fair value at 31
                                                                     December 2022            Level 1         Level 2           Level 3
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


                               Recurring fair value measurements

                               Financial Assets
                               Unlisted equity securities                     10,000               —               —             10,000
                               Monetary fund                                 253,748               —          253,748                —


                               Financial Liabilities
                               Forward exchange contracts                     (1,240)              —            (1,240)               —




208   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (e)	Fair value measurement (Continued)

         (i)	Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)

               Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                                Fair value measurements
                                                                       as at 31 December 2021 categorised ratio
                                                   Fair value at
                                                  31 December
                                                           2021           Level 1           Level 2           Level 3
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


                Recurring fair value
                  measurements

                Financial Asset
                Forward exchange contracts                  695                 —               695                —


               During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers between Level 1 and
               Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
               of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

               Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

               The fair value of forward exchange contracts in Level 2 is the estimated amount that the Group
               would receive or pay to transfer the contract at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
               current forward price which is derived from Bank of China.

               Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

               The unlisted equity securities are shares in Lab Direct China Limited, a company incorporated in
               Shanghai and engaged in provision of one-stop integrated procurement and supply services for life
               science industry.

               Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 6 June 2022, the Group invested RMB10,000,000 to
               obtain 1.75% equity interest of Lab Direct China Limited. The Group categorized its investment in
               Lab Direct China Limited as FVPL. No dividends were received on this investment during the year
               (2021: nil).

               As of 31 December 2022, considering the last equity financing within one year and the operating
               of Lab Direct China Limited without any significant change, the fair value of the unlisted equity
               securities could be measured by the historical cost of investment.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022    209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

               (e)	Fair value measurement (Continued)

                       (ii)     Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

                                The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                                materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.


      30       COMMITMENTS

               (a)     Capital commitments

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Authorised but not contracted for                                         25,061                 899,819
                         Contracted for but not provided for                                      438,214                 158,638


                                                                                                  463,275               1,058,457


               (b)     Operating lease commitments

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Within 1 year                                                               5,284                  1,344




210        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     (a)   Name and relationship with related parties

           During the reporting period, transactions with the following parties are considered as related party
           transactions:

            Name of party                                                                                    Relationship


            Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd. (Prior named as “Morimatsu
              Holdings Co., Ltd.”)                                                                  Controlling Shareholder
            Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (Prior named as “Morimatsu
              Industry Company Limited”)                                                                  Parent company
            Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.                                              Fellow subsidiary
            Shanghai Morimatsu Solar Technology Equipment Co., Ltd.                                      Fellow subsidiary
            Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD.                                                             Joint venture
            Terumoto Matsuhisa                                                                     Members of director and
                                                                                                key management personnel
            Jungo Hirazawa                                                                         Members of director and
                                                                                                key management personnel
            Hirotaka Kawashima                                                                     Members of director and
                                                                                                key management personnel
            Koei Nishimatsu                                                                        Members of director and
                                                                                                key management personnel
            Wei Hua Tang                                                                           Members of director and
                                                                                                key management personnel
            Ye Sheng                                                                               Members of director and
                                                                                                key management personnel

           Note:   The English translation of the above company names is for reference only. The official names of the companies
                   established in the PRC are in Chinese.


     (b)   Key management personnel remuneration

           Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
           directors as disclosed in Note 7 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in Note 8, is as
           follows:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


            Short-term employee benefits                                                     12,070                    8,973
            Equity compensation benefits                                                     28,597                   26,190


                                                                                             40,667                   35,163


           Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 5(b)).


                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022        211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      31	MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

            (c)     Related party transactions

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                   (restated)


                      Rental expense
                      Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.               44,481             49,288


                                                                                    44,481             49,288


                      Outsourcing service income
                      Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.                                     511               573


                                                                                       511               573


                      Service income
                      Shanghai Morimatsu Solar Technology Equipment Co., Ltd.            —              7,118


                                                                                         —              7,118


                      Acquisition treated as a combination of businesses
                       under common control
                      Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.                                   8,187                 —


                                                                                     8,187                 —


            (d)     Related party balances

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Amounts due to (trade):
                      Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.               23,662             59,328


                                                                                    23,662             59,328


                      Trade payables                                                23,662             59,328


                                                                                    23,662             59,328




212     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31	MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (d)	Related party balances (Continued)

                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                   （restated)


           Amounts due from (trade):
           Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                   280                    302
           Shanghai Morimatsu Solar Technology Equipment Co., Ltd.                         —                   4,744


                                                                                          280                  5,046


           Trade debtors net of loss allowance                                            280                  5,046


                                                                                          280                  5,046


    (e)   Guarantees provided to related parties

                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


           Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD.                                      10,656                       —


                                                                                      10,656                       —


    (f)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

          These related party transactions constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
          defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are
          provided in the section titled “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” of the Directors’ Report.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022    213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      32       COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                              As at             As at
                                                                                       31 December       31 December
                                                                          Note                2022              2021
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Non-current asset

                 Investment in subsidiaries                                 (a)            1,200,559         827,968


                 Current assets

                 Trade and other receivables                                (b)                164,843       631,711
                 Contract assets                                                                17,744            —
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                     172,026       265,697


                 Current liabilities

                 Trade and other payables                                                       35,648         3,921
                 Contract liabilities                                                            7,729       385,784
                 Interest-bearing borrowings                                (c)                254,481       345,002


                 Net current assets                                                             56,755       162,701


                 Total assets less current liabilities                                     1,257,314         990,669


                 Non-current liabilities

                 Interest-bearing borrowings                                (c)                 83,074            —


                 Net assets                                                                1,174,240         990,669


                 Capital and reserves

                 Share capital                                                                 643,657       571,769
                 Reserves                                                                      530,583       418,900


                 Total equity                                                              1,174,240         990,669


               Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 22 March 2023.




                                 Weihua Tang                                       Kawashima Hirotaka
                                   Directors                                            Directors


214        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32	COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

    (a)   Investment in subsidiaries

          Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 27 August 2021, the registered capital of Morimatsu China
          increased from USD59,731,000 to USD98,509,000. The capital was fully injected during 2021.

          Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 6 September 2021, the Company set up a new subsidiary
          Morimatsu LifeScience with registered capital of HKD780,000,000. The Company injected HKD5,000,000
          and HKD315,500,000 during 2021 and 2022 respectively.

          Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 24 November 2021, the registered capital of Morimatsu China
          increased from USD98,509,000 to USD103,000,900. The capital was fully injected during 2021.

          Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 30 November 2021, the registered capital of Morimatsu Japan
          increased from JPY5,000,000 to JPY50,000,000. The capital was fully injected during 2021.

          Equity-settled share-based payment expenses amounting to RMB108,499,000 (2021: RMB39,264,000)
          were recognized as the investment in subsidiaries for the Pre-IPO Option Scheme and RSU Scheme for the
          year ended 31 December 2022.

    (b)   Trade and other receivables

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                    Note                  2022              2021
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


            Amounts due from subsidiaries                             (i)                164,794                  631,691
            Other debtors                                                                     49                       20


                                                                                         164,843                  631,711

          (i)    As at 31 December 2022, RMB156,786,000, RMB7,899,000, RMB109,000 was mainly due from Morimatsu China,
                 Morimatsu Japan and Morimatsu Investment HK respectively, which was eliminated in the consolidated financial
                 statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022    215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      32	COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

               (c)     Interest-bearing borrowings

                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                        Note                    2022             2021
                                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Current
                         — guaranteed bank loans                                          (i)                  80,605                     345,002
                         — non-guaranteed bank loans                                    (i) (ii)              173,876                          —

                         Non-current
                         — non-guaranteed bank loans                                      (ii)                  83,074                           —


                         Interest-bearing borrowings                                                          337,555                     345,002

                       (i）      As at 31 December 2022, bank loans of RMB80,605,000 from Mizuho Bank and RMB171,286,000 from Sumitomo
                                Mitsui Banking Corporation bear interest at 3.93% and 3.88% respectively per annum. The accrual of interest
                                is RMB2,240,000. The bank loans and interest accrual are repayable on 31 August 2023 and 28 February 2023
                                respectively.

                                As at 31 December 2021, bank loans of RMB110,001,000 from Mizuho Bank and RMB235,001,000 from Sumitomo
                                Mitsui Banking Corporation bear interest at 4.43% and 4.10% respectively per annum. All bank loans are repayable on
                                31 August 2022.

                       (ii）     As at 31 December 2022, bank loans of RMB83,074,000 from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation bear variable
                                interest rate from 2.51% to 6.81%. The accrual of interest is RMB350,000 and will be repaid within three months, which
                                is recognized in the current portion. The bank loan is repayable on 25 November 2024.


      33       NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

               (a)     Investment of new subsidiary

                       On 16 January 2023, the Group set up a new subsidiary, Morimatsu Pharmadule (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
                       (“Pharmadule Singapore”) The Company holds 100% shares directly and has control over Pharmadule
                       Singapore. The register capital of Pharmadule Singapore is SGD500,000. Pharmadule Singapore provides
                       technical and service support for the Group’s business expansion in Southeast Asia. The capital has not been
                       injected into Pharmadule Singapore.

               (b)     Allotment of shares under the subscription

                       On 4 January 2023, the Board approved that a total of 80,000,000 shares will be allotted and issued as fully
                       paid for cash at HK$8.30 per share. The net proceeds (after deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred
                       by the Company) amount to approximately HK$655,049,000.




216        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




34   POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
     ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR BEGINNING ON OR
     AFTER 31 DECEMBER 2022

     Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended
     standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2022 and which have not been adopted in
     these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the group.

                                                                                   Effective for accounting periods
                                                                                              beginning on or after


      HKFRS 17, Insurance contracts                                                                         1 January 2023

      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:
       Classification of liabilities as current or non-current                                              1 January 2023

      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and                                        1 January 2023
       HKFRS Practice Statement 2, Making materiality judgements:
       Disclosure of accounting policies

      Amendments to HKAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting                                      1 January 2023
       estimates and errors: Definition of accounting estimates

      Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to                                          1 January 2023
       assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction


     The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be
     in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
     impact on the Group’s results of operations and financial position.


35   IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTIES

     At 31 December 2022, the directors consider the immediate parent of the Group to be Morimatsu Holdings Co.,
     Ltd. and ultimate controlling party of the Group to be Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd., which are incorporated in Japan.
     These entities do not produce financial statements available for public use.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   217
      Definitions


      “Adhesive”                           is a polymer compound that is an inactive component of power cell electrodes and is
                                           one of the most important materials that must be used in the preparation of power cell
                                           electrodes

      “AGM”                                refers to the annual general meeting of the Company

      “Articles of Association”            refers to the Articles of Association of the Company, as amended from time to time

      “Audit Committee”                    refers to the Audit Committee under the board of directors

      “Biopharmaceuticals”                 refers to products that are made from organisms, biological tissues, cells, body fluids,
                                           etc. by using the principles, approaches and research results of microbiology, chemistry,
                                           biochemistry, medicine and other subjects

      “Bioreactor/Fermenter System” the devices that grow animal cells, bacteria or yeast, etc. under controlled conditions, and
                                    are used to produce antibodies, vaccines, insulin or other drugs in the pharmaceutical
                                    manufacturing process

      “Capital Expenditure Projects”       the large-scale capital expenditure projects of enterprises in the downstream industry,
                                           mainly used for the construction of new process units or the purchase of large-scale core
                                           industrial equipment and high-value industrial solutions

      “CDMO”                               Contract development and manufacturing organization

      “CG Code”                            refers to the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules

      “Controlling Shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and, in the context of this annual
                                           report, refers to Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto, Mr. Matsuhisa Hiroyuki, Morimatsu Holdings
                                           and Morimatsu Group

      “CXO”                                Contract X Organization, is a pharmaceutical outsourcing service, mainly including
                                           organizations that serve the three major links of research and development, production
                                           and sales in the pharmaceutical industry

      “Deed of Non-Competition”            the deed of non-competition undertaking dated 10 February 2021 entered into by our
                                           Controlling Shareholders in favour of the Company, further information of which is set
                                           forth in the section headed “Directors’ Report” in this annual report

      “Degradable Material”                a kind of material that can meet the requirements of use in terms of properties and remain
                                           unchanged during the storage life, and can be degraded to environmentally benign
                                           substances in natural environment after being used

      “Digital Operation and               means to apply the Internet of Things (IoT) technology to enable local or remote
         Maintenance”                      management of the operation, maintenance of equipment and buildings via a digital
                                           platform. This significantly improves management efficiency and level, and really achieves
                                           the purposes of cost reduction and efficiency improvement




218      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                            Definitions




“Dual Carbon Commitment”       refers to China’s commitment of its “dual carbon” target made in September 2020. i.e.
                               to reach peak CO2 emissions by 2030 and to strive to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060

“Electrolyte”                  means the carrier for ion transport in a battery. It is generally composed of lithium salts
                               and organic solvents, and as a conductor of ions between the positive and negative
                               electrodes of a lithium battery. The electrolyte is generally composed of high purity
                               organic solvents, electrolytic lithium salts, necessary additives and other raw materials,
                               and is prepared under certain conditions and in a certain ratio

“Electrolytic Lithium Salts”   an important part of lithium-ion batteries, it provides lithium-ion batteries with free
                               shuttle ions and undertakes the role of transporting ions inside the battery. At the same
                               time, it can also form a protective layer on the surface of electrode materials, which largely
                               determines the capacity, operating temperature, cycle performance, power density,
                               energy density and safety of lithium-ion batteries

“Electronic Chemicals”         refers to the fine chemical products supporting the electronic industry, one of the
                               important supporting materials for the electronic industry. The quality of electronic
                               chemicals not only directly affects the quality of electronic products, but has significant
                               effect on the industrialisation of the microelectronic manufacturing technology. The
                               development of the electronic industry requires synchronisation of the electronic chemical
                               industry. Therefore, electronic chemical has become one of the key materials prioritised by
                               all countries around the world in order to develop the electronic industry

“EUR” or “Euro”                refers to euro, the lawful currency of the Eurozone

“Global Offering”              the offer of the Shares for subscription as described in the section headed “Structure of
                               the Global Offering” in the Prospectus

“High-nickel Ternary”          refers to lithium battery ternary cathode material with relatively high nickel content

“HKD” or “HK$”                 refers to Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                    refers to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“IFRS(s)”                      refers to International Financial Reporting Standards

“International Sanctions”      all applicable laws and regulations related to economic sanctions, export controls,
                               trade embargoes and wider prohibitions and restrictions on international trade and
                               investment related activities, including those adopted, administered and enforced by the
                               U.S. Government, the European Union and its member states, the United Nations or the
                               Government of Australia

“Japan”                        Japan

“Jinliang Technology”          Shanghai Jinliang Technology Service Co., Ltd. (上海金亮科技服務有限公司), a company
                               established with limited liability in the PRC on 27 December 2021, and a general partner
                               of Jinwen Consultation




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022    219
   Definitions




   “Jinwen Consultation”                   Shanghai Jinwen Enterprise Consultation Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                           (上海金聞企業諮詢管理合夥企業(有限合夥)), a partnership established with limited
                                           liability in the PRC on 10 March 2022, and one of the shareholders of Morimatsu
                                           Biotechnology

  “JPY”                                    refers to Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan

  “Listing” or “IPO”                       refers to the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 June
                                           2021

  “Listing Date”                           the date on which dealings of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange first
                                           commenced, which is 28 June 2021

  “Listing Rules”                          refers to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                           Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

  “Lithium Bis (fluorosulfonyl)            is used to prepare inorganic salts and organic ionic liquids containing bis (fluorosulfonyl)
      Amide”                               amide ions, which can effectively reduce the viscosity and improve the conductivity of
                                           electrolytes

  “Lithium Difluorophosphate”              an inorganic compound with the chemical formula LiPO2F2, mainly used as an additive for
                                           lithium-ion batteries

      “Lithium                             refers to an important electrolyte (the four major components of a power cell: positive
          Hexafluorophosphate”             electrode material, negative electrode material, electrolyte, and separator) that conducts
                                           ions and electrons between the positive and negative electrodes

      “Lithium Tetrafluoroborate”          refers to an inorganic compound with the chemical formula LiBF4, mainly used as an
                                           electrolyte in lithium batteries

      “Main Board”                         refers to Main Board of the Stock Exchange

      “Model Code”                         refers to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                           out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

      “Module/Modular”                     the design idea and installation method for preassembling of key equipment, other
                                           components, pipe structures, electrical instruments, etc. in a manufacturing plant, so as
                                           to minimize the work quantity on project site, and reduce cost of on-site jobs and on-site
                                           failures

      “Mori-Biounion Technology”           Shanghai Mori-Biounion Technology Co., Ltd. (上海森眾生物技術有限公司), a company
                                           established with limited liability in the PRC on 24 May 2022 and an indirect non-wholly
                                           owned subsidiary of the Company

      “Morimatsu Biotechnology”            Shanghai Morimatsu Biotechnology Co. Ltd. (上海森松生物科技有限公司), a company
                                           established in the PRC on 17 January 2022 with limited liability and an indirect non-wholly
                                           owned subsidiary of the Company




220      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                      Definitions




“Morimatsu Chemical”         Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海森松化工成套裝備有限公司),
                             a company established in the PRC with limited liability on 17 November 2004, which is
                             owned by Morimatsu Seiki and 株式會社森松総合研究所 as to 80.85% and 19.15%,
                             respectively

“Morimatsu China”            Morimatsu (China) Investment Co., Ltd (森松(中國)投資有限公司), a company established
                             in the PRC with limited liability on 7 June 2010 and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
                             the Company

“Morimatsu Dialog”           Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., a private company established in Malaysia with
                             limited liability on 14 September 2021, which is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary
                             of the Company

“Morimatsu Engineering       Shanghai Morimatsu Engineering Technology Co. Ltd. (上海森松工程技術有限公司),
  Technology”                a company established in the PRC on 19 November 2021 with limited liability and an
                             indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu Group (森松グル       Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd., formerly known as Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (森松
  ープ株式會社)”                   ホールディングス株式會社), a limited liability company incorporated in Japan on 1
                             September 2015, which is controlled by Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto by holding 100% of its
                             voting shares, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Morimatsu Heavy Industry”   Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry Co., Ltd. (森松(江蘇)重工有限公司), a company
                             established in the PRC on 13 May 2008 with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned
                             subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu Holdings”         Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (森松ホールディングス株式會社), formerly known as
                             Morimatsu Industry Co., Ltd. (森松工業株式會社), a company incorporated in Japan with
                             limited liability on 2 May 1964, which is controlled by Morimatsu Group, and one of our
                             Controlling Shareholders

“Morimatsu Houston”          Morimatsu Houston Corporation, a company incorporated in the United States with
                             limited liability on 17 January 2008, and acquired by Pharmadule Sweden on 28 February
                             2022, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu LifeSciences”     Morimatsu (Suzhou) LifeSciences Company Limited (森松(蘇州)生命科技有限公司), a
                             company established in the PRC with limited liability on 26 September 2021 and a direct
                             wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu Pharmaceutical    Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd (上海森松製藥設
  Equipment”                 備工程有限公司) (formerly known as Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment
                             Company Limited (上海森松製藥設備有限公司)), a company established in the PRC with
                             limited liability on 29 November 2001 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                             Company




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   221
   Definitions




   “Morimatsu Pressure Vessel”          Shanghai Morimatsu Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd (上海森松壓力容器有限公司), now known
                                        as Shanghai Nagamori Machinery Co., Ltd. (上海森永工程設備有限公司), a company
                                        established in the PRC with limited liability on 14 October 1990, which is currently
                                        owned as to 55.76% by Mr. Wang Guobin (王國斌), 25.30% by Shanghai Haitai Plastic
                                        Machinery Co., Ltd. (上海海太塑料機械有限公司), 14.94% by Shanghai Saima Enterprise
                                        Consulting Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海賽瑪企業諮詢管理合夥
                                        企業(有限合夥)) and 4.00% by Wang Tianxin (王天馨), being Independent Third Parties,
                                        respectively

  “Morimatsu Seiki”                     Shanghai Morimatsu Seiki Co., Ltd. (上海森松精機有限公司), a company established in
                                        the PRC with limited liability on 24 September 2019, and wholly-owned by Morimatsu
                                        Holdings

  “Morimatsu T&S”                       Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited (森松T&S株式會社) (formerly
                                        known as Shanghai Morimatsu Co., Ltd (上海森松株式會社) and Morimatsu Industry
                                        Bunkatsu Junbi Co., Ltd. (森松工業分割準備株式會社)), a company incorporated in Japan
                                        with limited liability on 31 January 2014 and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                        Company

  “NMP (N-Methylpyrrolidone)”           a colorless and transparent liquid, and one of the most commonly used auxiliary materials
                                        for lithium batteries like adhesive, with the main function of dissolving the positive and
                                        negative active materials

  “Nomination Committee”                refers to the Nomination Committee of the Board

  “Pharmadule Singapore”                Morimatsu Pharmadule (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a private company established in Singapore
                                        with limited liability on 16 January 2023, which is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                        Company

  “Pharmadule Sweden”                   Pharmadule Morimatsu AB (formerly known as “Goldcup 6476 AB”), a company
                                        incorporated in Sweden with limited liability on 3 March 2011 and a direct wholly-owned
                                        subsidiary of the Company

  “Photoresist”                         refers to resist-resistant thin-film materials whose solubility changes through irradiation or
                                        radiation of ultraviolet light, electron beams, ion beams, and X-rays, etc.

  “Post-IPO Share Option                refers to the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company and became
     Scheme”                            effective on 10 February 2021, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Statutory
                                        and General Information — D. Other Information — Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in
                                        Appendix V to the Prospectus

  “Power Battery”                       refers to the power battery refers to the ternary polymer lithium battery used in new
                                        energy vehicles, which is a kind of lithium battery with three elements: nickel salt, cobalt
                                        salt, and manganese salt/lithium aluminate as its cathode materials, graphite as its anode
                                        material, and mainly lithium hexafluorophosphate as its electrolyte

  “PPT Grade”                           a unit of concentration, equivalent to 10 to the negative 12th power




222   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Definitions




“PRC” or “China”            refers to the People’s Republic of China which, for the purpose of this annual report,
                            excludes Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

“Pre-IPO Share Option       refers to the pre-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company and became effective
   Scheme”                  on 1 July 2020, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Statutory and General
                            Information — D. Other Information — Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix V to
                            the Prospectus

“Prospectus”                refers to the prospectus issued by the Company dated 15 June 2021

“Recombinant Protein”       refers to a protein obtained using recombinant Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) or
                            recombinant ribonucleic acid (RNA) technology, which intercepts and clones the most
                            active gene fragment in the protein, and then introduce it into the recipient cells for
                            continuous reproduction, and then separate and purify the expressed protein to obtain
                            the recombinant protein

“Remuneration Committee”    refers to the Remuneration Committee of the Board

“Renminbi” or “RMB”         refers to Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”          refers to the period of one year from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022

“RSU Scheme”                refers to the restricted share unit scheme adopted by the Company on 15 December
                            2021

“SEK”                       refers to Swedish Krona, the lawful currency of Sweden

“Separator”                 located between the positive electrode and the negative electrode of a power battery with
                            the main function of separating the positive and negative active materials to prevent the
                            two electrodes from getting short-circuited caused by contact

“SFO”                       refers to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                            as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“SGD”                       the legal currency of Singapore, the Singapore dollar

“Shanghai Securities News   a newspaper that is published by Xinhua News Agency (新華通訊社) since 1991, a
   (上海證券報)”                 national financial daily that mainly provides securities professional information

“Shareholders”              refers to holders of the Shares

“Shares”                    refers to ordinary shares of the Company

“Single-use Bioreactor”     refers to a bioreactor using a disposable bag instead of a culture container made of
                            stainless steel or glass, also known as Disposable Bioreactor




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   223
   Definitions




   “Sodium                                 refers to an inorganic compound with the chemical formula NaPF6, mainly used to prepare
      Hexafluorophosphate”                 other hexafluorophosphates

      “Stock Exchange”                     refers to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “Ternary Anode Material”             means a power battery anode material consisting of ternary materials (typically NiCuMn
                                           or NiCoAl)

      “Ternary Precursor”                  means nickel and cobalt (aluminum) ternary complex hydroxide, the front-end material
                                           of the cathode material, which plays a decisive role in the performance of the cathode
                                           material

      “USD” or “US$”                       refers to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “VBDATA.CN (動脈網)”                    is a technology media focusing on the field of Internet medical and digital medical health,
                                           and a website of Beijing Egg Yolk Technology Co., Ltd. (北京蛋黃科技有限公司)

      “%”                                  per cent

      In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “associate”, “connected person”, “connected
      transaction”, “subsidiary”, and “substantial shareholder” have the meanings ascribed to them in the Listing Rules.




224      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
