Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited                                                                 Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
森松國際控股有限公司                                                                                                       森松國際控股有限公司
（於香港註冊成立的有限公司）                                                                                                   (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)
股份代號：2155                                                                                                        Stock code : 2155




                                                   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited 森松國際控股有限公司

                            2024
                            年 報
                                                                                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                                                             Annual Report 2024 年報
Contents
Corporate Information                              2

Chief Executive Officer’s Statement                4

Directors and Senior Management                    7

Financial Summary                                13

Management Discussion and Analysis               14

Directors’ Report                                41

Corporate Governance Report                      65

Environmental, Social and Governance Report      88

Independent Auditor’s Report                     111

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         118

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income                       119

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     120

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      122

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             124

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   126

Definitions and Glossary                         218
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

    Executive Directors                                   Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap
                                                          Ms. Lau Wai Yee
    Mr. Nishimatsu Koei
    Mr. Hirazawa Jungo                                    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Tang Weihua
    Mr. Sheng Ye                                          Mr. Nishimatsu Koei
    Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka                                Ms. Lau Wai Yee

    Non-executive Directors                               AUDIT COMMITTEE

    Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)                     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly (Chairperson)
                                                          Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
    Independent Non-executive Directors                   Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto

    Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                               REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
    Mr. Yu Jianguo                                        Mr. Yu Jianguo (Chairman)
                                                          Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
    REGISTERED OFFICE                                     Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto

    29/F, One Exchange Square                             NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong
                                                          Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)
    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                    Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
    BUSINESS IN THE PRC                                   Mr. Yu Jianguo

    No. 29 Jinwen Road, Zhuqiao Town                      HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
    Pudong New District, Shanghai, PRC
                                                          Tricor Investor Services Limited
    COMPANY’S WEBSITE ADDRESS                             17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                          16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
    www.morimatsu-online.com




2      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL BANKERS                                      LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAW

Agricultural Bank of China Shanghai Zhangqiao Branch   Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
2/F, 600 Jialin Road                                   Suites 3203–3207, 32/F, Edinburgh Tower
Pudong New District, Shanghai, PRC                     The Landmark, 15 Queen’s Road Central
                                                       Central, Hong Kong
Mizuho Bank (China) Limited
21/F, Shanghai World Financial Centre                  AUDITOR
100 Century Avenue
Pudong New District, Shanghai, PRC                     KPMG
                                                       Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (China) Limited    the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
11/F, Shanghai World Financial Centre                  8/F, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road
100 Century Avenue                                     Central, Hong Kong
Pudong New District, Shanghai, PRC
                                                       STOCK CODE

                                                       2155




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   3
    Chief Executive Officer’s Statement


    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Morimatsu International Holdings Company
    Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I am pleased to present the annual report of the
    Group for the year ended 31 December 2024, with an aim to provide a recap of the journey during the past year and an
    outlook of our development.

    2024 was a challenging year for the Group. The complex and variable global economy, together with the persisting weak
    market demand and volatile international situation, resulted in a difficult environment for the Group. However, leveraging
    the strong support of the Board and the unity of all management and staff, the Group maintained a positive trend against
    the prevailing circumstances and achieved satisfying results despite the unfavorable factors, demonstrating the Group’s
    resilience and outstanding capacity under such challenges.

    Thanks to the trust and support of each Shareholder, the persistence of the management, as well as the hard work and
    dedication of all staff, the Group has been able to steadily grow under the challenges. Our executive directors visited
    oversea customers to gain insight into their future needs, the sales team worked around the clock to actively secure new
    orders and the project team worked day and night at the sites. The adherence to this “three efforts lead to one success”
    philosophy has resulted in the Group’s results today.

    In response to the complex and various operating environment and industry demand, the Group stayed highly alert and
    vigilant. In the beginning of 2024, the Group formulated a detail action plan to create a scientific reasonable layout of the
    human resources and hardware capacity by way of precise observation of the market trend. Under the overall shrinking
    market demand, the Group actively developed its market and industry diversity, avoided over-reliance on any single market,
    industry or customer to effectively diversify the risks and ensure stable corporate growth.

    During the rapid growth in the past few years, the Group continued to be prepared for danger in times of peace and
    constantly reviewed and adjusted its development strategies. The Group abandoned the traditional philosophy of “capacity
    determines the income and scale decides the orientation”, adhered to the overall improvement of operating efficiency
    as its core, oriented by a high level of technology and a high level of value-added output and promoted the sustainable
    high-quality growth of the enterprise. Through detailed analysis of the international economy and industry development
    trend, the Group adhered to the aforementioned development strategies and adopted a wait-and-see attitude, which in
    turn maintained a stable operating status amidst the volatile macro-environment.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group witnessed the cyclical ups-and-downs of the downstream industry and experienced
    the gradual decline of industry demand. These challenges further demonstrated the effectiveness of the Group’s strategies.
    The Group upheld downstream industry diversification and effective resources allocation to avoid over-reliance on one
    single industry, which in turn led to cyclical downfall. The Group upheld market geographical diversification and leveraged
    on the cyclical differences of industry demand across different countries and regions to infuse the corporate development
    into the global and diversified market layout. Meanwhile, as a traditional “business to business (B2B)” manufacturing
    corporation, the Group has understood that our ability to respond to technology innovation and product iteration demand
    in the downstream industry is crucial to our existence and development. Based on the underlying technology of material
    synthesis, we have ensured that over 70% of the resources (including human resources and hardware capacity resources)
    can be shared among departments and business units, which in turn lead to diversified products and services to satisfy
    different needs of various downstream industries. In addition, the Group invested approximately 20% of process and
    research and development (“R&D”) resources (including human resources, laboratory resources and cooperation platforms
    between universities and research institutions) into new technology development, new product R&D and implementation of
    new applications of our downstream customers, to deeply participate in these activities and establish our strong customer
    relationship, creating an unique competitive edge.



4      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Chief Executive Officer’s Statement




During the Reporting Period, the Group’s process and R&D team collaborated with downstream customers in many
aspects, participated in new product development, project establishment and project feasible study. Meanwhile, the joint
R&D platforms with local and oversea universities and research institutions achieved substantial progress among several
non-commercialized areas. The Group obtained phased achievement in advanced areas such as green energy, sustainable
food and non-metal material synthesis. As the global economy gradually improves, the human society strives for a healthier,
more environmental friendly and more intelligent lifestyle, bringing the Group a broader room for development.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Changshu manufacturing base in Suzhou has commenced production. It is a
leading upstream production line for advanced life science products in the Asia-Pacific region and globally. As of today, such
manufacturing base has successfully delivered the mega-volume bioreactor and the world’s first modular drug conjugate
(XDC, a multiple antibody drug conjugate) production equipment in the oversea market. Currently, the Group is actively
promoting various advanced production line projects and core equipment projects of multinational leading corporations
across different industries. In terms of the life science business unit with unlimited potential, the Group will continue to
deploy resources to develop small-scale and desktop products, penetrate into industry chain sectors with higher value,
expand standardized products and further solidify the Group’s market position.

During the Reporting Period, the expansion of the Group’s Malaysia manufacturing base has been progressing well as
planned. More and more multinational customers have laid eyes on the Group’s oversea manufacturing base and explored
the Group’s oversea capacity in detail by way of onsite inspection. During the Reporting Period, the Malaysia manufacturing
base has delivered many batches of products such as modular plants and core equipment to international customers,
covering various downstream industries including chemical, raw materials of power battery and electronic chemical. The
hardware and service capability of the Malaysia manufacturing base has been testified by real-life projects and received high
recognition from customers. Looking forward, the Malaysia manufacturing base will provide more options for multinational
customers. It will also collaborate with the Group’s engineering design centers in Singapore and Malaysia to provide more
efficient solutions for customers around the globe.

With an aim to become a multinational corporation, the Group strives to establish an international brand and corporate
image, fully leverage on its local resources, better serve global branches of multinational corporations, cater to local needs
of oversea corporations and broaden the global market. Starting from a foreign trade enterprise 20 years ago and gradually
developing into a multinational corporation in every aspect, the Group is transforming from simple and cost-effective
output into creating technical and operating values for customers. As the internationalization progresses, the strategic
collaboration between the Group and leading multinational corporations in different industries will continue to deepen,
creating value for our customers worldwide.

2024 was the year of artificial intelligence (“AI”), with its global application and scale beyond imagination. During the
Reporting Period, the Group has actively gained access to the leading international AI platforms, empowering all business
units and functional departments to embrace the AI era. In terms of new technology R&D, the Group has made full use of
the algorithm and bionic functions of the AI platforms to rapidly screen out application scenarios and boost R&D efficiency.
In terms of design and engineering, the Group has leveraged on the big data and automatic algorithm of AI platforms
to optimize the speed and quality of designs and improve engineering solutions, assisting customers to achieve process
and cost optimization. For production management, the Group has established an intelligent and digitalized process
management system with an aim to create a fully digitalized twin operation to continuously optimize its production volume,
quality, safety and energy consumption by ways of data collection and prediction models. 2024 was the year of AI origin
for the Group, which was also the start of the Group’s comprehensive intelligence and digitalization.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   5
    Chief Executive Officer’s Statement




    While constantly upgrading itself, the Group also pays attention to the feedback from Shareholders. The Company shares
    the benefits of its development with all Shareholders through distributing annual dividends and repurchasing Shares on the
    secondary market, to enhance Shareholders’ confidence.

    Looking back to 2024, all members of the Group have been working hard from day to night, hand in hand. As the Chief
    Executive Officer, I am proud of every single one of them. Under the challenges, all members of the Group have been united
    in their endeavors to strive for the best operating results with their utmost efforts. I would like to take this opportunity to
    once again express my heartfelt gratitude to our Shareholders for their unwavering trust. Bearing in mind the expectation
    and trust from all parties, the Group will continue to maximize Shareholders’ interests under the new global operating
    environment and achieve new goals, transforming the corporation from “high-end equipment manufacturer” to “industry
    process engineering solution provider” with rapid global delivery capabilities. The Group will establish a new benchmark for
    digitalization and intelligence and further tap into the unexplored markets.




    Nishimatsu Koei
    Chief Executive Officer




6      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                               Directors and Senior Management


DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (西松江英), aged 60, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1
September 2020. Mr. Nishimatsu is also our chief executive officer responsible for overseeing general management
and daily operation of the Group. Mr. Nishimatsu also serves as chairman and general manager of Morimatsu China,
chairman of the board of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, chairman of Morimatsu Heavy Industry and chairman of Morimatsu
LifeSciences.

Mr. Nishimatsu has around 34 years of experience in pressure equipment industry. From April 1991 to November 2012,
Mr. Nishimatsu served at Morimatsu Holdings. He joined Morimatsu Holdings as an officer of design department (設計部)
and was promoted as the executive officer and the head of the overseas department (海外事業部) and was responsible
for supervising the business expansion of Morimatsu Pressure Vessel in the PRC market. From March 2017 to March 2021,
Mr. Nishimatsu was a director of Morimatsu Holdings but he did not participate in its day-to-day operations. From January
1998 to December 2009, Mr. Nishimatsu served at Morimatsu Pressure Vessel. He joined Morimatsu Pressure Vessel as
an officer and was subsequently promoted as the general manager of Morimatsu Pressure Vessel and was responsible for
general operation and management of client relationship maintenance. From January 2008 to December 2010, he served
as the general manager of Morimatsu Chemical Equipment and was responsible for overseeing its production operations.
Since October 2010, Mr. Nishimatsu has served as the general manager of Morimatsu China and is responsible for its
daily management operations. Since June 2020, he has served as chairman of Morimatsu China and Morimatsu Heavy
Industry. Since September 2021, he has served as chairman of Morimatsu LifeSciences. Since January 2024, he has served
as chairman of the board of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical.

Mr. Nishimatsu obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical and mechanical engineering from East China University of
Science and Technology (華東理工大學) in the PRC in July 1985. He subsequently obtained a master’s degree in business
administration from China Europe International Business School (中歐工商學院) in the PRC in July 2002. He was a recipient
of the 2018 Magnolia Award (2018年白玉蘭紀念獎) issued by Foreign Affairs Office of the Shanghai Municipal People’s
Government (上海市人民政府外事辦公室) in September 2018.

Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (平澤準悟), aged 41, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1
September 2020. Mr. Hirazawa is also our chief finance officer responsible for overseeing financial planning and control,
accounting operations and internal control systems of the Group.

Mr. Hirazawa has around 17 years of experience in accounting, auditing and financial management. From April 2008 to
March 2019, Mr. Hirazawa served at Juroku Bank Ltd (株式會社十六銀行) in Japan. He joined Juroku Bank Ltd as an officer
and was subsequently promoted to a manager of the inspection department and was responsible for the management
of corporate financing and financial compliance. In the periods from October 2014 to October 2017 and from April 2018
to March 2019, Mr. Hirazawa was seconded to Morimatsu Holdings (being the client of Juroku Bank Ltd) and served as
an accounting manager and the principal of the chairman’s office (董事長室室長), respectively, where he was principally
responsible for the accounting, auditing, corporate governance, financial consolidation management and general financial
management of Morimatsu Holdings. From April 2019 to June 2020, Mr. Hirazawa worked as a senior finance manager
of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for overseeing the financial planning, budget management and the general
financial management. Since March 2020, Mr. Hirazawa has served as the supervisor of Pharmadule T&S. Since June 2020,
he has served as the supervisor of Morimatsu China. Since September 2021, he has served as the supervisor of Morimatsu
LifeSciences. Since May 2022, he has served as the director of Morimatsu Houston. Since June 2022, he has served as the
director of Morimatsu Holdings. Since January 2023, he has served as the director of Pharmadule Singapore. Since October
2023, he has served as a director of Morimatsu Singapore. Since November 2023, he has served as a director of Morimatsu
T&S.


                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   7
    Directors and Senior Management




    Mr. Hirazawa obtained a bachelor’s degree in business and commerce from Keio University (慶應義塾大學) in Japan in
    March 2008.

    Mr. Tang Wei Hua (湯衛華), aged 55, of Chinese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1 September
    2020, responsible for overseeing production operations (life science business unit) of the Group. Mr. Tang also holds
    directorship and the general manager in Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, director and general manager of Morimatsu
    LifeSciences, chairman of Morimatsu Biotechnology, chairman of Mori-Biounion Technology, director of Pharmadule
    Singapore and director of Lifesciences Singapore.

 Mr. Tang has over 25 years of experience in pressure equipment industry. From July 1991 to May 1999, Mr. Tang worked
 as a pipeline engineer at Shanghai Petrochemical Installment and Maintenance Co., Ltd (上海石化安裝檢修工程有限公司)
 and was responsible for pipeline related technology support. In May 1999, Mr. Tang joined Morimatsu Pressure Vessel
 and has since worked in the Group. From May 1999 to May 2003, he was pipeline engineer (管道工程師) and head
 of pipeline team (管道組組長) at Morimatsu Pressure Vessel, and was responsible for providing technology support for
 pressure equipment production. In January 2003, Mr. Tang was appointed as the head of system engineering department
 (系統工程科科長) of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical and subsequently promoted as the deputy general manager of Morimatsu
 Pharmaceutical since May 2008 and the general manager of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical since April 2011. Since September
 2021, he has served as director and general manager of Morimatsu LifeSciences. Since January 2022, he has served
 as chairman of Morimatsu Biotechnology. In March 2022, he was elected as a council member by Shanghai Producer
 Services Promotion Association. Since May 2022, he has served as chairman of Mori-Biounion Technology. He has served
 as a director of Pharmadule Singapore since July 2023. He has served as the member and the vice chairman of the 8th
 council of the Shanghai Society of Biotechnology since October 2023. Since December 2023, he has served as a director of
 Lifesciences Singapore.

Mr. Tang obtained a bachelor’s degree in water supply and drainage engineering from the University of South China (南
華大學) (formerly known as Hengyang Institute of Technology (衡陽工學院)) in the PRC in June 1991. He subsequently
obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 2007. He
obtained the qualification of professorate senior engineer specializing in digital technology research and development from
Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau in August 2023.

Mr. Sheng Ye (盛曄), aged 50, of Chinese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1 September 2020,
responsible for overseeing production operations (energy and materials business unit) of the Group. Mr. Sheng also holds
directorship and general manager in Morimatsu Heavy Industry, chairman and general manager of Morimatsu Engineering
Technology and a director of Morimatsu Singapore.

Mr. Sheng has around 29 years of experience in pressure equipment industry. In October 1996, Mr. Sheng joined
Morimatsu Pressure Vessel and has since worked in the Group. From October 1996 to October 2010, Mr. Sheng held
various positions in Morimatsu Pressure Vessel, including development engineer (開發工程師), deputy chief of the
sales department (銷售部副科長) and deputy head of technology department (技術部副部長), and was responsible for
monitoring research and development of customised pressure equipment and overseeing sales and marketing operations.
From October 2010 to February 2017, Mr. Sheng served at Morimatsu China. He joined Morimatsu China as a deputy head
of technology department (技術部副部長) and was promoted as the head of technology department (技術部部長) and the
principal of technology supporting centre (技術支持中心主任). Since October 2018, Mr. Sheng has served as the general
manager of Morimatsu Heavy Industry and is responsible for supervising and management of sales, design and manufacture
of new materials. Since November 2021, he has served as chairman and general manager of Morimatsu Engineering
Technology. From July 2023 to March 2024, he has served as a director and the chief executive officer of Pharmadule
Singapore. Since March 2024, he has served as a director of Morimatsu Singapore.




8      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Sheng obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering equipment and mechanics (化工設備與機械) from East
China University of Science and Technology (華東理工大學) in the PRC in July 1996. He subsequently obtained an executive
master’s degree of business administration from Nankai University (南開大學) in the PRC in July 2012. Mr. Sheng obtained a
certificate of senior engineer (高級工程師證書) issued by Shanghai Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau
(上海市人力資源和社會保障局) in December 2012.

Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka (川島宏貴), aged 54, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as an executive Director on 1
September 2020, responsible for production capacity guarantee and environmental, social and governance issues of the
Group. Mr. Kawashima also holds directorship in Morimatsu China, Morimatsu Dialog and Morimatsu T&S, respectively.

Mr. Kawashima has around 29 years of experience in pressure equipment industry. From March 1996 to October 2003, Mr.
Kawashima served at Morimatsu Holdings, where he served as an officer of quality control department and was promoted
as a manager of overseas department thereof in October 2003. In October 2003, he was designated to serve Morimatsu
China and has since served as the head of production department (生產部部長), the principal of the chairman’s office (董
事長室室長) and vice general manager of Morimatsu China. Since September 2021, he became a director of Morimatsu
Dialog. Due to the internal organizational adjustment of Morimatsu China, he no longer served as the head of production
department and principal of the chairman’s office of Morimatsu China since January 2023. Since December 2023, he has
served as a director of Morimatsu T&S.

Mr. Kawashima obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in metallurgical engineering from Iwate University (岩
手大學) in Japan in March 1993 and March 1995, respectively. Mr. Kawashima also obtained a master’s degree in business
administration from China Europe International Business School (中歐工商學院) in the PRC in August 2014.

Non-executive Director

Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (松久晃基), aged 61, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as a non-executive Director
on 1 September 2020. Mr. Matsuhisa is also the chairman of our Board responsible for supervising the overall strategic
planning of the Group but is neither working on a full-time basis with the Group nor otherwise involved in the daily
operation and management of the Group. He is one of our Controlling Shareholders. He is also the Chairman of the
nomination committee and a member of the audit committee and remuneration committee of our Board.

Mr. Matsuhisa has over 39 years of experience in business operation and corporate management. After graduation in
March 1986, Mr. Matsuhisa commenced his career with Morimatsu Holdings. He then served from January 1989 to January
1992, as a chief of corporate planning department (企業經營企劃室長) of Morimatsu Holdings, and from January 1992 to
September 1993, as a head of the overseas business department (海外事業部部長) and the director thereof. Mr. Matsuhisa
was appointed as the general manager of Morimatsu Pressure Vessel in September 1993 and subsequently as the
executive vice president thereof in November 1997. Since August 2013, Mr. Matsuhisa ceased his management position
in Morimatsu Pressure Vessel. Mr. Matsuhisa is currently the executive director and chief executive officer of Morimatsu
Holdings and holds various positions in the subsidiaries of Morimatsu Holdings (other than the Group).

Mr. Matsuhisa obtained a bachelor’s degree in electronics engineering from Waseda University (早稻田大學) in Japan in
March 1986.

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly (陳遠秀), aged 54, of Chinese nationality, was appointed as our independent non-executive
Director on 10 February 2021. She is also the chairperson of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration
committee of our Board.



                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   9
     Directors and Senior Management




     Ms. Chan has over 30 years of experience in financial and business management. She obtained a bachelor’s degree in
     accountancy from the City Polytechnic of Hong Kong (香港城市理工學院) (currently known as City University of Hong
     Kong (香港城市大學)) in 1992. She is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
     the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”) and the Hong Kong Institute of Directors. Ms. Chan was
     previously responsible for management at various multinational corporations, including serving as the chief financial officer
     at LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton Group and Heineken Group. Ms. Chan also served at branches of Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu in Hong Kong and the United States. Ms. Chan is currently the managing director of Peony Consulting Services
     Limited, a company which is principally engaged in provision of business advisory services.

     As at the date of this annual report, Ms. Chan is an independent non-executive director of Aluminum Corporation of China
     Limited (中國鋁業股份有限公司), the H shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2600) and the A
     shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601600), an independent non-executive director of
     China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited (招商局港口控股有限公司), the shares of which are listed on the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 0144) and an independent non-executive director of Best Mart 360 Holdings Limited (優品360控股
     有限公司), the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2360).

     In October 2020, Ms. Chan was appointed as a Justice of the Peace by the Hong Kong government in recognition of her
     remarkable public services and contribution to the community. In March 2022, Ms. Chan was awarded with Advocacy
     Award for the China region by the ACCA in recognition of her relentless support for the accountancy profession. Ms.
     Chan was the president of ACCA Hong Kong from 2008 to 2009 and was the president of the Association of Women
     Accountants (Hong Kong) (“AWAHK”) from 2020 to 2021. She is currently the council member of the AWAHK and the
     vice chairman of Shenzhen Hong Kong Macau Women Directors Alliance.

     Ms. Chan is currently the chairperson of the Employees’ Compensation Insurance Levies Management Board of Hong Kong,
     and a member of the board of the Air Transport Licensing Authority of Hong Kong, the board of the Housing Authority
     of Hong Kong, the Town Planning Board of Hong Kong, the Environment and Conservation Fund Committee of Hong
     Kong and the board of United College of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Ms. Chan was previously a member of the
     Council of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, the council of the Hong Kong Repertory Theatre, Education Commission
     of Hong Kong, Quality Education Fund Steering Committee of Hong Kong, Harbourfront Commission of Hong Kong,
     Advisory Committee on Arts Development of Hong Kong, the board of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, the
     Independent Commission on Remuneration for Members of the Executive Council and the Legislature, and Officials under
     the Political Appointment System of Hong Kong, Hospital Governing Committee of the Buddhist Hospital of Hong Kong,
     Hospital Governing Committee of the Rehabaid Centre of Hong Kong, the Kowloon Regional Advisory Committee of the
     Hospital Authority of Hong Kong, Occupational Safety and Health Council of Hong Kong, the board of directors of Ocean
     Park Hong Kong and the board of Rehabaid Society of Hong Kong.

     Mr. Kanno Shinichiro (菅野真一郎), aged 81, of Japanese nationality, was appointed as our independent non-
     executive Director on 10 February 2021. Mr. Kanno is responsible for supervising the management of the Group and
     providing independent judgment to our Board. He is also a member of the audit committee and nomination committee of
     our Board.

     Mr. Kanno has over 59 years of experience in the financial and banking industry. From April 1966 to March 2002, Mr.
     Kanno worked at the Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd (“IBJ”) and held various positions, including counselor of several branch
     offices in Japan, manager and the chief representative of the Shanghai branch office, the director and chairman of the
     Chinese committee (中國委員會), and the executive director and senior counselor of IBJ, and was principally responsible
     for developing new financial products, analyzing financial policies, and facilitating and monitoring the expansion of the
     financial services of IBJ in the PRC market. In April 2002, IBJ and two other Japanese banks merged into a new entity,
     namely, Mizuho Financial Group (株式会社みずほファイナンシャルグープ) (“MF”) whose shares are listed on several
     stock exchanges, including the Tokyo Stock Exchange (stock code: 8411) and the New York Stock Exchange (stock code:
     MFG), and he then served from April 2002 to August 2002 as the chief executive officer of Mizuho Human Service Ltd.,




10      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                         Directors and Senior Management




a subsidiary of MF in Japan, and from September 2002 to August 2012 as an advisor of Mizuho Bank Ltd (瑞穗銀行有限
公司), a subsidiary of MF in Japan. From September 2012 to March 2023, he served in the Tokyo International University
(東京國際大學) as a distinguished professor (formerly referred to as adjunct professor). Since June 2021, he has held the
position of supervisor of Toyodenso Co., Ltd. (東洋電裝株式會社, a non-listed company).

Mr. Kanno obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Yokahama National University (橫濱國立大學) in Japan in
March 1966.

Mr. Yu Jianguo (于建國), aged 64, of Chinese nationality, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
10 February 2021. Mr. Yu is responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to our Board. He is also the
chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of the nomination committee of our Board.

Mr. Yu has over 30 years of experience in chemical and environmental protection industries. Mr. Yu is a tutor of East China
University of Science and Technology (華東理工大學) (“ECUST”) for doctoral candidates. He had served a number of roles
and positions in different departments of ECUST, including the director of its science and technology department (華東
理工大學科技處), the director of its national technology transfer centre (華東理工大學國家技術轉移中心), the dean of
its college of resources and environmental engineering (華東理工大學資源與環境工程學院), the director of the National
Environmental Protection Key Laboratory of Chemical Process Risk Assessment and Control (華東理工大學國家環境保護
化工過程風險評價與控制重點實驗室), the vice-president and the dean of its post-graduate school (研究生院) of ECUST.
Mr. Yu is also currently the director of the National Salt Lake Resources Comprehensive Utilisation Engineering Technology
Research Center of ECUST (華東理工大學國家鹽湖資源綜合利用工程技術研究中心), and the director of the Resource
Process Engineering Research Center of the Ministry of Education (教育部資源過程工程研究中心). Academic part-times of
Mr. Yu include the deputy director of Inorganic Salt Professional Committee of China Chemical Industry Association (中國
化工學會無機鹽專業委員會), and the vice-chairman of Shanghai Chemistry and Chemical Industry Association (上海市化
學化工學會). Mr. Yu is also an expert in the field of resources and environment in the “11th Five-Year Plan” period of the
National 863 Programme (國家863計劃) and an expert in the subject-matter experts of “12th Five-Year Plan” resources,
and a member of the Second Science and Technology Committee of the Ministry of Education (教育部科技委).

As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Yu is a non-executive director of Ganfeng Lithium Group Co., Ltd. (江西贛峰鋰業
集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 1772), whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Yu obtained a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in inorganic chemical engineering from East China Institute of
Chemical Technology (華東化工學院) (being a predecessor of ECUST) in the PRC in July 1982 and in July 1987, respectively.
Mr. Yu also obtained a doctor’s degree in chemical engineering from ECUST in the PRC in July 1998.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei. Please refer to the paragraphs headed “— Directors — Executive Directors” above in this section
for details of biography of Mr. Nishimatsu.

Mr. Hirazawa Jungo. Please refer to the paragraphs headed “— Directors — Executive Directors” above in this section
for details of biography of Mr. Hirazawa.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   11
     Directors and Senior Management




     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap (李凱納), aged 40, was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company on 25
     September 2020. Mr. Lee has over 16 years of experience in the accounting and financial management industry. He is a
     chartered secretary and a member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (“HKCGI”) (formerly known
     as “The Hong Kong Institute of chartered secretaries”) and The Chartered Governance Institute (“CGI”) (formerly known
     as “The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators”) in the UK. In February 2009, Mr. Lee joined Morimatsu
     Holdings as a management trainee and was assigned to a job rotation. From February 2009 to July 2010, Mr. Lee served as
     an accountant of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for account management. From July 2010 to June 2016, Mr. Lee
     was designated as a financial manager of Morimatsu China and was responsible for overseeing financial analysis, feasibility
     study, accounting and financial compliance. From June 2016 to November 2017, Mr. Lee served as the chief finance officer
     of Pharmadule Sweden and was responsible for financial planning and financial risk management. From November 2017
     to June 2020, Mr. Lee was designated as the financial manager of Morimatsu Holdings and was responsible for collection
     and reporting of financial and accounting information of our overseas companies to Morimatsu Holdings. Since June 2020,
     for purpose of the Listing, Mr. Lee was designated back to the Company as a manager and is responsible for management
     of accounting and compliance matters. Since March 2024, Mr. Lee has served as a director of Morimatsu International
     Investment Company Limited (“MII”). Mr. Lee obtained a dual bachelor’s degree in laws and commerce from the University
     of New South Wales in Australia in August 2007. He subsequently obtained a master’s degree in professional accounting
     and corporate governance from the City University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in October 2017. Mr. Lee was admitted
     as a lawyer of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in February 2015 and was also admitted as a certified practising
     accountant from the Australian Society of Certified Practising Accountants in December 2018.

     Ms. Lau Wai Yee (劉惠儀), aged 59, was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company on 25 September
     2020. Ms. Lau is a director of Immanuel Consulting Limited, a licensed company service provider specialising in integrated
     business and corporate services. Ms. Lau has over 37 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field and has been
     providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore
     companies. Her expertise extends from corporate advisory and regulatory compliance, corporate restructuring to dissolution
     of companies. Ms. Lau is a chartered secretary and a fellow of both HKCGI and CGI in the UK and fellow of The Hong
     Kong Institute of Directors. Ms. Lau has been appointed as the company secretary of Shanghai Realway Capital Assets
     Management Co., Ltd., the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1835) since 13 October 2019.




12      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Financial Summary


The following is a summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years.
The financial information for the years ended 31 December 2024 is extracted from consolidated financial statements in this
Annual Report. The financial information for 2020 and 2021 were restated accordingly due to the completion of acquisition
of 100% equity interest in Morimatsu Houston on 28 February 2022.

                                                               For the year ended 31 December
                                                    2020             2021       2022        2023                    2024
 OPERATING RESULTS                             RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                               (restated)       (restated)


 Revenue                                      2,983,045        4,286,222        6,486,277       7,360,262       6,948,354
 Gross profit                                   851,169        1,183,583        1,793,386       2,055,704       2,049,777
 Profit before taxation                         341,815          449,143          760,917         984,334         911,254


 Profit for the year                            289,756          381,838          666,182         842,548         729,881


 Profit/(loss) for the year
   attributable to
 Equity shareholders of the Company             289,756          381,838          669,266         844,684         737,241

 Non-controlling interests                            —                —            (3,084)         (2,136)         (7,360)


                                                289,756          381,838          666,182         842,548         729,881


                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                    2020             2021         2022       2023                   2024
 FINANCIAL POSITION                            RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                               (restated)       (restated)


 Total assets                                 3,041,801        5,704,508        7,960,582       8,932,076       8,908,333
 Total liabilities                            2,044,526        3,696,699        5,137,936       4,541,467       3,632,477


 Net assets                                     997,275        2,007,809        2,822,646       4,390,609       5,275,856


 Equity attributable to equity
   shareholders of the Company                  997,275        2,007,809        2,815,730       4,382,491       5,048,359
 Non-controlling interests                           —                —             6,916           8,118         227,497


 Total equity                                   997,275        2,007,809        2,822,646       4,390,609       5,275,856




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024    13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     MISSION STATEMENT

     The Group’s products and technologies help society pursue a greener earth, healthier life and smarter tools through the
     development of modern industrial civilization.


     DEVELOPMENT VISION

     The Group aims to provide customers with the world’s leading core equipment, high value-added process solutions, digital
     intelligence integrated plant solutions (including process packages), and value-added services covering the full life cycle.


     CORPORATE VALUE

     With a people-centered approach that respects talent, we prioritize our customers, strive for mutual success with our
     partners, pursue excellence, build a strong brand, foster continuous innovation, and seize opportunities.


     CORPORATE AND OPERATING STRATEGIES

     Corporate Strategy

                                                                    Illustration for the Corporate Strategy of the Group
                                                                           Diversification + Globalization + Intelligentization



                                                                                                             Core Business
                 Keep in line with                       Technology                                                                          Core process                Consulting and
                                                                                   Overall delivery     Engineering delivery
                leading enterprises                        output                                                                             equipment                 technical services
                        and
                   serve material
                     innovation                                                                       Competitive Advantage
                                                    International                                                        One-stop                               Rapid global deployment
                                                                             Global resources                (from feasibility study to delivery)
                                                        team                                                                                                            solutions




                    Development Theme: Sustainability                                                       Major Products and Services                                               Downstream
                                                                                                                                                                                      Applications

                                  Energy and Materials
                                                                                                      Engineering and                        Advanced
                                                                                                                                                                                             Biosynthesis
                  Traditional      Advanced new         Biosynthetic   Green energy                       Services                          Manufacturing
                  energy and         materials          energy and     and materials
                   materials                             materials                                             EPCOO
                                                                                                       (general contracting +               Reactors and other core
                                                                                                      operation & maintenance                 process equipment
                                                                                                        services + continuous
                                          LifeSciences                                                  process optimization)


                                    Medical and                                                                                                                                        Chemical synthesis
                 Large/small
                                    beauty care         Green food        Others                         After-sales service
                molecule drugs                                                                                                                  Integrated system
                                   and family care                                                        (maintenance +                             products
                                                                                                           consumables)


                                     Smart Computing
                   High-purity                                                                                                                                                            Digital intelligent
                                                    Semiconductor                                      Technical consultation
                  chemical raw      Wet electronic material recovery                                                                                Modular factory                        process control
                  materials and                                         Data centre                        and transfer
                                     chemicals       and recycling
                   ingredients




                                                                                                                                              Talent Strategy
                                     Development Path
                                                                                                                                              Learning organization              University-Enterprise
                                                                                                           Global layout
                                                                                                                                                                                     co-training
              Endogenous: new business incubation
                                                          Exogenous: M&A + investment
                  + entrepreneurship platform
                                                                                                      Internal entrepreneurship               Platform organization              Enterprise co-training




14      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




In general, corporate strategy refers to a thinking approach for entrepreneurs to set growth goals, deploy resources,
cultivate talents, design products, and expand markets in the pursuit of sustainable development in accordance with
dynamic macro-environmental changes. It also acts as the core value and intrinsic driver that guides enterprises to
continuously build and enhance their competitive advantages amid evolving conditions.

The Group remains dedicated to serving multiple industries reliant on new material synthesis, including oil and gas refinery,
chemical, raw materials of power battery, electronic chemical, pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, family care and
other emerging sectors and applications. The Group focuses on the engineering development and application of material
synthesis technologies, delivering high-performance reaction equipment and system solutions and integrated solutions
based on thermal field and flow field dynamics analysis during chemical and biological reactions.

The Group’s core competitive advantage resides in its full leverage of global talent and technological resources to discern
technological iterations and product innovation demands across diverse industries. Through business and technical
services grounded in integrated solutions — encompassing fixed expenditure cost estimations centered on core equipment
and operating cost-oriented economic benefit evaluations — the Group delivers full life cycle services characterized by
“industrial technology as the platform, core equipment and integrated engineering solutions as the vehicle, and continuous
production process improvement as the objective”, enabling deep engagement in downstream industries’ innovation and
iteration.

The competitive edge of the Group is evolving from “cost advantage” to “value-added advantage” for customers.

Operating Strategy

Moving beyond the traditional pre-sales consultations, equipment production, and after-sales maintenance/repair services,
the Group has advanced to become a supplier and service provider capable of delivering tailored services closely aligned
with customer needs, such as joint research and development, technical advice, optimization of technologies, supplies of
consumables, and support for digital operations and maintenance. With its robust design and development capabilities
and extensive experience in project execution, the Group is set to further delve into technology-driven outputs and
transform towards a service-oriented manufacturing model. This development aims to facilitate a more seamless, efficient,
environmentally friendly, and health-conscious path to sustainable development for downstream industries.

Superior product and service quality is fundamental to the Group’s survival and the basis of its competitive edge. The
Group remains committed to delivering high-quality products and services to customers. Building upon non-standard
specifications, the Group provides products and services aligned with customers’ demands, which imposes higher
requirements on the company itself. Amid cyclical demand fluctuations from downstream industries and multifaceted
challenges arising from diversifying technologies, products and services, the Group continues to enhance its management’s
operational capabilities and employees’ service competencies.

Product Strategy — MVP Solutions+

The technologies and products of the Group serve different application stages in downstream industries, including
research and development, internal/external project initiation and financing, engineering design, construction, operation,
and process improvement. The Group adheres to a market strategy that focuses on value-based services, persistent
innovation, close proximity to demand, and orientation towards the future, to provide customers with products and services
covering the entire life cycle from feasibility analysis, laboratory research and development, demonstration production,
commercialization production to continuous process improvement, and ultimately, to form the strategy of MVP Solutions+
based on process performance, with specific products as the carrier and continual services as the platform.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     MVP

     Machines — Core Equipment: The core equipment, designed to achieve theoretical heat and mass transfer in
     large volume equipment, works to realize new material synthesis processes that are theoretically based on chemical and
     biological reaction equations and feasible at the practical laboratory level, at the process level production scale. These
     devices are generally reactors in production facilities for different products, the typical products of which include bioreactors
     (for the field of biopharmaceuticals), oxidation reactors (for chemical industry), protein and microbial fermentation tanks
     (for the fields of biopharmaceuticals and family care), hydrogenation reactors (for refinery industry), molten salt reactors (for
     chemical industry), vapor deposition reactors (for the field of raw materials for photovoltaic and semiconductors), and high-
     pressure acid leaching reactors (for the field of raw materials for power batteries).

     Additionally, during the Reporting Period, the Group has commenced market deployment of single-use bioreactors
     tailored for desktop and miniaturized application scenarios, alongside high-efficiency microchannel reactors with wide
     application in chemical and fine chemical fields. Through these single-use bioreactors, the Group aims to achieve cross-tier
     penetration within the pharmaceutical sector — advancing from commercial production phases to various clinical phases,
     while expanding from large-scale production to laboratory and other miniaturized application scenarios. The high-efficiency
     microchannel reactors deliver more environmentally friendly and efficient chemical production solutions to customers.




16      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




Values — Value Empowerment: While providing core equipment-based products to downstream industries
and customers, the Group remains committed to developing high value-added integrated products and solutions.
The most common applications include process systems deployed in chemical and fine chemical, pharmaceutical and
biopharmaceutical, and family care industries. These systems primarily function as integrated systems for process synthesis
segments within production lines, incorporating sophisticated mechatronic product platforms and control systems.
Meanwhile, the Group is working with its customers to promote device improvement and technology upgrading, the typical
products of which include the modular overseas engineering centers in the fields of raw materials for power batteries,
pilot production devices for lithium battery raw materials, large-scale modular products for the oil and gas and chemical
industries and integrated solutions for the field of semiconductor high-purity chemical reagents.




Plants — Highly Integrated Systematic Solutions: This is an extreme industrial product that directly aims at
customers who intend to commercialize their critical advanced material synthesis technologies and provides one-stop
“service + product + service” systematic solutions, covering the entire process from project initiation consultancy, technical/
commercial feasibility studies, process route design, engineering design, core equipment delivery, system manufacturing/
installation/commissioning/certification, operation and maintenance management to continuous optimization of the
process, with optional incorporation of continuous supply arrangements for critical consumables and auxiliary materials.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     The one-stop systematic solutions are compatible with regulations and industry standards in multiple countries and
     maximize in-plant manufacturing according to customer needs, with unique advantages in supply chain stability, project
     economics, and delivery security to help customers rapidly deploy capacity around the globe, deliver new technologies
     and realize the timely introduction of new products. The Group’s experience and strengths in the design and manufacture
     of core equipment in multiple fields and in the implementation of overseas projects further enhanced the reliability of
     systematic solutions. Application scenarios for systematic solutions include modern biopharmaceutical plants, factories for
     family care products, fine chemical production plants and plants for the production of raw materials for power batteries.

     The “service + product” pattern based on integrated engineering solutions can cover the entire life cycle of specific
     products and technologies and enhance upstream and downstream interconnectivity, thereby maximizing the bonding
     between the Group and industry/customers, streamlining technical and project interfaces for customers, continuously
     updating and iterating the Group’s products and technologies in response to the continuous innovation needs of its
     customers, and enabling global promotion of Morimatsu products with controlled technological parameters, cost efficiency,
     risk mitigation, and operation and maintenance sustainability.

     MVP Solutions+

     The MVP Solutions+ refers to the product strategy that utilizes process packages as the technology carrier and continuous
     service as the interface for upstream and downstream interactions, in addition to the above three types of products. Its
     advantages mainly include:

     (1)       Closer to the customers’ value needs, enhance customer bonding and loyalty.

     (2)       Closer to the development trends of the downstream industry, actively integrate into the process of customers’
               technology update and product iteration.

     (3)       Continue to improve our competitive advantages, deepen the development of the moat effect and minimize the
               long-term homogeneous competition.

     (4)       Avoid continuous investment in hardware assets and downplay the inevitable link between hardware capacity
               growth and business development.

     (5)       Continuously enhance the Group’s technological attributes and continue to improve self-learning and evolutionary
               capabilities.

     (6)       Develop a unique development model for manufacturing enterprise, avoiding dependence on a single product, a
               single market, and realizing continuous updating and iteration of core technologies and products.




18         Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis




Process Packages and Continuous Service Delivery

A process package generally refers to PDP (i.e. process design package, a set of technical process packages) and
performance indicators (expected values and guaranteed values of performance indicators should be listed separately, such
as product output, yield, conversion rate, product quality, and characteristic indicators of consumption). It generally includes
a complete set of technical documents, which set out the detailed definitions of the process flow of the production device,
material and energy balance, process control interlocking requirements, equipment layout, core equipment selection,
electrical and instrumentation requirements, as well as the requirements in material, environmental protection, safety, and
operational aspects. Therefore, it is the most important programmatic and guiding document in the synthetic materials
process.

In addition to the above, the Group’s process packages include engineered solutions for core equipment and on-site startup
(commissioning of the plant) services, to guarantee the operational performance of the complete system.

Through self-research, technology introduction and joint development, the Group has its own original process package
products in the following fields:

(1)    Photovoltaic raw materials (silicon production sector);

(2)    Lithium battery raw materials (wet metallurgy process, electrolyte configuration process, additive production
       process, solvent recovery process, etc.);

(3)    Semiconductor industry (manufacture of high-purity chemical reagents and other specialty chemicals);

(4)    Specialty chemical production.

Continuous service delivery refers to the Group’s utilization of its aforementioned technological reserves, product reserves
and extensive global project experience to provide customers with services transcending specific product formats. Beyond
addressing customers’ requirements for specific product pricing (procurement budgets), the Group is dedicated to
understanding the deep-rooted needs of the downstream industry, in addition to physical products, with the goal of value
empowerment, the Group provides customers with a variety of forms of ancillary services and various products based
on personalized customization, including project initiation consultancy, technical/commercial feasibility studies, modular
solutions, industrial small test, pilot test and miniaturized solutions, assists customers to achieve the optimal configuration in
terms of technological feasibility, commercialization efficiency, operational cost optimization and methods of delivery, while
at the same time reducing the management and communication interfaces in the process of project execution, simplifying
the project execution process and reducing execution risks.

Commencing with servicing projects of renowned multinational corporations in China, the Group remains steadfastly
committed to delivering technologies, products and services that meet or exceed international industry standards to global
industry leaders, innovators at the technological forefront, and rapidly emerging enterprises in regional markets. By serving
these customers over a long term, the Group has gained sustained exposure to cutting-edge technologies across industries
and real-time demands of different markets. These in-depth and long-term interactions with multinational corporations and
industry leaders have driven continuous iterations and enhancements of the Group’s products, technologies and services,
evolving in tandem with customers to shape industry development trajectories.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024    19
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  UNDERLYING TECHNOLOGIES, INNOVATIVE THINKING AND SUSTAINABLE
  DEVELOPMENT

  The Group’s underlying technologies are derived from the knowledge and engineering application of biological and
  chemical reactions (including synthesis and polymerization reactions), involving various professional disciplines such as
  chemical engineering, bio-engineering, metal materials, mechanics (including fluid mechanics, solid mechanics, material
  mechanics, etc.), non-destructive testing, computer software, network technology, and virtual reality technology.

  The Group has independent biological reaction facilities, chemical reaction facilities, virtual technology simulation facilities,
  and joint laboratories, as well as materials laboratories, non-destructive testing centers, engineering centers, software
  development centers, and data processing centers in compliance with international standards, which are capable of
  providing full life cycle technical protection and operation and maintenance for research and development, front-end
  services (pre-sales), project execution, and back-end support (post-sales).

  The above-mentioned underlying specialties and technologies are applied in downstream industries involving biological
  and chemical reactions. In particular, the thermal field analysis, the flow field analysis, and the process route design in the
  reacting materials (to solve and optimize the heat and mass transfer of a specific material in a certain environment) will
  directly determine whether the practical application capability of the reactors and core equipment can meet the design
  requirements.

  The Group’s core technology is to, amongst others, transform laboratory technologies and small-scale production
  technologies in the fields of original downstream technologies into engineered products and solutions that are equipped
  with the features of being highly integrated, high-performance, and cost-effective. Each technology upgrade from the
  downstream industry drives the update in products and technology of the Group. At the same time, the talent pool,
  research and development and technical teams of the Group, as well as its diversified and extensive industry experience,
  can help downstream enterprises jointly realize the introduction of new technologies and products. Digitalized full-life
  cycle technology solutions will help enhance the technical attributes and upgrade potential of core equipment in different
  industries and assist the Group’s products and services to be more oriented towards deeper value services, thereby
  enhancing customer stickiness while achieving technological innovations and industry advancement downstream.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group actively served the continuous innovation needs of downstream industries, focusing
  on the three development themes of “Healthy”, “Green” and “Smart”, combining with the technological updates and
  product iterations of the downstream industries, and continuously empowered customers in different regions. In the
  fields of environmentally friendly materials, sustainable energy, commercialization of new biopharmaceuticals, and global
  computing power enhancement, we provide customers with MVP Solutions+ consisting of core equipment, value-added
  services, and overall solutions (including process packages, detailed design, delivery of module plants, and pre-sales and
  after-sales services).

  “Sustainability” is not only a strategic goal for the development of the Group but also an important goal for the
  development of human society carried out by the downstream industries the Group has been serving for a long period. The
  products and technologies developed by the Group based on this concept are as follows:

  (1)       renewable energy production equipment and technologies (biomass green alcohol energy and sustainable aviation
            fuel),

  (2)       sustainable materials production equipment and technologies (high-performance biodegradable materials),

  (3)       sustainable food solutions and equipment (large-scale cultivation of artificial proteins),

  (4)       sustainable industrial development model (modular factory solutions).




20      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




DEVELOPMENT PATH — OVERSEAS EXPANSION AND BUSINESS DIVERSIFICATION

Changes in the macro temporal and spatial environment serve as critical factors driving adjustments in corporate business
strategies, representing unavoidable variables in corporate development that must be thoroughly and comprehensively
considered when formulating development strategy. The Group’s development strategy is based on the objective reality of
the long-term coexistence of diverse customer demands and market conditions, aiming to mitigate excessive reliance on any
single track, market, product, or demand cycle.

In the course of the Group’s global operations over the past 30 years, the Group has navigated several pivotal
developmental phases: 1) the demand cycle of “import substitution” in the PRC market, 2) the cycle of whole industrial
chain construction in the PRC market, 3) the cycle of global sourcing in overseas markets, 4) the cycle of industrialization
in developing countries, and 5) the cycle of diversification of supply chain in the current global market. It has always been
the cornerstone of the Group’s corporate strategy to continuously meet the diversified needs of our customers in different
industries and internationally during different demand cycles.

Different business segments of the Group have always targeted various downstream industries, with the goal of breaking
into the global supply chains of the leading enterprises in these sectors, particularly the supply chains and value chains of
core equipment, complete sets of equipment and core technologies. So far, the Group has successfully entered the lists
of first-line suppliers and strategic partners of global leading enterprises in the fields of oil and gas refinery, chemical,
pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, and raw materials for power batteries. The Group has repeatedly succeeded in the
first export of the same kind of goods from the PRC, among which typical cases of exports include:

In 2002, the Group undertook the first overseas project, and this was the first time that China exported chemical equipment
to Europe in accordance with Pressure Equipment Directive (PED) specifications.

In 2004, the Group undertook the first overseas family care equipment project.

In 2005, the Group undertook the first overseas biopharmaceutical project.

In 2008, the Group undertook the first overseas modular production equipment project.

In 2011, the Group undertook the first overseas new energy vehicle lithium battery raw material project (modular
production equipment).

In 2024, the Group undertook the first overseas mega-volume bioreactor project for artificial meat cultivation.

In 2024, the Group delivered the first overseas drug conjugate (XDC, a multiple antibody drug conjugate) modular
production equipment.

In 2024, the Group delivered the world’s first biomass green methanol production equipment.

In 2024, the Group’s Malaysia manufacturing base delivered the first modular production equipment for raw materials of
power battery.

In 2024, the Group signed the first green energy project in South America (green power coupling + biomass synthesis green
energy).




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   21
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  The Group’s business strategy of “leading international enterprises in the long run and actively serving the material
  innovation industry” requires the Group to establish itself as a truly international brand. An international brand is not only
  defined by the ability to export products but also by the capacity to build and utilize global resources and serve customers
  worldwide. This capability is reflected in the formulation of common corporate technology standards, the establishment of
  cross-national and cross-sector teams, the operation of overseas branches, and the participation in cross-border mergers
  and acquisitions (“M&A”).

  Since entering the 21st century, the Group has successfully delivered diversified forms of products and services, as well as
  ongoing tracking and maintenance to customers in different countries. Through diversification of technologies, services
  and products, the Group has established a stable customer base. Currently, approximately 70% of annual collaborations
  involve regular customers, comprising three types of enterprises: global multinational enterprises, regional multinational
  enterprises, and country-specific leading enterprises. The sustained innovation initiatives and capital commitments from
  the above enterprises, coupled with escalating global deployment demands, have created sustained opportunities for the
  Group to support the demand for products and technology innovation in various industries, which are serving as a perpetual
  growth engine for the enterprise.

  Deepening its presence in overseas markets, the Group is committed to building itself into a comprehensive multinational
  enterprise with global operations, R&D capabilities in Europe and the U.S., manufacturing bases in the Asia-Pacific region,
  and localized service capabilities. By fully integrating technological resources and industry first-mover advantages from
  developed industrialized regions, the Group aims to transform its global network of branches into efficient solution
  platforms, pre-and post-sales service platforms, and regional business expansion platforms. Currently, the Company has its
  own subsidiaries and offices in the following countries and regions:

  (1)       China		                 —          operating headquarters, manufacturing bases, design and engineering centers

  (2)       Hong Kong               —          registered office

  (3)       Japan		                 —          technical and engineering service center

  (4)       India		                 —          engineering and project service center

  (5)       Italy		                 —          advanced technology and project service center

  (6)       Singapore		             —          advanced technology and project service center

  (7)       Sweden		                —          technical and project service center

  (8)       USA		                   —          technical and project service center

  (9)       Mexico		                —          engineering and project service center

  (10)      Malaysia		              —          manufacturing base and project service center




22      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




CORPORATE SUSTAINABLE GROWTH AND INVESTMENT STRATEGY

The Group has established sustainable high-quality growth as its strategic objective, targeting the innovation demands
of the global synthetic materials industry. It aims to build team resources and operational capabilities to serve markets
worldwide. While continuously enhancing hardware production capacity that meets international standards, the Group
leverages its global branch network to strengthen talent and technological reserves, deepen and expand existing customer
relationships, and proactively plan for downstream industry demands. The Group’s global strategy requires not only driving
internal growth for large-scale enterprises by improving operational efficiency, elevating customer service capabilities, and
extending market reach, but also accelerating external growth through business expansion and increase in the number of
product pipeline.

Aiming at high-efficiency external growth, the Group plans to enhance synergy effects for existing business segments
while improving competitiveness and market share in vertical fields, and expand corporate existing operational scope
and business footprint in horizontal fields through various forms of external investments (including equity investments
and M&A). During the Reporting Period, the Group has been seeking enterprises and teams worldwide that align with its
development strategy and operational status. There are two main forms of investment strategy for the Group:

(1)    Investment strategy targeting new product pipelines: Based on existing customer base (micro-level incremental
       demand) and market conditions (macro-level existing demand), this strategy pursues equity investments or M&A
       opportunities with the short-term goals of investing existing production capacities, technologies, teams and
       market shares; the mid-term goals of extending the Group’s current product pipelines; the long-term goals of
       achieving diversified sustainable development; and the strategic goals of establishing independently operational and
       sustainable business divisions.

(2)    Investment strategy targeting synergies: Focusing on upstream and downstream sectors of the Group’s current
       principal business, this strategy engages in new fields and technological developments within downstream
       industries through equity investments or M&A. Targeting first-mover advantages, it creates synergies with the
       Group’s existing operations and resources to expand industrial chain depth and breadth. The investment strategy
       typically prioritizes operational performance improvements, pursuing the objectives of short-term result delivery,
       mid-term talent cultivation, and long-term team-building.

In addition to the above two investment strategies, during the Reporting Period, the Group also purchased short-term low-
risk wealth management products based on the operating cash flow position to enhance the utilization of liquidity.

OPERATING STATUS AND RESPONSE STRATEGIES

The Group experienced adjustment cycles in certain downstream industries during the Reporting Period, with local markets
experiencing over-investment in the early stages of key industries, coupled with a sharp contraction in demand from key
customers (mostly leaders in various industries). The proportion of the Group’s business in these individual markets declined
rapidly from approximately 60% in 2021 and 2022 to less than 30% in 2023 and 2024.

During the Reporting Period, the delay in the progress of certain material contracts has resulted in the conversion of
previously long-cycle orders into multiple phased orders (by extending the execution cycle of large orders through
fragmenting single orders into multiple phased orders). This conversion has led to corresponding deferrals in revenue
recognition, causing the Group’s first decline in total revenue since its listing.

During the Reporting Period, with major international currencies such as the USD being impacted by the previous interest
rate hikes, and geopolitical factors in key markets including Europe and North America being more pronounced than in
previous years, the capital expenditure pace across multiple industries in China and the Asia-Pacific region was moderate
compared to the pandemic period.



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   23
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Due to the profound impact the of previous COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy, investment expectations and
  confidence in various industries were significantly adjusted during the Reporting Period. The decline in global consumer
  market demand, particularly in the two major consumer markets of China and the U.S., has restricted the development
  of the international materials industry, leading to a widespread slowdown in investment pace across most industries and
  noticeable changes in consumption pace. Against the dynamics of the international market, an increasing number of
  downstream industries and customers have begun actively adjusting their investment pace. Compared with the previous
  short-sighted, quick return-seeking investment style, current physical investment decision-making demonstrates greater
  prudence, enhances emphasis on investment pace control, and improves scientific rigor with longer-term perspectives.

  In response to the above changing factors, the Group has adopted the following strategies during the Reporting Period:

  (1)       Establishing the core principle of prioritizing orders. From the chief executive officer through executive directors
            to the persons in charge of each division, the management at all levels has taken the initiative to go out of the
            Company and penetrate into the frontline of the market. Through face-to-face customer engagements, the Group
            has not only precisely captured customers’ immediate needs but also gained profound insights into their medium-
            to-long-term needs. Leveraging an efficient response mechanism, this comprehensive service penetration model
            ensures all customer demands are addressed with timeliness and appropriateness.

  (2)       Moving the focus of sales efforts forward for further enhancement of sales effectiveness. This involves abandoning
            the traditional model that solely emphasized service project cycles and budgets, and instead prioritizing front-
            end aspects such as service economic benefit forecasting, service project initiation, and service technical feasibility
            studies. This approach significantly increases the visibility of sales efforts during the pre-project stage and elevates
            the involvement of the Group’s relevant teams in early-stage customer projects, thereby establishing a solid
            foundation for the successful realization of final orders. Concurrently, the comprehensive and in-depth pre-project
            services can maximize customer bonding and stabilize customer relationships, providing robust support for the long-
            term stable development of the Group’s business.

  (3)       Focusing on the international market with priority overseas resource allocation. For existing customers, we provide
            long-term dedicated services; for prospective customers, we conduct in-depth learning and potential development
            to achieve early-stage participation in global industrial chain development with multinational enterprises in various
            industries. This approach capitalizes on the Group’s competencies in “customer relationship and first-mover
            advantage”, thereby enhancing industry and market influence.

  (4)       Controlling domestic workforce scale and hardware development pace and prioritizing overseas capacity expansion
            initiatives, including the Malaysia manufacturing base and multiple overseas technology and engineering centers.
            Amid economic downturns, we maintain the stability of gross profit margin while avoiding large-scale workforce
            restructuring, sustaining and even enhancing operational efficiency through improved per capita economic metrics
            as assessment indicators. This strategy focuses on blue ocean markets and pursues high-quality development,
            eschewing traditional capacity-driven expansion models.




24      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




MACRO POLICIES AND MARKET OUTLOOK OF KEY DOWNSTREAM INDUSTRIES

Energy and Materials

Global clean energy development is currently in a critical strategic opportunity period, with its development having become
a global consensus and trend. Its share within the energy development landscape is projected to continuously increase in
the future. Diversified development will characterize clean energy sources including wind, solar, hydro, and biomass energy,
while breakthroughs are anticipated in energy storage technology, hydrogen technology, and carbon capture, utilization
and storage technology. These advancements will provide robust support for the development of clean energy.

Green Hydrogen, Green Alcohol and Green Ammonia

Under the relevant EU Acts, the shipping industry will be incorporated into the EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS)
from 1 January 2024. All ships of 5,000 gross tonnes or above sailing to or from EU ports are required to report carbon
dioxide emissions data and pay corresponding carbon fees for excess emissions beyond the quotas. Multiple shipping
conglomerates plan to adopt green methanol as an alternative to conventional heavy fuel oil and low-sulfur marine fuels.
According to a report republished by people.cn in April 2024, data from Det Norske Veritas indicates 29 methanol-capable
ships are currently operational, with an additional 228 ships on order. As reported by Orient Securities Co., Ltd. in February
2024, decarbonization business director of Maersk China has publicly stated that Maersk will demand 750,000 tonnes
of green methanol annually following the 2025 delivery of 18 large-scale methanol-fueled ships, with projected demand
escalating to 5 million tonnes by 2030 and 20 million tonnes by 2040. According to Alphaliner data, as of 10 December
2023, Maersk accounted for approximately 14.62% of shipping capacity in the shipping industry. Assuming that Maersk’s
capacity share in the shipping industry remains unchanged, industry-wide green methanol penetration in 2030 and 2040
aligns with Maersk’s, and the share of each company’s fuel demand is in line with its share of shipping capacity, it can be
estimated that the global demand for green methanol in the shipping industry will be approximately 34 million tonnes
and 137 million tonnes in 2030 and 2040, respectively. Therefore, substantial investments in green methanol production
capacity will be imperative to meet this exponential demand.

In addition to green methanol, as republished by chinadaily.com.cn in July 2024, the International Energy Agency’s Net
Zero Emissions by 2050 Roadmap study indicates that global hydrogen energy demand will increase to approximately 528
million tonnes by 2050, with approximately 60% derived from water-electrolytic hydrogen, accounting for approximately
20% of global electricity supply. Concurrently, over 30% of hydrogen will be used to synthesis ammonia and fuels. In the
future, ammonia will not only serve as nitrogen fertilizer and chemical raw material but also function as an energy fuel,
meeting 45% of global shipping energy demands. Statistical data reveals that China’s power enterprises consume over 2
billion tonnes of coal annually. If 10% of this consumption were converted to co-firing with synthetic green ammonia, it
would create a demand for more than 200 million tonnes of coal substitution. Calculated by calorific value equivalence,
this would require more than 320 million tonnes of green ammonia. However, global ammonia production capacity in
2023 was only around 193.9 million tonnes, far insufficient to meet such massive demand. This indicates that investment
in green ammonia projects will hold priority in future energy markets. To secure a pivotal role in global energy transition,
domestic green ammonia projects had reached planned production capacity exceeding 11.88 million tonnes by the end
of June 2024, with commencement rates surging from approximately 10% at the end of 2023 to approximately 28%,
demonstrating the industry’s rapid response to green ammonia demand and accelerated capacity construction.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   25
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Sustainable Aviation Fuel (“SAF”)

  According to an article published in January 2024 on the official website of the Biomass Energy Industry Promotion
  Association (BEIPA) of China Association for the Promotion of Industrial Development, the two primary approaches
  for emission reduction in the aviation industry are efficiency improvement and clean energy substitution. Efficiency
  improvement involves optimizing airport management, flight routes, and fleet operations, among other aspects, to reduce
  unnecessary energy consumption. However, as estimated by the World Economic Forum, this approach contributes no
  more than 5% to the overall reduction of carbon emissions from aviation. Conversely, according to the emission reduction
  scenario of the International Air Transport Association (“IATA”), SAF is projected to contribute up to 65% of emission
  reductions in the aviation sector by 2050 under the aviation carbon neutrality scenario. Therefore, clean fuel substitution
  will be the key direction for achieving zero-carbon transformation in aviation.

  According to a report published by Guosen Securities Co., Ltd. in December 2024, the EU adopted the Refuel EU Aviation
  Regulation in 2023, mandating that fuels used at EU airports must incorporate a 2% SAF blend from 2025 onwards, with
  a long-term target of achieving a 70% SAF blending ratio by no later than 2050. Europe’s SAF consumption demand is
  conservatively estimated at 1.4 million tonnes in 2025, with projections exceeding 4 million tonnes and 40 million tonnes
  by 2030 and 2050, respectively. Globally, the report further highlights that, as indicated at the Third Conference on
  Aviation and Alternative Fuels (CAAF/3) hosted by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), over 50 airlines
  had committed by 2023 to increase SAF utilization to 5%-30% of total fuel consumption by 2030, with the majority
  pledging a minimum threshold of 10%. Based on the above demand projections and the resolution approved at the 77th
  annual general meeting of the IATA for the global air transport industry to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050,
  it is estimated that approximately 65% of aviation emission reductions by 2050 will be realized through the adoption
  of bio-aviation fuels. Consequently, SAF demand is expected to surge from approximately 50,000 tonnes in 2023 to
  approximately 18 million tonnes (representing approximately 5.2% of total fuel demand) by 2030, ultimately reaching 350
  million tonnes (representing approximately 65% of total fuel demand) by 2050 under long-term targets.

  The mandatory use of SAF in Europe is encouraging other countries around the world to progressively adopt SAF, which
  is expected to trigger a surge in SAF consumption. China has accumulated certain technical experience in SAF production.
  The recent introduction of policies to simplify the procurement process of raw materials for SAF production is poised to
  accelerate the development and expansion of SAF production capacity and scale.

  Raw Materials of Power Battery

  As the global energy structure transforms towards clean and low-carbon energy, the lithium battery, as a key technology
  for electric vehicles (EVs) and energy storage systems (ESSs), will continue to grow in terms of market demand for its raw
  materials and production equipment, as well as technological innovation.

  In China, according to an article published by the official WeChat account of the China Association of Automobile
  Manufacturers (CAAM) in January 2024, the sales volume of new energy vehicles in China was approximately 3.521
  million, 6.887 million and 9.495 million units respectively from 2021 to 2023, with year-on-year growth rates of
  approximately 157.5%, 93.4% and 37.9% respectively, accounting for approximately 13.4%, 25.6% and 31.6% of the
  total sales volume of vehicles in China, respectively. According to an article published by the official WeChat account of
  CAAM on January 2025, the production and sales volume of new energy vehicles in China exceeded 10.00 million units
  for the first time in 2024, reaching 12.888 million and 12.866 million units respectively, with a year-on-year growth rate
  of approximately 34.4% and 35.5% respectively. Although the sales volume of new energy vehicles in China has cooled
  down over the past three years after experiencing explosive growth in 2021, market demand continues to show a rigid rise
  as evidenced by the steadily increasing share of the market.




26   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis




According to a report issued by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (“HTSC”) in December 2024, the price of lithium
hexafluorophosphate, as a key driver of electrolyte cyclical fluctuations, stabilized in the third quarter of 2024 and showed
an upward trend in the fourth quarter of 2024. The report indicates that, with the deceleration of capital expenditure
across all segments of the industry chain and the improvement of the supply and demand situation after entering the fourth
quarter of 2024, certain segments, such as high compaction lithium iron phosphate and lithium hexafluorophosphate,
experienced structural price increases, and corporate profitability rebounded, with the lithium battery index showing excess
returns. Following the bottoming out of lithium hexafluorophosphate profitability, the industry’s overall production capacity
will be relatively tight in the fourth quarter of 2025, which will promote the demand for battery manufacturers to optimize
their production lines.

In North America, according to an article reposted by JRJ.com in July 2024, driven by the recent U.S. administrations
prioritizing the reshoring of manufacturing as a key economic policy, construction investment in the U.S. manufacturing
sector has experienced continuous growth for three consecutive years. Typically, construction investment peaks are
followed by equipment investment. The article pointed out that the Inflation Reduction Act passed in the U.S. on 16 August
2022 has spurred 316 new projects in the clean energy sector, particularly in the energy vehicle sector. A total of 145 new
projects were announced in the EV sector, with an investment of approximately US$81.3 billion, accounting for more than
half of the total investment. This was in line with the rapid growth in construction investment for transportation equipment
manufacturing. Encouraged by policies and regulations as well as the benefits of technological collaboration, battery
manufacturers from Japan and South Korea, with their strong technical expertise, have continued to build factories and
strengthen their supply chains in the U.S. over the past few years, which has generated significant demand for upstream
equipment and factory construction.

As a core component of the new energy sector, the lithium battery industry will continue to maintain rapid growth globally
over the next 2–3 years. China, being the world’s largest manufacturer and consumer of lithium batteries, will continue
to dominate this market. The policy trend of new energy vehicles gradually replacing the majority of conventional petrol
vehicles remains unchanged around the world, thus providing political support for the growth of the Group.

In order to facilitate the long-term goals of global carbon neutrality and energy conservation and emission reduction, the
Group has continued to deliver reliable and efficient reactors and modular reaction equipment in new energy fields such as
green energy, SAF, and raw materials of power battery. The Group has conducted one-on-one exclusive optimized design in
accordance with customers’ own requirements of process and develops a complete chain of preliminary planning, modular
design, procurement, and manufacturing. The Group has also expanded its product and service offerings, increased the
added value of its products and provided one-stop solutions covering the full life cycle of the project to customers through
joint laboratories, field support and resident after-sales service staff for overseas projects as well as other means. During the
Reporting Period, the Group delivered the world’s first biomass green methanol production equipment to a leading clean
technology company in North America. In addition, the Group undertook the first overseas lithium battery raw material
project in 2011. Leveraging its first-mover advantage and experience in process, design, and manufacturing in the chemical
industry, it has significantly reduced production costs and energy consumption, laying a solid foundation for the delivery of
its first set of modular equipment for raw materials of power battery at the Group’s newly-established manufacturing base
in Malaysia.

Electronic Chemicals

Semiconductor-grade Wet Electronic Chemicals

Semiconductor materials are categorized into wafer fabrication materials. Wafer fabrication materials include, among
others, semiconductor silicon wafers, photomasks, wet electronic chemicals, specialty gases, photoresists, target materials,
and chemical mechanical polishing materials. In particular, wet electronic chemicals are liquid chemical materials used in
wet processes such as wet etching, cleaning, developing and stripping. These chemicals are distinguished by their high


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   27
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  purity of over 99.99% and are primarily utilized in integrated circuit, photovoltaic panel, and display panel production. The
  purity and cleanliness of these chemicals are vital for ensuring the yield, electrical performance, and reliability of electronic
  components.

 According to an article published by the official WeChat account of Valuation House (估值之家) in January 2025, driven
 by emerging areas such as 5G communications, smart terminals and automotive electronics, the global integrated
 circuit and display panel industry has maintained a stable growth trend while also driving the continued development
 of related supporting industries. According to the 2024 Wet Electronic Chemicals Industry Research Report (《2024版
 濕電子化學品產業研究報告》) published by the China Electronics Materials Industry Association, the market size of the
 global wet electronic chemicals reached approximately RMB68.402 billion in 2023. Specifically, the market size of wet
 electronic chemicals used in integrated circuits and display panels accounted for RMB46.200 billion and RMB13.460
 billion, respectively, representing approximately 67.54% and 19.68% of the total market share, respectively. The overall
 market size of the global wet electronic chemicals is estimated to be RMB82.785 billion in 2025, with the segments for
 integrated circuits and display panels are expected to increase to approximately RMB54.460 billion and RMB15.900 billion,
 respectively. Both application areas are expected to maintain steady growth in the wet electronic chemicals market.

 According to a research report issued by Sealand Securities Co., Ltd. in April 2024, high-end wet electronic chemicals
 are mainly monopolised by foreign manufacturers. In particular, high-end wet electronic chemicals for semiconductors
 are mainly controlled by manufacturers in Europe, the U.S. and Japan, such as BASF, Honeywell, Mitsubishi Chemical
 and Sumitomo Chemical. In wet electronic chemicals for flat panels, the domestic advanced fabrication lines are mainly
 supplied by brands such as Korea Dongjin Semichem and Korea ENF. In recent years, leading domestic electronic chemical
 manufacturers have achieved a breakthrough from 0 to 1 in key technologies that were previously “bottlenecked”, with
 some products now meeting industry standards. These advancements have significantly contributed to the process of
 localization substitution. The report also points out that, with the rapid expansion of wafer fabrication capacity, continuous
 improvements in wafer fabrication processes and increasing adoption of advanced packaging technologies, the demand
 for China’s wet electronic chemicals for integrated circuits will continue to grow, with market demand expected to reach
 1.3850 million tonnes in 2025.

 In order to support the vigorous development of the integrated circuit industry, the Group has successfully delivered
 the first wet electronic chemical project — a high-purity hydrogen peroxide production device at the end of 2014 with
 its experience and technology accumulated in the high-end equipment manufacturing industry, and then continued
 to innovate and develop and focused on deeply exploring the field of wet electronic chemicals production equipment.
 Backed by a strong technical expert team, including several Japanese industry experts, the Group has repeatedly delivered
 production equipment that meets the technical requirements of G5 Grade by leveraging on its core technologies, such as
 mixing and synthesis, purification, fine distillation, and mixing design, to assist customers to achieve extreme requirements
 for wet electronic chemicals. The modular design and construction can complete necessary engineering steps such as single
 machine commissioning and water testing before delivery and conduct rapid installation at the customer’s site. Under
 the premise of guaranteeing product quality, it can shorten the customers’ cycle of construction, commissioning and trial
 production and accelerate the output of products that meet the characteristics of the rapid iteration of the integrated circuit
 manufacturing industry.

  LifeSciences

  Medical and Beauty Care and Family Care

  The global and Chinese family care industry is undergoing rapid development. Growing market size, increasing consumer
  demand for natural, organic and environmentally friendly products, emerging online sales channels, as well as technological
  innovation and digital marketing are all important trends in the industry’s development. Supportive policies and established
  market regulations in various countries have also ensured the healthy development of the family care industry.


28   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis




Recombinant collagen is an artificial collagen produced through bioengineering technology. By screening the original amino
acid sequence, its performance in terms of purity, skin absorption rate, integrin binding site exposure and safety has been
significantly improved. In medical and beauty care, collagen primarily serves consumers in two forms: collagen dressings
and collagen implants. Collagen dressings are commonly used after procedures such as laser treatments and chemical
peels, providing moisturization, redness relief and skin barrier repair benefits. Collagen implants are primarily used for facial
rejuvenation by injecting them into the dermal layer of the skin to achieve lifting, firming, and wrinkle reduction effects.

Nowadays, skin problems such as acne, aging and sensitivity are becoming more prevalent across all age groups due to
factors such as irregular lifestyle, environmental pollution, genetics, and lack of skincare awareness. As functional skincare
products can effectively alleviate or address symptoms such as stinging, itching, burning, dryness, peeling, bumps, and hives
caused by these problems, the market demand for such products has seen explosive growth in recent years.

According to the Recombinant Type III Triple-Helix Collagen Whitepaper (《重組III型三螺旋膠原蛋白白皮書》) jointly
published by Frost & Sullivan and Dongguan Everon Healthcare Co., Ltd. in 2024, from 2019 to 2023, the market size
of China’s collagen functional skincare products in the retail segment increased from approximately RMB3.08 billion to
approximately RMB14.43 billion, with a CAGR of approximately 47.1%. It is expected to reach RMB78.97 billion by 2027,
with a CAGR of approximately 53.0% from 2023 to 2027. The retail market for China’s recombinant collagen-based
functional skincare products grew from approximately RMB1.95 billion in 2019 to approximately RMB11.54 billion in 2023,
with a CAGR of approximately 55.9%. By 2027, this market is expected to reach approximately RMB66.46 billion, with a
CAGR of approximately 54.9%. Additionally, in terms of the penetration rate of recombinant collagen-based functional
skincare products in China, the penetration rate of recombinant collagen-based functional skincare products within the
collagen-functional skincare products market increased from approximately 63.3% in 2019 to approximately 80.0% in
2023 and is expected to rise to approximately 84.1% by 2027.

The surging demand for collagen-based products will also drive higher requirements from upstream manufacturers in terms
of both product quality and quantity. To ensure product uniformity, durability, and minimal loss of bioactivity, optimizing
the preparation process can effectively control various variable factors such as temperature, purity, and sealing, thereby
addressing challenges in production.

Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical

With the intensification of global population aging, the rising prevalence of chronic diseases, and the widespread increase
in health awareness, the demand in the healthcare sector will maintain a growth trajectory in the long term. Demographic
changes have led to a significant increase in the demand for medical services and drugs, particularly in the areas of chronic
diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and cancer. At the same time, the rapid development of emerging
technologies, such as gene therapy, precision medicine, and digital health management, is driving innovation and
transformation in the healthcare industry. Additionally, increased emphasis on public health systems globally, especially
in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic, has led to increased investments in medical infrastructure and vaccine
development by countries worldwide.

According to a research report issued by HTSC in December 2024, the global innovative drug market is valued at over
US$1 trillion, which is more than 50 times the size of China’s innovative drug market. Since the emergence of China’s
innovative drugs in 2023, China’s innovative drug sector has rapidly captured about 14% of the global BD Transaction
share within two years, with its total transaction amount accounting for 30%. China’s innovative drugs have become an
indispensable part of global pharmaceutical innovation. Based on current trends, HTSC conservatively estimates that, in the
long term, China’s innovative drugs could contribute approximately 10% to 15% of total global innovative drug revenue
and approximately 3.3% to 7.5% of total profit. In terms of profit volume, the potential overseas market is at least 2.50
to 5.63 times larger than the domestic market in China. In the coming years, licensing revenue, profit contribution from
innovative drugs and asset revaluation in overseas markets will might become the core drivers of market value growth.


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   29
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  On the policy front, the Biosecurity Act promulgated by the USA has placed significant pressure on China’s domestic
  CXO companies, raising serious concerns among market participants about the overseas operations of leading China-
  based CXO companies. This has also led to uncertainties in their capital expenditures. However, due to the high degree of
  irreplaceability of China’s domestic CXO companies in overseas markets, the implementation of the Biosecurity Act is less
  likely in the near future, thereby reducing the associated uncertainties. The overseas market has benefited from the rapid
  growth of the sales volume of products such as glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), Antibody-Drug Conjugate (ADC), Anti-
  Alzheimer’s disease Drugs (AD), which has kept the industry highly booming. Additionally, as the global economy officially
  enters a rate-cutting cycle, the demand for investment and financing in innovative drugs and the upstream CXO industry
  will recover and be in an upward cycle.

  The Group is a pioneer that lays out core equipment and integrated engineering solutions in the biopharmaceutical industry
  in China and is also the earliest enterprise in China that lays out automation, informatization, intelligence, and digitalization
  products and services. Thanks to decades of technical accumulation and market promotion, the Group has reached the
  top international level in terms of product scale, quality, and industry recognition and has successfully exported products
  such as bioreactors, fermenters, and process system modules to developed countries in Europe and the Americas. Through
  establishing a first-mover advantage relying on its keen perception in the pharmaceutical area and iterating high value-
  added products and services at later stages, the Group has successfully established good cooperative relationships with
  leading global pharmaceutical enterprises and has obtained numerous orders from leading international pharmaceutical
  enterprises in recent years, among which the first delivery of an overseas drug conjugate modular production equipment
  represented a milestone development for the Group.


  REVIEW OF FINANCIAL DATA

  Revenue

  The Group’s revenue decreased by approximately 5.6% from approximately RMB7,360,262,000 for the year ended 31
  December 2023 to approximately RMB6,948,354,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. Such decrease was mainly
  due to the short-term slowdown in capital investment in certain sectors, mainly the pharmaceutical industry, as affected by
  the external environment.

                                                             As of 31 December                                                       Year-on-year
         Revenue by end                                 2024                   2023                                      Increase         change
         application                              RMB’000 Proportion     RMB’000    Proportion                          RMB’000


         Electronic chemical                       809,215             11.6%           773,299           10.5%            35,916             4.6%
         Chemical                                1,683,437             24.2%         1,702,131           23.1%           -18,694            -1.1%
         Family care*                              235,067              3.4%           372,720            5.1%          -137,653           -36.9%
         Raw materials of power
           battery#                              1,218,342             17.5%         1,144,442           15.5%            73,900             6.5%
         Oil and gas refinery                      629,820              9.1%           971,601           13.2%          -341,781           -35.2%
         Pharmaceutical and
           biopharmaceutical                     1,586,266             22.8%         2,228,092           30.3%          -641,826          -28.8%
         Others                                    786,207             11.4%           167,977            2.3%           618,230          368.0%

         Total                                   6,948,354           100.0%          7,360,262          100.0%          -411,908            -5.6%

     *           Previously known as daily chemical. For better business delineation, this industry has been renamed to family care. The offerings and
                 products under this industry remain unchanged.

     #           Raw materials of power battery include mining and metallurgy industry.



30         Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Cost of Sales

The cost of sales of the Group decreased by approximately 7.7% from approximately RMB5,304,558,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB4,898,577,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. The change in cost
of sales was in line with the change in revenue.

                                             As of 31 December                                      Year-on-year
                                        2024                   2023                      Increase        change
 Cost of Sales                    RMB’000 Proportion     RMB’000    Proportion          RMB’000


 Raw materials and
   consumables                    2,682,724      54.8%      3,258,789        61.4%      -576,065        -17.7%
 Direct labour costs                615,078      12.6%        549,798        10.4%        65,280         11.9%
 Outsourcing fees                   619,646      12.6%        645,698        12.2%       -26,052         -4.0%
 Installation and repair cost       546,036      11.1%        531,141        10.0%        14,895          2.8%
 Depreciation                       147,663       3.0%         98,259         1.9%        49,404         50.3%
 Impairment losses on assets         11,082       0.2%            743         0.0%        10,339      1,391.5%
 Others (indirect labour cost +
   design fees)                    276,348        5.7%        220,130         4.1%        56,218         25.5%

 Total                            4,898,577     100.0%      5,304,558      100.0%       -405,981          -7.7%




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     31
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

  The gross profit of the Group decreased by approximately 0.3% from approximately RMB2,055,704,000 for the year
  ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB2,049,777,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. For the year ended
  31 December 2024, the gross profit margin of the Group increased to approximately 29.5%, which was driven by the
  improvement in overall operating efficiency of the Group and further enhanced control over material costs.

                                                          As of 31 December                                                        Increase of
                                                                                                                Increase of        gross profit
                                           2024                                       2023                      gross profit           margin
     Gross profit by                         Gross profit                                    Gross profit
     end application                 RMB’000     margin                      RMB’000             margin           RMB’000


     Electronic chemical               180,797              22.3%             167,900             21.7%              12,897              0.6%
     Chemical                          503,635              29.9%             407,950             24.0%              95,685              5.9%
     Family care*                       59,283              25.2%              89,441             24.0%             -30,158              1.2%
     Raw materials of
       power battery#                  427,011              35.0%             478,402             41.8%             -51,391             -6.8%
     Oil and gas refinery              219,569              34.9%             216,217             22.3%               3,352             12.6%
     Pharmaceutical and
       biopharmaceutical               417,446              26.3%             628,997             28.2%           -211,551              -1.9%
     Others                            242,036              30.8%              66,797             39.8%            175,239              -9.0%


     Total                          2,049,777               29.5%           2,055,704             27.9%              -5,927              1.6%

 *           Previously known as daily chemical. For better business delineation, this industry has been renamed to family care. The offerings and
             products under this industry remain unchanged.

 #           Raw materials of power battery include mining and metallurgy industry.


 Electronic Chemical

 The gross profit of the electronic chemical industry of the Group increased by approximately RMB12,897,000, from
 approximately RMB167,900,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB180,797,000 for the year
 ended 31 December 2024; the gross profit margin increased from approximately 21.7% for the year ended 31 December
 2023 to approximately 22.3% for the year ended 31 December 2024.

 Chemical

 The gross profit of the chemical industry of the Group increased by approximately RMB95,685,000 from approximately
 RMB407,950,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB503,635,000 for the year ended 31
 December 2024; the gross profit margin increased from approximately 24.0% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
 approximately 29.9% for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to the fact
 that the Group undertook project orders in certain predominant areas, and the Group maintained bargaining advantage
 during contract negotiations by leveraging its leading position in technologies and good reputation in the industry.




32     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Family Care

The gross profit of the family care industry of the Group decreased by approximately RMB30,158,000 from approximately
RMB89,441,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB59,283,000 for the year ended 31
December 2024; the gross profit margin increased from approximately 24.0% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
approximately 25.2% for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Raw Materials of Power Battery

The gross profit of the raw materials of power battery field of the Group decreased by approximately RMB51,391,000, from
approximately RMB478,402,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB427,011,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2024; the gross profit margin decreased from approximately 41.8% for the year ended 31 December
2023 to approximately 35.0% for the year ended 31 December 2024. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due
to the fact that the Group undertook additional process and technology modifications to improve the energy efficiency of
its equipment in the process of implementing projects in new fields, which lengthened the production cycles and increased
the operational costs of the projects.

Oil and Gas Refinery

The gross profit of the oil and gas refinery industry of the Group increased by approximately RMB3,352,000, from
approximately RMB216,217,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB219,569,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2024; the gross profit margin increased from approximately 22.3% for the year ended 31 December
2023 to approximately 34.9% for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to
the fact that certain projects undertaken by the Group achieved good cost control by optimizing its design and the selection
of materials.

Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical

The gross profit of the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry of the Group decreased by approximately
RMB221,551,000, from approximately RMB628,997,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately
RMB417,446,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024; the gross profit margin decreased from approximately 28.2% for
the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately 26.3% for the year ended 31 December 2024. The decrease in gross
profit margin was mainly due to the increase in costs of individual projects due to the delay of site construction caused by
third parties.

Other Income

Other income of the Group primarily consists of government grants, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses.
Other income of the Group increased by approximately 37.4% from approximately RMB85,462,000 for the year ended 31
December 2023 to approximately RMB117,406,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. Such increase was mainly due
to the increase in net foreign exchange gains as a result of the strengthening of the USD, the Group’s main transaction
currency.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   33
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Selling and Marketing Expenses

  The Group’s selling and marketing expenses primarily consist of the salaries and benefits of its sales and marketing staff,
  commissions, customer service fees, travel expenses and marketing and promotion expenses. The selling and marketing
  expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 6.2% from approximately RMB175,228,000 for the year ended 31
  December 2023 to approximately RMB164,287,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024, mainly due to the decrease in
  sales commission paid to third parties following the completion of projects with high commission fees. The decrease was
  partially offset by the increase in: 1) salary and travelling expenses of personnel due to the expansion of overseas businesses;
  and 2) promotion expenses for exploring overseas markets. For the year ended 31 December 2024, selling and marketing
  expenses accounted for approximately 2.4% of total revenue (same period in 2023: 2.4%).

  General and Administrative Expenses

  The Group’s general and administrative expenses primarily consist of the salaries and benefits of management and
  administrative staff, office expenses and consulting fees. The general and administrative expenses of the Group increased
  by approximately 4.0% from approximately RMB543,143,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately
  RMB565,118,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. Such increase was mainly due to the increases in: 1) salaries
  and benefits of management and administrative staff, travel expenses and consulting fees to support overseas business
  development; and 2) depreciation expenses as a result of the operational commencement of the Suzhou manufacturing
  base. The above increase was partially offset by the decrease in share-based payment expenses. The percentage of general
  and administrative expenses accounted for approximately 8.1% of total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024
  (same period in 2023: 7.4%).

  Research and Development Expenses

  The Group’s research and development expenses decreased by approximately 4.5% from approximately RMB418,149,000
  for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB399,241,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. The
  research and development expenses accounted for approximately 5.7% of total revenue for the year ended 31 December
  2024 (same period in 2023: 5.7%).

  Finance Costs

  The Group’s finance costs primarily consist of the interest on lease liabilities and interest on bank borrowings. The Group’s
  finance costs decreased by approximately 21.4% from approximately RMB13,291,000 for the year ended 31 December
  2023 to approximately RMB10,448,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. Such decrease was mainly due to the
  decrease in interest expenses resulting from partial repayment of bank borrowings and slightly lower interest rates of the
  bank borrowings during the Reporting Period.

  Income Tax Expenses

  The Group’s income tax expenses increased by approximately 27.9% from approximately RMB141,786,000 for the year
  ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB181,373,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. The Group derived
  its profit mainly from two subsidiaries located in China, which enjoy a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%.
  For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s effective income tax rate was approximately 19.9%, representing an
  increase of approximately 5.5% from approximately 14.4% for the year ended 31 December 2023. Such increase was
  mainly attributable to: 1) provision for withholding income tax expenses as the Company expected to receive dividends
  from PRC subsidiaries; and 2) provision for income tax expenses arising from the increase in earnings of certain subsidiaries
  not eligible for the preferential enterprise income tax rate.



34   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




Impairment Loss on Trade Receivables and Contract Assets

Impairment loss on trade receivables and contract assets of the Group increased by approximately RMB117,205,000 from
a reversal of approximately RMB861,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB116,344,000 for the
year ended 31 December 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to increased risks on the collection of substantial trade
receivables arising from individual projects under the downturn in the external economic environment, for which the Group
made a full provision for bad debts as a prudent measure.

Net Profit and Net Profit Margin

Based on the above factors, the Group recorded a net profit of approximately RMB729,881,000 for the year ended 31
December 2024, representing a decrease of approximately 13.4% from approximately RMB842,548,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2023. The Group’s net profit margin was approximately 10.5% for the year ended 31 December
2024, representing a decrease of approximately 0.9% from approximately 11.4% for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) Measures

The Group believes that the adjusted financial measures are useful for understanding and evaluating the underlying
performance and operating trends of the Group, and that the management and investors may benefit from referring to
these adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s financial performance by eliminating the impact of certain
unusual, non-recurring, non-cash and non-operating items that the Group does not consider indicative of the performance
of the Group’s core business. The Group’s management believes that these non-HKFRS financial measures are widely
accepted and applied in the industry in which the Group operates. However, these non-HKFRS financial measures should
not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with
HKFRS. Shareholders and potential investors of the Group should not view the following adjusted results on a standalone
basis or as a substitute for results under HKFRSs, and such non-HKFRS financial measures may not be comparable to
similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

EBITDA

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recorded an EBITDA of approximately RMB1,116,488,000, representing
a decrease of approximately 2.3% from approximately RMB1,143,066,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023.

                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2024           2023
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000


 Net profit                                                                                  729,881            842,548
 Add: Income tax expenses                                                                    181,373            141,786
       Interest expenses                                                                      10,448             13,291
       Depreciation                                                                          173,485            128,074
       Amortization                                                                           21,301             17,367
 EBITDA                                                                                    1,116,488          1,143,066




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   35
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  Property, Plant and Equipment

  The property, plant and equipment of the Group increased by approximately 13.9%, from approximately
  RMB2,105,463,000 as at 31 December 2023 to approximately RMB2,398,082,000 as at 31 December 2024, mainly due to
  the increase of the Group’s investment in plant and equipment at its two manufacturing bases in Suzhou and Malaysia.

  Trade and Other Receivables

  The Group’s trade and other receivables decreased by approximately 10.1%, from approximately RMB1,499,372,000 as at
  31 December 2023 to approximately RMB1,347,940,000 as at 31 December 2024, mainly due to: 1) a decrease in trade
  receivables resulting from reduced revenue; and 2) full provision for bad debts made for certain projects with delayed
  repayment.

  Inventories

  The Group’s inventories decreased by approximately 55.7%, from approximately RMB1,800,466,000 as at 31 December
  2023 to approximately RMB797,243,000 as at 31 December 2024, mainly due to the reduction in work in progress
  following the completion of delivery of certain large-value orders for which the control was transferred at the point in time
  during the Reporting Period.

  Contract Liabilities

  The contract liabilities of the Group decreased by approximately 35.5%, from approximately RMB2,290,334,000 as at 31
  December 2023 to approximately RMB1,476,247,000 as at 31 December 2024, mainly due to the recognition of revenue
  from certain large-value orders for which the control was transferred at the point in time during the Reporting Period.

  Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

  The total borrowings of the Group decreased by approximately 41.3%, from approximately RMB365,083,000 as at 31
  December 2023 to approximately RMB214,185,000 as at 31 December 2024, and the borrowings were mainly used to pay
  for a portion of the amount required for the construction of projects.

  As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s borrowings were denominated in RMB and the interest rates of the borrowings
  ranged from 2.3% to 3.21%, of which approximately RMB87,789,000 were fixed-rate borrowings and approximately
  RMB126,396,000 were variable-rate borrowings. Among them, approximately RMB87,906,000 will be due within 1 year
  and approximately RMB126,279,000 will be due after 1 year but within 5 years.

  Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. The gearing ratio of the Group
  decreased from approximately 8.3% as at 31 December 2023 to approximately 4.1% as at 31 December 2024, mainly due
  to the decrease in the balance of the borrowings of the Group and the increase in reserves arising from earnings.




36   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Liquidity and Capital Resources

As at 31 December 2024, the balance of cash and bank deposits of the Group was approximately RMB2,595,448,000,
representing an increase of approximately RMB426,766,000 from approximately RMB2,168,682,000 as at 31 December
2023. Under the premise of ensuring liquidity, the Group purchased short-term wealth management products issued by
banks with idle funds, the outstanding amount of which was approximately RMB396,598,000 as at 31 December 2024,
representing an increase of approximately RMB337,449,000 from approximately RMB59,149,000 as at 31 December
2023.

The liquidity of the Group mainly includes cash generated from operating activities, net proceeds from the placement and
issue of equity securities and the Global Offering, and bank borrowings. The liquidity requirements mainly include general
working capital and capital expenditures.

The Group maintains the flexibility of capital by using bank credit facilities and interest-bearing borrowings, and regularly
monitors the current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that sufficient financial resources are maintained to
meet the liquidity requirements.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had total bank facilities of RMB2,005,000,000, USD274,500,000, SEK300,000,000
and JPY18,300,000,000 (aggregately equivalent to approximately RMB5,021,230,000), of which, used bank facilities were
approximately RMB619,181,000, USD97,329,000, EUR31,667,000, JPY82,000,000, SGD7,798,000 and MYR526,000
(aggregately equivalent to approximately RMB1,603,278,000), and unused bank facilities were equivalent to approximately
RMB3,417,952,000.

Charges on Assets

As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any assets or rights pledged.

Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees

As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.

Issue of Equity Securities

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any equity securities (including securities convertible into equity
securities) for cash.

On 4 January 2023, the Company, Morimatsu Holdings and China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Securities
Limited (“CICC”) entered into the placing and subscription agreement, pursuant to which: (1) Morimatsu Holdings agreed
to appoint CICC and CICC agreed to act as agent for Morimatsu Holdings to procure in good faith that purchasers would
purchase an aggregate of up to 80,000,000 existing Shares (the “Sale Shares”) at the placing price of HK$8.30 per
Sale Share (the “Placing”); and (2) Morimatsu Holdings agreed to subscribe for, and the Company agreed to allot and
issue to Morimatsu Holdings, an aggregate of up to 80,000,000 new Shares (the “Subscription Shares”) at the same
subscription price as the placing price (the “Subscription”), in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions
set out in the placing and subscription agreement. The closing price per Share of the Company as quoted on the Stock
Exchange on 4 January 2023 was HK$9.47 and the total number of issued Shares as at 4 January 2023 was 1,073,795,900.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   37
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  On 9 January 2023, the Placing was completed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the placing and subscription
  agreement and an aggregate of 80,000,000 Sale Shares were successfully placed to not less than six placees, who, together
  with their respective ultimate beneficial owners, were independent third parties, at the placing price of HK$8.30 per Sale
  Share. As all the conditions of the Subscription have been fulfilled, on 12 January 2023, the Company has allotted and
  issued 80,000,000 Subscription Shares to Morimatsu Holdings at a price of HK$8.30 per Subscription Share in accordance
  with the terms and conditions of the placing and subscription agreement. The net proceeds from the Subscription (after
  deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company and Morimatsu Holdings in connection with the Placing
  and the Subscription) amounted to approximately HK$654.7 million (the “Net Proceeds from the Subscription”).

  The Directors believe that the Placing and Subscription will benefit the Group’s long-term development, broaden its
  shareholder and capital base, facilitate future business growth and development, and enhance the liquidity of the Shares.
  The Group intends to use the Net Proceeds from the Subscription primarily for the construction of the Group’s factory
  buildings in Suzhou, the PRC and Malaysia, to accelerate the Group’s expansion into the European market and for general
  corporate purposes. The Company has allocated and will continue to allocate and utilize the Net Proceeds from the
  Subscription for matters consistent with the purposes as detailed in the announcement of the Company dated 4 January
  2023 and during the Reporting Period, the Group has utilized the Net Proceeds from the Subscription as set out in the table
  below:

                                                                    Distribution
                                                                           of Net
                                                                        Proceeds                    Amounts
                                                                        from the                   of the Net
                                                                    Subscription Unused Net         Proceeds Unused Net
                                                                             as a    Proceeds       from the      Proceeds
                                    Net Proceeds Net Proceeds        percentage      from the    Subscription     from the Estimated timing
                                        from the     from the        of total Net Subscription        utilized Subscription for utilizing the
                                    Subscription Subscription           Proceeds         as at     during the         as at remaining Net
                                         actually     actually          from the 31 December       Reporting 31 December Proceeds from
                                     distributed  distributed       Subscription         2023          Period         2024 the Subscription
                                         HK$’000     RMB’000                         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


     Construction of Changshu            327,335          283,603         50.0%             —              —             —
        Manufacturing Base
     Construction of Malaysia            261,868          226,883         40.0%        175,656        175,656            —
        Manufacturing Base
     Expansion of European Market         32,733           28,360          5.0%         28,360          7,264        21,096 By the end of 2025
     General working capital              32,733           28,360          5.0%             —              —             —


     Subtotal                           654,669        567,206          100.0%        204,016        182,920         21,096


  Please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 4 January 2023 and 12 January 2023 for further details of the Placing
  and the Subscription.




38     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Use of Net Proceeds from the Global Offering

The Company’s Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2021 in an initial public offering
with net proceeds of approximately HK$686,690,000 (after deduction of underwriting commissions and related expenses)
raised (the “Net Proceeds”).

The Company has allocated and used and will continue to allocate and use the Net Proceeds for the purposes consistent
with those set out in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus of the Company. During the
Reporting Period, the Group has utilized the Net Proceeds as set out in the table below:

                                                                      Allocation      Unused Net Proceeds       Unused Estimated
                                                                          of Net Net Proceeds     utilized Net Proceeds timing for
                                     Net Proceeds    Net Proceeds Proceeds as            as at during the          as at utilizing the
                                          actually        actually a percentage 31 December    Reporting 31 December remaining Net
 Purposes                               allocated       allocated        of total        2023      Period          2024 Proceeds
                                          HK$’000        RMB’000                     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000


 Improve production capacity               412,014        342,957        60.0%            —             —             —
    and modular manufacturing
    capability
 Improve and expand service and             90,679         75,481        13.2%            —             —             —
    digital service capabilities
 Continue to implement                      82,436         68,619        12.0%        22,161        19,613         2,548 By the end of 2025
    internationalization strategy
 Investment in underlying research          32,974         27,448         4.8%            —             —             —
    and development from 2021 to
    2023
 General working capital                    68,587         57,091        10.0%            —             —             —


 Subtotal                                 686,690        571,596       100.0%         22,161        19,613         2,548


Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals

Pursuant to the supplemental agreement to the joint venture agreement dated January 2024, the two investors of
Morimatsu Dialog amended the terms of the joint venture agreement dated August 2021. Since January 2024, the
Company has directly retained 51% equity interest and has obtained control of the joint venture to enhance synergies in
the management of the Group, while the other investor has only retained a protective right.

In January 2024, Morimatsu T&S subscribed for 140,056 preference shares of 3DC Inc., a company established in Japan,
with a total subscription amount of JPY49,999,992. Upon the completion of share subscription, Morimatsu T&S holds
approximately 2.82% equity interest in 3DC Inc..

In February 2024, Morimatsu Engineering Technology, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into equity transfer
agreements with three independent third parties, pursuant to which, Morimatsu Engineering Technology agreed to acquire
Shandong Keda Chemical Engineering Design Co., Ltd. (山東科達化工工程有限公司) (the “Target Company”). The
registration of the change for the equity transfer of the Target Company was completed in March 2024, and Morimatsu
Engineering Technology holds 100% equity interest in the Target Company.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         39
  Management Discussion and Analysis




  In March 2024, the Company established a new wholly-owned subsidiary, MII, with a registered capital of HK$10,000,
  primarily engaged in investment holding.

  In April and May 2024, Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into equity transfer agreements
  with four independent third parties, pursuant to which, Morimatsu Pharmaceutical agreed to acquire approximately
  27.75% equity interest in Morimatsu Biotechnology. In June 2024, upon the completion of this equity transfer, Morimatsu
  Pharmaceutical holds 100% equity interest in Morimatsu Biotechnology.

  In June 2024, Morimatsu Biotechnology, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into equity transfer agreements with five
  independent third parties, pursuant to which, Morimatsu Biotechnology agreed to acquire approximately 40.68% equity
  interest in Mori-Biounion Technology. In June 2024, upon the completion of this equity transfer, Morimatsu Biotechnology
  holds 100% equity interest in Mori-Biounion Technology.

  In September 2024, the shareholders of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical, a subsidiary of the Company, approved the adoption
  of a share incentive scheme. Pursuant to the share incentive scheme, Morimatsu Pharmaceutical intends to grant a total of
  RMB12,868,710 of proposed newly increased registered capital to the incentive participants through capital contribution,
  representing approximately 14.91% of its total registered capital immediately after completion of the capital contribution.
  The adoption of the share incentive scheme by Morimatsu Pharmaceutical constitutes a deemed disposal by the
  Company of approximately 14.91% of its equity interest in Morimatsu Pharmaceutical under the Listing Rules. Morimatsu
  Pharmaceutical will be a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company upon the completion of the deemed disposal. Please
  refer to the Company’s announcements dated 30 September 2024 and 21 October 2024 for further details of the disposal.

  In October 2024, the Company established a new non-wholly-owned subsidiary, Morsburn Engineering and Technology
  LLC (“MET US”). The registered capital of MET US is US$2,000, in which the Company indirectly holds 51% equity
  interest. MET US primarily provides advanced photovoltaic material technologies, production equipment and engineering
  project services.

  During the Reporting Period, the Company completed capital contributions to Morimatsu Dialog of RM110,670,000. After
  the increase of the registered capital, the share capital of Morimatsu Dialog was RM306,300,000.

  Save as disclosed above, the Group did not hold any other significant investments, nor did it have any material acquisitions
  or disposals of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period, and the Group did not have any definitive future plans for material
  investments or capital asset acquisitions as at 31 December 2024.

  Important Events after the Reporting Period

  In January 2025, Morimatsu Singapore, a subsidiary of the Company, established a new wholly-owned subsidiary,
  Morimatsu Engineering & Technology (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (“MET Malaysia”). The registered capital of MET Malaysia is
  RM3,000, and it serves as one of the technology hubs and engineering services centers for Morimatsu’s energy materials
  segment in Southeast Asia. MET Malaysia leverages its geographical advantages and strengths as a talent hub to support
  the Group’s other operational bases, particularly in the Southeast Asian and North American markets.

  In February 2025, Morimatsu Biotechnology, a subsidiary of the Company, jointly established a new non-wholly-owned
  subsidiary, Shanghai MoriSora Technology Co., Ltd. (上海森紘科技有限公司) (“MoriSora Technology”), with four
  independent third parties. The registered capital of MoriSora Technology is RMB12,000,000, in which the Company
  indirectly holds a 70% equity interest. MoriSora Technology is primarily engaged in the research and development,
  production and sales of drying equipment, cleaning equipment, sterilization equipment and conveyor systems, as well as
  providing maintenance, upgrades and validation services for such equipment.

  Save as disclosed above, as of the date of this annual report, the Group had no significant events after the Reporting Period.



40   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                         Directors’ Report


The Board is pleased to present this report of the Directors together with the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Group for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

The Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
the Laws of Hong Kong) on 23 July 2019. The Group’s principal activities are the design, manufacture, installation and
operation and maintenance of core equipment, process system (such as process module) and total solutions (such as
modular industrial equipment) mainly for chemical reactions, biological reactions and polymerization. The Group currently
provides services to downstream industries/fields, including oil and gas refinery, family care, new chemical materials,
pharmaceuticals (including biopharmaceuticals and chemical synthesis drugs), raw materials for power batteries (including
metallic ores, raw materials for lithium batteries and intermediate chemical raw materials) and electronic chemicals
(including the production of raw materials for photovoltaics and high-purity chemical reagents), etc.

A list of the Company’s subsidiaries, together with their places of incorporation, principal activities and particulars of their
issued shares/fully paid-up capital, is set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report provides a review of the business of the
Group during the Reporting Period and a discussion of its future business development, and the “Environmental, Social and
Governance Report” section contains a discussion and explanation of the Group’s environmental (including climate-related)
policies and performance, its compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on it, and its
relationships with employees, customers, suppliers and other parties during the Reporting Period. These discussions form
part of this report of the Directors.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this Directors’ Report were:

Executive Directors

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (Chief Financial Officer)
Mr. Tang Weihua
Mr. Sheng Ye
Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
Mr. Yu Jianguo




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   41
  Directors’ Report




  Other directors of all subsidiaries during the Reporting Period and up to the date of
  this Directors’ Report

  Ms. Nishimura Kyoko
  Mr. Matsuhisa Hiroyuki
  Mr. Sanada Kazuaki
  Mr. Kataoka Mitsuhiro
  Mr. Lu Weifeng
  Mr. Li Hongbin
  Mr. Yang Xiaodong
  Mr. Lv Binfeng
  Mr. Chen Zhangwu
  Mr. Jiang Pei
  Mr. Gu Zhenghui
  Ms. Zhang Haifang
  Ms. Zhang Yali
  Ms. Xia Wei
  Mr. Lu Yi
  Mr. Zhang Rengui
  Mr. Ma Yong
  Mr. Li Daoquan
  Mr. He Wenxing
  Mr. Chen Hongwei
  Mr. Yang Mingzhi
  Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap
  Mr. Gausmohmmad Mohmmadaslam Khan
  Mr. Hans Wallebring
  Mr. Jens Lindgren
  Mr. Chan Yew Kai
  Ms. Yap Chooi Poh


  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

  Biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
  Management” of this annual report.


  DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

  Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years, subject to
  termination before expiry by either party giving not less than three months’ notice in writing to the other.

  Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of
  three years, which may be terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.

  None of the Directors has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not terminated by the
  employer within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.




42   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

The Company has not entered into any contract with any individual, firm or body corporate to manage or administer the
whole or any substantial part of any business of the Group during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

During or at the end of the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in this annual report, no transaction, arrangement or
contract of significance, to which the Company or its controlling shareholders or any of their respective subsidiaries was
a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director is or was materially interested, either directly or
indirectly.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force during the Reporting
Period and as at the date of this annual report in accordance with the Articles of Association. The Company has arranged
appropriate liability insurance coverage for the Directors and the senior management, which provides appropriate coverage
for the Directors and the senior management.


CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in the information of the Directors (including the Chief
Executive Officer) are set out below:

Since January 2024, Mr. Nishimatsu Koei, an executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, has served as the chairman of
the board of Morimatsu Pharmaceutical.

Since March 2024, Mr. Sheng Ye, an executive Director, has served as a director of Morimatsu Singapore.

The annual fees of the five executive Directors were adjusted to RMB158,400 from July 2024, and the annual fees of the
four non-executive Directors were adjusted to RMB198,000 from July 2024.

The Directors (including the Chief Executive Officer) confirmed that during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this
report, save as disclosed above, there was no change to any of the information required to be disclosed in relation to any
Director (including the Chief Executive Officer) pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his/her
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive Directors
to be independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   43
  Directors’ Report




  DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

  During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors or their respective associates had
  engaged in or had any interest in any business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Group.


  DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

  Our Controlling Shareholders have entered into the Deed of Non-competition, pursuant to which each of our Controlling
  Shareholders has, amongst other matters, irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken with the Company (for itself and as
  trustee for its subsidiaries) that at any time during the Relevant Period (as defined below), he/it shall, and shall procure that
  his/its respective close associates (except any members of the Group) shall:

  (1)       not, directly or indirectly, be interested, involved or engaged in or acquire or hold any right or interest (in each case
            whether as a shareholder, partner, agent or otherwise, and whether for profit, reward or otherwise) in any business
            which competes or is likely to compete directly or indirectly with the core business currently engaged or possibly in
            the future to be engaged by the Group in Hong Kong, the PRC and any other country or jurisdiction to which the
            Group provides such services and/or in which any member of the Group carries on business mentioned above from
            time to time (the “Restricted Business”);

  (2)       not take any action, directly or indirectly, which constitutes an interference with or a disruption to the business
            activities of the Group including, but not limited to, solicitation of any existing customers, suppliers or employees of
            the Group for employment by them or their close associates (other than members of the Group);

  (3)       not, without the prior consent from the Company, make use of any information pertaining to the business of the
            Group which may have come to their knowledge in the capacity as the Controlling Shareholders for any purpose of
            engaging, investing or participating in any Restricted Business;

  (4)       if there is any project or new business opportunity that relates to the Restricted Business (the “Business
            Opportunity”) available to any of the Controlling Shareholders or their close associates (other than members of
            the Group):

            1）      notify the Company in writing immediately, followed by the provision of requisite information which is
                    reasonable and necessary for the merits on whether or not to engage in such Business Opportunity be
                    considered, assessed and/or evaluated;

            2）      who plans to participate or engage in such Business Opportunity, give the Company a first right of refusal to
                    participate or engage therein on terms that are fair and reasonable;

            3）      not pursue such Business Opportunity until we have confirmed in writing our rejection to pursue, involve
                    or engage in the same because of commercial reasons, any of our decisions on which will have to be
                    approved by the independent non-executive Directors (the “Independent Board”) (at the exclusion of
                    those with beneficial interests in such Business Opportunity), taking into account, among other issues, (i) the
                    prevailing business, legal, regulatory and contractual landscape of the Group, (ii) results of feasibility study,
                    (iii) counterparty risks, (iv) contemplated profitability, (v) the financial resources required for such Business
                    Opportunity, and (vi) where necessary, any opinion from experts on the commercial viability of the same; and




44      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




       4）     on the condition that the Group rejects to pursue such Business Opportunity pursuant to sub-paragraph (4)
              above or if the Independent Board fails to respond within 30 days’ period, that the principal terms on which
              the relevant Controlling Shareholder and/or his/its close associates pursues such Business Opportunity are
              substantially the same as or not more favourable than those disclosed to the Company and that the terms of
              such pursuance, whether directly or indirectly, shall be disclosed to the Company and our Directors as soon
              as practicable;

(5)    keep the Board informed of any matter of potential conflicts of interests between each of the Controlling
       Shareholders (including his/its close associates) and the Group, in particular a transaction between any of the
       Controlling Shareholders (including his/its close associates) and the Group; and

(6)    provide as soon as practicable upon the Company’s request to our Directors (including the independent
       non-executive Directors):

       1）     a written confirmation on an annual basis in respect of compliance by him/it with the terms of the Deed of
              Non-competition;

       2）     all information necessary for the review and enforcement of the undertakings contained in the Deed of
              Non-competition by the independent non-executive Directors with regard to such compliance; and

       3）     their respective consent to the inclusion of such confirmation in the Company’s annual report or by way of
              an announcement, and all such other information as may be reasonably requested by the Company for its
              review.

For the above purpose, the “Relevant Period” means the period commencing from the Listing Date and shall expire on the
earliest of the following dates on which:

(1)    the Controlling Shareholders and their close associates (individually or taken as a whole) cease to own an aggregate
       of 30% of the then issued share capital of the Company, directly or indirectly, or cease to be the controlling
       shareholders for the purpose of the Listing Rules and do not have power to control the Board;

(2)    the day the Shares of the Company cease to be listed on the Stock Exchange; and

(3)    the Company becomes wholly-owned by any of the Controlling Shareholders and/or their respective close
       associates.

Each of Morimatsu Group, Morimatsu Holdings and Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (the “Covenantors”) has provided a
confirmation to the Company regarding their compliance with the Deed of Non-Competition during the Reporting Period.
The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed their respective compliance with the Deed of Non-Competition,
evaluated its effective implementation and were satisfied with the Covenantors’ compliance with the Deed of
Non-Competition during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   45
  Directors’ Report




  REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

  The remuneration of the Directors will be reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Shareholders.
  In determining the remuneration of the Directors, the relevant Director’s experience, duties and responsibilities, time
  commitment, the Company’s performance and the prevailing market conditions will be considered.

  During the Reporting Period, details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group
  are set out in notes 7–8 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

  None of the Directors has waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the Reporting Period.


  DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
  POSITIONS IN SHARES

  As at 31 December 2024, the interests or short positions of the directors, supervisors, chief executives of the Company
  and their associates in the Shares, the underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
  (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange in accordance
  with Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were deemed or taken to
  have under such provisions of the SFO), or the interests or short positions to be entered in the register required to be kept
  under Section 352 of the SFO, or the interests and short positions to be notified separately to the Company and the Stock
  Exchange in accordance with the Model Code were as follows:

  Long position in shares of the Company

                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                            Number         percentage of
                                                                                          of Shares/         issued share
                                                                                         underlying       capital as at 31
     Name of directors                      Capacity/Nature of interests                Shares held      December 20242


     Matsuhisa Terumoto                     Beneficial owner1                             16,810,000                    1.38
     Nishimatsu Koei                        Beneficial owner1                              2,889,000                    0.24
                                            Beneficial owner                               3,899,000                    0.32
     Kawashima Hirotaka                     Beneficial owner1                              2,376,000                    0.19
     Hirazawa Jungo                         Beneficial owner1                              2,040,000                    0.17
     Tang Weihua                            Beneficial owner1                              1,585,000                    0.13
                                            Beneficial owner                               2,434,119                    0.20
     Sheng Ye                               Beneficial owner1                              2,375,309                    0.19
                                            Beneficial owner                               1,617,376                    0.13




46    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




Notes:

1        Interest in the share options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

2        The calculation is based on the total number of 1,221,583,000 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2024.


As at 31 December 2024, save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, supervisors, chief executives of the Company and
their associates had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures
of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
or short positions which they were deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to
be recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or otherwise required to be notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSON’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES

As at 31 December 2024, to the knowledge of the Directors and chief executives of the Company, the interests and short
positions of substantial Shareholders and other persons (excluding the Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the
Company or their respective associates) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company required to be notified to the
Company in accordance with Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be kept
under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                                            issued share
    Name of substantial                                                                            Number of             capital as at 31
    shareholders                             Capacity/Nature of interests                       Shareholdings           December 20242


    Morimatsu Holdings                       Beneficial owner                                    750,000,000 (L)1                       61.40
    Morimatsu Group3                         Interest in a controlled corporation                750,000,000 (L)                        61.40
    Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto4                  Interest in a controlled corporation                750,000,000 (L)                        61.40
                                             Beneficial owner                                     16,810,000 (L)                         1.38

Notes:

1        The letter (“ L”) denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

2        The percentage is calculated based on the total number of 1,221,583,000 issued Shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024.

3        Morimatsu Holdings is wholly owned by Morimatsu Group. Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto holds 100% of the voting shares of Morimatsu Group,
         and is therefore deemed to be interested in the shares held by Morimatsu Holdings.

4        Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is also interested in the options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme to subscribe for 16,810,000
         Shares.


To the knowledge of the Directors and chief executives, as at 31 December 2024, save as disclosed above, none of any
other person (excluding Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company or their respective associates) had
interests and short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company, which were required to be disclosed to
the Company in accordance with Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be
kept under Section 336 of the SFO.


                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024          47
  Directors’ Report




  EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

  As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a total of approximately 4,565 employees, among which nearly 500 were
  research and development personnel, accounting for more than 10% of the total number of employees. The Group has a
  comprehensive remuneration and welfare system and an effective performance appraisal system as required by laws, and
  determines the remuneration of employees based on their positions and performance. The Group’s remuneration policies
  seek to provide fair market remuneration in form and value to attract, retain and motivate high quality staff. Remuneration
  packages are set at comparable and competitive levels with other companies in the industry and the market to compete for
  a similar talent pool.

  Employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
  administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC contribute funds which
  are calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the
  scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees. The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of
  retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual contributions described above. All contributions to the
  defined contribution retirement scheme are recognised as an expense in profit or loss when the services are rendered by
  the employees and when they fall due under the relevant regulations. For the defined contribution retirement scheme, no
  forfeited contributions could be used by employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.

  The Company has also adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and a RSU Scheme. The
  specific details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the RSU Scheme are set out in
  the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”, “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” and “RSU Scheme” below.


  PRE-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

  The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

  (1)    Purpose

         The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive or reward to Eligible Persons (as defined in
         paragraph (2) below) for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to promote the interests of, the Company and
         for such other purposes as the Board may approve from time to time.

  (2)    Grantees

         Directors and employees (whether full-time or part-time) of any member of the Group.

  (3)    Scheme Limit

         The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option
         Scheme is 132,380,000 Shares, representing approximately 10.86% of the issued Shares as of the date of this
         annual report. In any event, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be granted to individual employees
         under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme shall not exceed the total number of share options granted to them.




48   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




(4)   Grant of the share options

      As at 31 December 2024, a total of 132,380,000 share options (equivalent to 132,380,000 underlying shares) had
      been granted to 27 grantees at a consideration of HKD1 under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, representing
      approximately 10.84% of issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024,. As at the beginning and end of
      the Reporting Period, the number of options available for grant under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was nil.

(5)   Subscription price

      The subscription price per Share under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is HKD0.0001. The subscription price shall
      be determined by the Board at its own discretion. In determining the subscription price, the Board takes into account
      factors such as the purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, and the financial position and valuation of the
      Group.

(6)   Exercise period

      The options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the relevant offer letters shall vest as follows:

      1)     a grantee is entitled to exercise 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after the first
             anniversary of the Listing Date;

      2)     a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
             the second anniversary of the Listing Date;

      3)     a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
             the third anniversary of the Listing Date;

      4)     a grantee is entitled to exercise an additional 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
             the fourth anniversary of the Listing Date;

      5)     a grantee is entitled to exercise the remaining 20% of the total number of options granted at any time after
             the fifth anniversary of the Listing Date.

(7)   Term

      The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the Listing Date.

(8)   Right to cancel options

      The Board may cancel an option granted but not exercised under the consent of the grantee of such option.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     49
  Directors’ Report




  Exercise of share options

  The Company adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on 1 July 2020 and granted share options under the Pre-IPO Share
  Option Scheme on 1 July 2020. Details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in Appendix V to the Prospectus
  and note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. During the Reporting Period, none of share options had been granted
  under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, and no share options had been cancelled. During the Reporting Period, details of
  the changes in the share options granted and the share options outstanding under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are as
  follows:

                                                       Number              Number                     Number       Number
                                                     of Shares            of Shares                  of Shares   of Shares
                                                   outstanding            exercised                     lapsed outstanding
                                  Number of               as at          during the                 during the        as at
                                  underlying         1 January           Reporting       Exercise   Reporting 31 December
     Grantees                        Shares               2024               Period         price       Period        2024
                                                                                           (HKD)


     Directors
     Matsuhisa Terumoto             16,810,000         16,810,000                 —            —           —      16,810,000
     Nishimatsu Koei                11,315,000          8,215,000            800,000       0.0001          —       7,415,000
     Kawashima Hirotaka              3,960,000          3,960,000                 —            —           —       3,960,000
     Hirazawa Jungo                  3,400,000          3,400,000                 —            —           —       3,400,000
     Tang Weihua                     7,920,000          4,753,000                 —        0.0001          —       4,753,000
     Sheng Ye                        7,920,000          6,043,309            500,000       0.0001          —       5,543,309


     Subtotal                       51,325,000         43,181,309          1,300,000           —           —      41,881,309


     Employees
     Matsuhisa Hideo*                4,200,000            4,199,000                 —      0.0001          —       4,199,000


     Other 20 employees#            76,855,000         58,800,584          9,106,653       0.0001          —      49,693,931


     Total                        132,380,000        106,180,893          10,406,653           —           —      95,774,240

 *    Employees who are associates of the directors of the Company.

 #    Employees who are not the directors of the Company or any of his/her associates.


 During the Reporting Period, the number of Shares issued by the Company under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was
 24,778,000 Shares, representing approximately 2.03% of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024. For
 share options exercised during the Reporting Period, the weighted average closing price on the date immediately prior to
 the exercise was approximately HK$4.51.

 No further options has been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme since the Listing Date. Accordingly, the
 number of shares that may be issued in respect of options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the
 Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue is nil.

 As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately six (6) years.


50     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. The specific details set out in the
Appendix V to the Prospectus.

(1)    Purpose

       The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide incentive or reward to Eligible Persons (as defined
       in paragraph (2) below) for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to promote the interests of, the Company
       and for such other purposes as the Board may approve from time to time.

(2)    Eligibility of Participants

       The Board may, at its absolute discretion, grant share options to eligible persons (being any Directors or employees
       (whether full time or part time), consultants or professional advisors who in the sole discretion of the Board has
       contributed to and/or will contribute to the Group) (the “Eligible Persons”) to subscribe for such number of
       Shares in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(3)    Maximum number of Shares

       1)     The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
              granted and yet to be exercised under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option
              schemes of the Company, must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from
              time to time. No options may be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share
              option schemes of the Company if this will result in such limit being exceeded.

       2)     Subject to paragraphs (3)1), 4) and 5), at the time of adoption by the Company of the Post-IPO Share
              Option Scheme or any new share option scheme (the “New Scheme”), the aggregate number of Shares
              which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme,
              the New Scheme and all schemes existing at such time (the “Existing Schemes”) of the Company
              must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of the Shares in issue as at the Listing Date (the
              “Scheme Mandate Limit”). As of the date of this annual report, the maximum aggregate number of
              shares available for issue under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was 100,000,000 Shares, representing
              8.20% of the issued Shares as of the date of this annual report. As at the beginning and end of the
              Reporting Period, the number of options available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was
              100,000,000.

       3)     For the purposes of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit under paragraph (3)2), Shares which are the
              subject matter of any options that have already lapsed in accordance with the terms of the relevant Existing
              Scheme(s) shall not be counted.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   51
  Directors’ Report




         4)      The Scheme Mandate Limit may be refreshed by ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting,
                 provided that:

                 A.       the Scheme Mandate Limit so refreshed shall not exceed 10% of the total number of issued Shares
                          as at the date of Shareholders’ approval of the refreshment of the Scheme Mandate Limit;

                 B.       options previously granted under any Existing Schemes (including options outstanding, cancelled, or
                          lapsed in accordance with the relevant scheme rules or exercised options) shall not be counted for the
                          purpose of calculating the refreshed limit; and

                 C.       a circular regarding the proposed refreshment of the Scheme Mandate Limit has been dispatched to
                          the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant
                          provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

         5)      The Company may seek separate approval from the Shareholders in the general meeting for granting options
                 which will result in the Scheme Mandate Limit being exceeded, provided that:

                 A.       the options were granted to Eligible Persons specifically identified by the Company before such
                          approval is sought in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme; and

                 B.       a circular in relation to such grant has been dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying
                          with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
                          Rules and other applicable laws and regulations in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share
                          Option Scheme.

  (4)    Maximum number of share options granted to any individual

         No option shall be granted to any Eligible Persons (the “Relevant Eligible Person”) if, at the relevant time of
         grant, the number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all share options (granted and proposed to
         be granted, whether exercised, cancelled or outstanding) by the Relevant Eligible Person in the 12-month period
         expiring on the date on which an offer of the grant of an option under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme would
         exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue at such time, unless:

         1)      such grant has been duly approved, in the manner specified by the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the
                 Listing Rules, by resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting, at which the Relevant Eligible Person and
                 its associates shall abstain from voting;

         2)      a circular regarding the grant has been dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and
                 containing the information specified in, the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules; and

         3)      the number and terms (including the subscription price) of such share options are determined before the
                 general meeting of the Company at which the same are approved.




52   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                      Directors’ Report




(5)   Price of Shares

      The subscription price for a Share in respect of any particular share option granted under the Post-IPO Share Option
      Scheme (which shall be payable upon exercise of the share option) shall be a price determined by the Board at
      its sole discretion and notified to all Eligible Persons and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the
      Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of offer to grant option, which must be
      a business day; (ii) the average closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet
      for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer to grant option (the “Offer Date”) (provided
      that the new issue price shall be used as the closing price of the Shares for any business day before the listing of
      the Company in case of the offer date is less than five business days upon the listing of the Company); and (iii) the
      nominal value of the Share. A consideration of HKD1.00 is payable on acceptance of the offer of share option.

(6)   Granting options to related persons

      Any grant of options to Directors, the chief executive officer or Substantial Shareholders of the Company or any of
      their respective associates is required to be approved by the independent non-executive Directors (excluding any
      independent non-executive Director who is a proposed grantee of the share options). If the Company proposes
      to grant share options to a Substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director of the Company or
      their respective associates which will result in the number and value of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise
      of options granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such person in
      the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant: (i) representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the
      Shares in issue at the time of such grant; and (ii) having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the
      Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of each grant, in excess
      of HKD5,000,000, such grant shall not be valid unless: (A) a circular containing the details of the grant has been
      dispatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying with, and containing the matters specified in, the relevant
      provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules (including in particular, a recommendation from the independent
      non-executive Directors (excluding the independent non-executive Director who is the prospective grantee) to the
      independent Shareholders as to voting); and (B) such grant has been approved by the Shareholders in general
      meeting (taken on a poll) at which all connected persons shall abstain from voting.

(7)   Restrictions on the time of grant of options

      A grant of options may not be made after a price sensitive event has occurred or a price sensitive matter has been
      the subject of a decision until such price sensitive information has been announced pursuant to the requirements
      of the Listing Rules. In particular, no options may be offered to be granted during the period commencing one
      month immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the date of the Board meeting (as such date is first notified by the
      Company to the Stock Exchange in accordance with the Listing Rules) for the approval of the Company’s results for
      any year, half-year, quarterly or any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules); and (ii)
      the deadline for the Company to publish an announcement of its results for any year or half year, or quarterly or
      any other interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules) under the Listing Rules and ending on the
      date of actual publication of the results announcement. The period which no option may be granted will cover any
      period of delay in the publication of results announcement.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    53
  Directors’ Report




  (8)    Time of exercise of option

         Subject to the provisions of the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations, the Board may in its absolute
         discretion when offering the grant of an option impose any conditions, restrictions or limitations in relation thereto
         in addition to those set forth in the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme as the Board may think fit (to be stated in the
         offer letter) including (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) qualifying and/or continuing eligibility
         criteria, conditions, restrictions or limitations relating to the achievement of performance, operating or financial
         targets by the Company and/or the grantee, the satisfactory performance or maintenance by the grantee of certain
         conditions or obligations or the time or period before the right to exercise the option in respect of all Shares shall
         vest provided that such terms or conditions shall not be inconsistent with any other terms or conditions of the
         Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may
         determine as aforesaid (including such terms and conditions in relation to their vesting, exercise or otherwise) there
         is no minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised and no performance target which
         need to be achieved by the grantee before the option can be exercised.

         The date of grant of any particular option shall be the date on which the offer of such option is duly accepted by
         the grantee in accordance with the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. An option may be exercised in whole or in part
         in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the terms of the offer by the grantee (or his
         personal representative(s)) giving notice in writing to the Company prior to the expiry of the option stating that the
         option is to be exercised and the number of Shares in respect of which it is exercised provided that it is exercised in
         respect of a board lot for dealing in Shares on the Stock Exchange or an integral multiple thereof. Such notice shall
         be accompanied by a remittance for the full amount of the subscription price for the Shares in respect of which the
         notice is given. The period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute
         discretion, save that no option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted. No option may be
         granted more than 10 years after the date of approval of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. Subject to earlier
         termination by the Company in a general meeting, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for
         a period of 10 years from the date of adoption of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme by Shareholders by resolution
         at a general meeting.

  (9)    Performance target

         The Board may from time to time require a particular grantee to achieve certain performance targets specified at
         the time of grant before any option granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme can be exercised. There are
         no specific performance targets stipulated under the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Board
         is currently unable to determine such restriction on the exercise of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share
         Option Scheme.

 During the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2024, no option has been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed
 under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and no option was outstanding under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.
 Accordingly, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option
 Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue is nil.

 As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately six (6) years.




54   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




RSU SCHEME

The Company adopted the RSU Scheme on 15 December 2021 and granted restricted share units (“RSUs”) under the RSU
Scheme on 5 January 2022. The following is a summary of the principal terms of the RSU Scheme. The specific details are
set out in the Company’s announcements dated 15 December 2021 and 5 January 2022.

(1)    Purposes

       The RSU Scheme aims to attract and retain the best available talents, motivate employees, and promote the success
       of the Company’s business.

(2)    Participants

       Persons eligible to receive RSUs under the RSU Scheme are existing employees (whether full time or part time) of the
       Company or any member of the Group. An employee who has been granted an award may, if otherwise eligible,
       be granted additional awards.

(3)    Administration of the Scheme

       The Company has appointed Futu Trustee Limited as the trustee of the RSU Scheme to assist in the administration
       and vesting of the RSUs granted under the RSU Scheme.

(4)    Duration and termination

       Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the RSU Scheme, the Scheme shall
       be valid and effective for a period of five (5) years commencing from the Adoption Date. Upon termination of the
       RSU Scheme, no further RSUs shall be granted under the RSU Scheme.

(5)    Scheme Limit

       The Shares to be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme shall be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired ordinary
       Shares. The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme is
       30,000,000, representing approximately 2.46% of the issued Shares as of the date of this annual report. In any
       event, 1) the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant to the RSU Scheme shall not
       exceed 10% of the issued shares of the Company (as changed from time to time); and 2) the maximum aggregate
       number of Shares which may be awarded to an individual Employee under the RSU Scheme shall not exceed 1% of
       the issued shares of the Company (as changed from time to time).

(6)    Grant of the RSUs

       As of 31 December 2024, a total of 29,459,700 RSUs (equivalent to 29,459,700 underlying Shares) have been
       granted to 149 Grantees at nil consideration under the RSU Scheme, representing approximately 2.41% of the
       issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024. The number of RSUs available for grant under the RSU
       Scheme as of the beginning and end of the Reporting Period is 540,300.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    55
  Directors’ Report




  (7)    Purchase price

         The purchase price for a RSU is HK$4.17. The purchase price for exercising a RSU shall be determined by the Board
         at its own discretion. In determining the purchase price, the Board takes into account considerations such as the
         prevailing closing price of the Shares prior to the date of grant of RSUs, the purpose of the RSU Scheme, and the
         financial condition and valuation of the Group.

  (8)    Vesting schedule

         The vesting schedule of the 29,459,700 RSUs granted to the Grantees shall be as follows:

         1)      in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2023;

         2)      in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2024;

         3)      in relation to 9,819,900 RSUs granted: the RSUs shall vest on 5 January, 2025.

  (9)    Performance targets

         The vesting of each tranche of the RSUs as described above is subject to achievement of certain performance
         targets:

         1)      Group level performance:

                 The Company will assess the revenue and profit of the Group for the relevant year.

         2)      Individual level performance:

                 The Group has in place a standardised performance appraisal system for its employees to comprehensively
                 evaluate their performance and contribution to the Group. The Company will determine whether the
                 Grantees meet the individual performance target based on their performance appraisal results for the
                 relevant year. In case of partial achievement and satisfaction of the performance targets, the applicable RSUs
                 may be vested in proportion to the performance targets actually achieved for the relevant year.




56   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




Change in the RSUs

The Company adopted the RSU Scheme on 15 December 2021 and granted RSUs under the RSU Scheme on 5 January
2022. The specific details of the RSU Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 15 December 2021 and
5 January 2022 and note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. During the Reporting Period,
no restricted share units were granted under the RSU Scheme, and no restricted share units were canceled. During the
Reporting Period, details of the changes in the RSUs granted and the RSUs outstanding under the RSU Scheme are as
follows:

                                            Number of        Number of                        Number of    Number of
                           Number of         restricted        restricted                       restricted  restricted
                            restricted      share units      share units                      share units  share units
                           share units     outstanding            vested                           lapsed outstanding
                           granted on             as at       during the                       during the        as at
                            5 January        1 January        Reporting         Purchase       Reporting 31 December
 Grantees                        2022             2024            Period            Price          Period        2024
                                                                                   (HKD)


 149 employees               29,459,700      18,538,200        9,269,100             4.17                0       9,269,100


The closing price in relation to the RSUs before the date of grant was HK$8.51. For the restricted share units vested
during the Reporting Period, the weighted average closing price immediately before the dates of vesting was HK$5.13.
As of 31 December 2024, the number of Shares issued by the Company under the RSU Scheme was 27,945,000 Shares,
representing approximately 2.29% of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024.

No further restricted share units have been granted under the RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period. Accordingly,
the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of restricted share units granted under the RSU Scheme during the
Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue is nil.

As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the RSU Scheme is approximately two (2) years.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”, “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” and “RSU
Scheme” above, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company, or existed during the Reporting Period.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of related transactions of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.

Save as the lease payments set out below, which constitute a continuing connected transaction, and the other continuing
connected transactions exempted from the reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, none of these related transactions constituted a connected
transaction as defined under the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024    57
  Directors’ Report




  CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

  Partially-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

  Lease of Shanghai manufacturing base from Morimatsu Chemical

  Morimatsu Chemical is a subsidiary of Morimatsu Seiki, which in turn is a subsidiary of the Controlling Shareholder,
  Morimatsu Holdings. Accordingly, Morimatsu Chemical is a connected person of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A
  of the Listing Rules and the transactions with Morimatsu Chemical constitute continuing connected transactions of the
  Company.

  The Group leased the Shanghai manufacturing base, situated at No. 29 Jinwen Road, Zhuqiao Town, Pudong New District,
  Shanghai, the PRC from Morimatsu Chemical for production and operation. The Company (for itself and on behalf of its
  subsidiaries) and Morimatsu Chemical entered into a property leasing framework agreement (the “Property Leasing
  Framework Agreement”) on 10 November 2023. For further details of the Property Leasing Framework Agreement,
  please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 10 November 2023 and 29 December 2023.

  Pursuant to the Property Leasing Framework Agreement, relevant subsidiaries of the Group shall enter into individual
  property lease agreement(s) with Morimatsu Chemical, which prescribe specific terms and conditions, including rental
  amount, payment method and other relevant terms which shall reflect and be subject to the binding principles, guidelines,
  and terms and conditions in the Property Leasing Framework Agreement.

  The Property Leasing Framework Agreement has a term of 3 years commencing from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026
  (the “Target Term”), including a fixed term of twelve (12) months immediately after 1 January 2024 (the “First Year”).
  If we intend to continue the leasing arrangements for the subsequent period of the Target Term after the First Year (the
  “Subsequent Period”), we will re-negotiate the rents with Morimatsu Chemical within thirty (30) days before the end of
  the First Year, and enter into new individual property lease agreement(s), which shall be in conformity with the terms and
  conditions under the Property Leasing Framework Agreement and the annual caps thereunder. Upon expiry of the Target
  Term, the Property Leasing Framework Agreement may, subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules, be renewed for
  further period of three years by mutual agreement.

  The annual cap of such continuing connected transactions for 2024 was RMB60,000,000. The actual rent (tax inclusive) for
  2024 was approximately RMB57,219,000. Set forth below is the actual transaction amounts during the Reporting Period:

                                     Lease
                                     commencement
     Lessee                          date                 Lease term              Leased area            Annual rent
                                                                                      (sq.m.)      (RMB/tax inclusive)


     Morimatsu China          1 January 2024              1 year                         828.32                1,430,144
     Morimatsu Heavy Industry 1 January 2024              1 year                      31,774.76               32,045,499
      Office buildings                                                                 6,133.51
      Production workshops                                                            25,641.25
     Morimatsu Pharmaceutical 1 January 2024              1 year                      24,148.11               23,743,141
      Office buildings                                                                 5,110.15
      Production workshops                                                            19,037.96


     Subtotal                                                                         56,751.19               57,218,784


58     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed above, the Company had no connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions which are required to be disclosed under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed that the
transactions have been entered into:

(1)    in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(2)    on normal commercial terms or better; and

(3)    in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable and
       in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

The auditors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and have issued a letter to the
Board of the Company confirming that, with respect to the above continuing connected transactions:

(1)    nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions have not been
       approved by the Board;

(2)    nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not entered
       into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

(3)    nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions have exceeded
       the annual caps.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales to its top five largest customers accounted for approximately 27.6% of
the Group’s total revenue, of which sales to the largest customer accounted for approximately 9.1% of the Group’s total
revenue.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s purchases from its top five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 10.6%
of the Group’s total purchases, of which purchases from the largest supplier accounted for approximately 3.2% of the
Group’s total purchases.

None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (who, to the knowledge of the Directors, own
more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in the Group’s five largest customers and
suppliers during the Reporting Period.


RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group recognises that risk management is one of the important elements for maintaining an efficient, safe and
stable business operation. The Group’s management is responsible for assisting the Board in evaluating the Group’s daily
operations and activities, which are exposed to material risks (including operational risks, financial risks, market risks, etc.)
within and outside the organization. The Group has also established appropriate risk management and internal control
systems and institutions in daily operation and management activities.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   59
  Directors’ Report




  Risks related to global politics and international trade

  The Group is dedicated to expanding its global business, which is subject to the influence of changes in global and regional
  macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical landscapes, social contexts, and regulatory environments. Political conditions in
  various countries exhibit ongoing uncertainties, and the international trade system is subject to fluctuations. The Group’s
  operating costs and potential liabilities may be affected by policy decisions and strict regulations across different regions
  around the world. The Group will continue to monitor the external environment, track and oversee changes in the political
  landscape, and adjust its strategies promptly to respond to dynamic changes at regional and national levels.

  Market risk

  The Group’s market risk mainly arises from the cyclical development of downstream markets and industries, such as
  conventional energy products and conventional chemical products. However, the Group is committed to the diversification
  of market development and customer base. The extensive downstream markets and large customer base enable the Group
  to make full use of the investment cycle of different industries and customers, embed the existing production capacity into
  the investment cycle of different fields, and maintain the stable and healthy growth of business.

  Interest rate risk

  The Group’s interest rate risk primarily consists of the fair value interest rate risk associated with bank loans with fixed
  interest rates and lease liabilities, as well as the cash flow interest rate risk related to bank loans with floating interest rates.
  The Group closely monitors the potential impact of interest rate fluctuations, regularly reviews and supervises the portfolio
  of instruments with fixed and floating interest rates, and makes timely adjustments based on the latest market conditions
  to mitigate interest rate risk.

  Foreign exchange risk

  The Group’s revenue is mainly denominated in Renminbi, USD and Euro, and most of the raw materials and capital
  expenditure are denominated in Renminbi. The Group’s foreign exchange risk mainly arises from the foreign currency
  deposits held and trade receivables denominated in foreign currencies, which would have an impact on the Group’s
  operating profit if foreign exchange rates fluctuate. The Group monitors and reduces the net amount of foreign exchange
  and establishes a series of forward foreign exchange contracts to control foreign exchange risk, and also promotes the
  signing of overseas RMB settlement sales orders with customers to reduce foreign exchange risk exposure.

  Credit risk

  The Group has established comprehensive credit control policies. It assesses the credit quality of customers and sets
  corresponding credit terms based on their financial condition, credit history, and other factors, such as current market
  conditions. The Group performs periodic credit checks on customers, demands for payment for overdue trade receivables,
  and regularly reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for
  expected credit losses is made.

  As the Group’s bank deposits and wealth management products are primarily held with financial institutions of good
  reputation and high credit ratings, the management considers the associated credit risk to be low.




60    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




Trade risks in sanctioned countries/regions

Some of the Group’s products were mainly sold and/or delivered on FOB or shipper basis to certain countries/regions subject
to International Sanctions, namely, Greece, Turkey, Egypt and Iraq. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from
products sold and/or delivered to countries/regions subject to International Sanctions amounted to approximately RMB181
million (2023: approximately RMB1,082 million), representing approximately 2.61% of the Group’s total revenue (2023:
approximately 14.70%).

The Group did not use the net proceeds from the Global Offering, as well as any other funds raised through the Stock
Exchange and would not enter into any transaction, whether directly or indirectly, to finance or facilitate any activities or
business with, or for the benefit of, any sanctioned countries/regions or any other governments, individuals or entities
sanctioned by the USA, EU, Australia or the United Nations or any activities or business that violated the sanctions imposed
by the United States, the European Union, Australia or the United Nations. The Group had not been notified of any
International Sanctions that would be imposed on the Group for sales and/or deliveries to the countries/regions subject to
International Sanctions for the year ended 31 December 2024, and the Group is not aware of any International Sanctions
that would arise if the Group were to sell and/or deliver products to countries/regions subject to International Sanctions.
Although the Directors do not expect any material increase in the sales or delivery of the Group’s products to these
countries/regions, the Group expects to continue to sell and/or deliver its products to those countries/regions subject to
International Sanctions.

To monitor its sanctions risks, (1) our Board has established a sanctions oversight committee to manage our exposure to
sanctions risks and overseen the implementation of our internal control policies; (2) the Group has opened and maintained
separate bank account which is designated for proceeds from the Global Offering, as well as any other funds raised
through the Stock Exchange to ensure that we will not breach our undertakings to the Stock Exchange as disclosed in
the Prospectus; and (3) the Group has engaged external legal advisers with relevant expertise and experience in sanctions
matters to evaluate the sanctions risk where necessary and has formulated risk management measures and action plans
taking into account the advice and recommendations provided by such external legal advisers. On this basis, our Directors
are of the view that the Group has an adequate and effective internal control framework to continue to support the
Group in identifying and monitoring any material risk relating to International Sanctions laws to protect the interests of the
Company and our Shareholders.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

During the Reporting Period, the results of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income of this annual report.

No shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend during the Reporting Period.

The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of HKD0.15 per Share for the year ended 31 December 2024. Subject
to (i) the approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 26 June 2025,
and (ii) the fact that the Directors are satisfied that there are no reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is,
or will be immediately following the final dividend is paid, unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business, the abovementioned final dividend will be paid on Friday, 25 July 2025, to those Shareholders whose names
appeared on the Register of Members on Monday, 14 July 2025.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   61
  Directors’ Report




  AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

  The AGM of the Company will be held on Thursday, 26 June 2025. A notice convening the AGM is expected to be
  published and dispatched to the Shareholders in due course in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

  For determining the entitlement of the Shareholders to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of the
  Company will be closed from Monday, 23 June 2025 to Thursday, 26 June 2025, both days inclusive, during which period
  no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, unregistered holders of Shares
  shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
  share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
  Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 20 June 2025.

  For determining the Shareholder’s entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the register of members of the Company will
  be closed from Friday, 11 July 2025 to Monday, 14 July 2025, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of Shares
  will be registered. In order to be eligible to the proposed final dividend, all completed transfer documents accompanied by
  the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services
  Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on
  Thursday, 10 July 2025.


  SHARE CAPITAL

  During the Reporting Period, details of movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 28 to the
  consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


  REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

  During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 3,666,000 Shares (the “Share Repurchase”) on the
  Stock Exchange pursuant to the general mandate granted at the AGM held on 28 June 2023 and 18 June 2024, at an
  aggregate consideration of HK$16,625,127.30. The Company is of the view that the repurchase of the Shares will enhance
  the net asset value per share and earnings per share and, therefore, the Share Repurchase is in the best interests of the
  Company and its Shareholders as a whole. Details of the Share Repurchase are as follows:

                                                 Number of
                                               repurchased                                                      Aggregate
     Month                                          Shares           Price paid per Share                    consideration
                                                                       Highest            Lowest
                                                                         (HKD)             (HKD)                        (HKD)


     April 2024                                           170,000           4.53                   4.30            756,549.60
     May 2024                                             987,000           5.15                   4.74          4,879,228.10
     June 2024                                            435,000           6.18                   5.84          2,603,244.80
     August 2024                                          560,000           4.02                   3.69          2,154,390.90
     September 2024                                       560,000           3.86                   3.55          2,061,500.00
     October 2024                                         322,000           4.83                   4.63          1,515,877.10
     November 2024                                        344,000           4.40                   4.19          1,487,554.00
     December 2024                                        288,000           4.10                   3.97          1,166,782.80


     Total                                           3,666,000                —                      —         16,625,127.30


62     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the repurchased Shares were fully cancelled.

During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed above, the Group did not repurchase, sell or redeem of any listed securities
of the Company.


RESERVE

During the Reporting Period, details of movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement
of changes in equity and note 28 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

As at 31 December 2024, details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders are set out in note
28 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company or the relevant laws of
Hong Kong where the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata
basis to existing Shareholders.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the publicly available information and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained a public
float of not less than 25% of the issued Shares since the listing date and up to the date of this annual report.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

During the Reporting Period, details of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group are set out in note 22 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

During the Reporting Period, details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note
10 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DONATION

During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations amounting to approximately RMB2,478,000.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Company’s listed securities during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024      63
  Directors’ Report




  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

  During the Reporting Period, a report on the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out
  in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” of this annual report.


  ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

  During the Reporting Period, information on the Company’s environmental policies and performance is set out in the
  section headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” of this annual report.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the applicable environmental laws and regulations in the places
  where it operates in all material respects. The Group will review its environmental practices from time to time and will
  consider implementing further environmental-friendly initiatives and practices in the operation of the Group’s business to
  enhance sustainability.


  COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

  During the Reporting Period, the Group had complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact
  on the Group in all material respects.


  MATERIAL LITIGATIONS AND ARBITRATION MATTERS

  During the Reporting Period, the Group had no material litigation and arbitration matters.


  AUDITOR

  The Company appointed KPMG as the auditor of the Company for the Reporting Period. A resolution for the re-
  appointment of KPMG as the auditor of the Company will be proposed for Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming
  AGM. The Company has not changed the auditor in any of the three preceding years.

  On behalf of the Board




  Nishimatsu Koei
  Chief executive officer and executive Director

  Hong Kong, 27 March 2025




64   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Corporate Governance Report


The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report of the Company for the Reporting Period.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that good corporate
governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of Shareholders,
enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and accountability.

The Company has adopted the governance principles and code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

During the Reporting Period, the Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions
set out in the CG Code. The Board will review the corporate governance structure and practices from time to time and shall
make necessary arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Board has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors. During the
Reporting Period, having made specific enquiry to all Directors, they have confirmed that they have complied with the
required standard set out in the Model Code.

The Company has also established a code of conduct for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in
possession of inside information of the Company (the “Employees Code”) on terms no less exacting than the Model
Code. During the Reporting Period, no incident of non-compliance of the Employees Code by employees was noted by the
Company.


THE BOARD

The Board of the Company currently comprises the following Directors:

Executive Directors

Mr. Nishimatsu Koei (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Hirazawa Jungo (Chief Financial Officer)
Mr. Tang Weihua
Mr. Sheng Ye
Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka

Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto (Chairman)

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly
Mr. Kanno Shinichiro
Mr. Yu Jianguo




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   65
  Corporate Governance Report




  The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
  annual report.

  The Directors have no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with each other.


  BOARD MEETINGS AND DIRECTORS’ ATTENDANCE RECORDS

  Board meetings will be held regularly at least four times a year. The chairman of the Board should hold meetings with the
  independent non-executive directors at least once a year without the presence of other Directors. Board members will be
  notified of the meeting and provided with all agenda and adequate information for review within a reasonable time prior
  to the meeting.

  Minutes of the Board and Board Committees are kept by Joint Company Secretaries and are available for inspection by the
  Directors at any reasonable time. Minutes of Board meetings and meetings of Board committees have contained sufficient
  records in details of the matters considered and decisions made at the meetings, including any concerns raised by Directors
  or opposing views expressed. Upon the conclusion of the Board meeting, the draft and final version of the meeting minutes
  will be sent to all Directors within a reasonable period of time, with the draft for the Directors’ comments and the final
  version for their records.

  If a substantial shareholder or a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the
  Board has determined to be material, the matter shall be dealt with by convening a Board meeting rather than a written
  resolution. Independent non-executive directors who, and whose close associates, have no material interest in the
  transaction should be present at that Board meeting.

  The Company shall provide the Board with sufficient resources to perform its duties, and the Board may seek independent
  professional advice to perform its responsibilities if necessary at the Company’s expense.

  All Directors are provided with equal opportunity and channel to communicate with the Board and express their opinion
  and with individual and independent access to the management of the Group to make informed decision.




66   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, the Board held four regular meetings in total, with active participation of all Directors either
in person or through electronic means of communication. During the Reporting Period, the chairman of the Board held
one meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors. On 18 June 2024, the
Company held the AGM. The attendance record of the Directors is as follows:

                                                                         Attendance
                                                       Meetings        Meetings Of        Meetings Of
                                       Board            of Audit     Remuneration         Nomination
 Name of Director                    Meetings         Committee         Committee          Committee                 AGM


 Mr. Nishimatsu Koei                        4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Hirazawa Jungo                         4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Tang Weihua                            4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Sheng Ye                               4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka                     4/4                N/A                N/A                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                     4/4                3/3                1/1                1/1                1/1
 Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                    4/4                3/3                1/1                N/A                1/1
 Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                       4/4                2/3                N/A                1/1                1/1
 Mr. Yu Jianguo                             4/4                N/A                1/1                1/1                0/1

During the Reporting Period, apart from the Board meetings, consents and/or approvals from the Board were obtained by
the Company by way of written resolutions on a number of matters/transactions.


RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITY AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND THE
MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for managing and overseeing the management of the business and affairs of the Group, defining
the Group’s purpose, values and strategies and ensuring alignment with the Group’s culture. The Directors are responsible
for making decisions objectively in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. All Directors act with integrity, make
himself/herself as an example, and strive to promote the corporate culture of the Group.

The Board is responsible for making decisions on all major aspects of the Group’s affairs, including the approval and
monitoring of major policy matters, overall strategies, business plans and annual budgets, internal control and risk
management systems, material transactions, major capital expenditure, appointment of Directors and other significant
financial and operational matters.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, practice the concept of acting
in accordance with the law, ethics and responsibility, and have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective operation. The Directors shall disclose to the
Company details of other offices held by them. The Board regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to
perform his/her responsibilities to the Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.

The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for overseeing the Group’s corporate actions and operations and
exercising effective independent judgment on corporate actions and operations for maintaining a balance within the Board.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024     67
  Corporate Governance Report




  All Directors will have full and timely access to all information of the Company and, where appropriate, require to seek
  independent professional advice to discharge their duties to the Company at the Company’s expense.

  The Board may delegate its management and administrative functions to the management. In particular, the day-to-day
  management and operation of the Group had been delegated to the executive Directors and the management team
  during the Reporting Period. The delegated functions are reviewed by the Board periodically to ensure that they remain
  appropriate.

  The section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report provides a review of the business of the
  Group during the Reporting Period and a discussion on the Group’s future business development, which forms part of this
  Corporate Governance Report.


  CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

  The roles of the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer are separate and performed by different individuals.
  Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is the chairman of the Board and Mr. Nishimatsu Koei is the chief executive officer. The chairman
  of the Board is responsible for guiding and directing the work of the Board and overseeing the overall strategic planning
  of the Group while the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for overseeing the daily management and operations of the
  Group. Their respective duties are clearly defined and outlined in writing.


  DIRECTORS’ CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

  All the Directors are aware of their responsibilities to the Shareholders and are diligent in discharging their duties for the
  development of the Group. Each newly appointed Director, if any, is given a formal and comprehensive induction upon
  initial appointment and is subsequently provided with the necessary orientation and professional development to ensure
  that he or she has a proper understanding of the business and operations of the Group and is fully aware of his or her duties
  and responsibilities as a Director in accordance with the Listing Rules and relevant laws and regulations.

  All Directors are provided with regular updates on the performance, financial position and prospectus of the Company
  to facilitate the discharge of their duties by the Board as a whole and by each Director. In addition, each Director is also
  provided with briefings and updates on the latest developments of the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory
  requirements to ensure compliance with related requirements and to raise their awareness of good corporate governance
  practices. According to the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in appropriate continuing
  professional development to develop and update their knowledge and skills to ensure that they remain fully informed and
  their contribution to the Board remains relevant. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses. During
  the Reporting Period, directors had participated in continuing professional development and have provided training records
  to the Company.


  DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S INSURANCE

  The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance coverage for the Directors and the senior management of
  the Company, which provides appropriate coverage against legal proceedings to which the Directors and the senior
  management may be exposed.




68   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the Directors is engaged on a director’s service agreement for a specific term of three years and is renewable by
mutual agreement, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association. As at 31 December 2024, the non-executive
Directors have served more than three years.

Pursuant to the Articles of Association, at each AGM, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not
three or a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) or such higher number of Directors as may
be determined by the Board, or a number determined by such other manner of rotation as may be required by the Listing
Rules or other codes, rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the applicable regulatory authority from time to time
shall retire from office.

Pursuant to the Articles of Association, subject to the provisions in relation to rotation and retirement of directors under the
Listing Rules, each Director shall retire by rotation every three years at the AGM.

The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.


COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee, for overseeing specific aspects of the Company’s affairs.

All Board committees of the Company are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference
of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website and are available to
Shareholders upon request.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to make recommendations to our Board on the appointment and dismissal
of the external auditor, monitor and review the financial statements and information, oversee the financial reporting
system, risk management and internal control systems and perform the corporate governance functions.

The Audit Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly and Mr.
Kanno Shinichiro, and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly is the
chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee held three meetings during the Reporting Period to review the 2023 annual results announcement
and report and 2024 interim results announcement and report of the Company, and to review significant issues on the
financial reporting, operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
systems and internal audit function, appointment of external auditors and relevant scope of works.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   69
  Corporate Governance Report




  The attendance records of the members of the Audit Committee are as follows:

     Name of members of the Audit Committee                                                                 Attendance


     Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                            3/3
     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                                                                                           3/3
     Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                                                                                              2/3

  REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

  The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendation to our Board on the overall remuneration
  policy and structure for all Directors and the senior management of the Group, review the remuneration packages and
  ensure that none of our Directors determine their own remuneration, and review and/or approve the incentive schemes.

  The Remuneration Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Yu Jianguo and Ms. Chan
  Yuen Sau Kelly and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Mr. Yu Jianguo is the chairman of the
  Remuneration Committee.

  The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period to review the Company’s remuneration
  policy and structure, the remuneration package of all Directors and senior management (adjusting the directors’ fee of all
  Directors for 2024), and make recommendations to the Board.

  The attendance records of the members of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:

     Name of members of the Remuneration Committee                                                          Attendance


     Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                            1/1
     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                                                                                           1/1
     Mr. Yu Jianguo                                                                                                    1/1

  REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

  Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors and Senior Management

  The Group’s remuneration policy aims to provide a fair market level of remuneration to attract, retain and motivate
  high-quality executive Directors, senior management and employees, while aligning the rewards with Shareholders’
  interests at the same time.




70     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




The principles of the remuneration policy are as follows:

(1)    Remuneration packages and structures shall reflect a fair reward system for all participants with an emphasis on
       performance, comprising the following components:

         Components                                         Determining Factors


         Fixed compensation
         Base salary and allowances                         Market benchmarks relevant to role and job scope
                                                            Company performance
                                                            Individual performance and contribution, measured against
                                                              annual financial and operational targets (turnover, expense
                                                              ratio, earnings per share, achievement of key strategic
                                                              initiatives, etc.)

         Variable compensation
         Performance bonus                                  Company performance
                                                            Individual performance and contribution, measured against
                                                              annual financial and operational targets (turnover, expense
                                                              ratio, earnings per share, achievement of key strategic
                                                              initiatives, etc.)
         Share options                                      Company performance

(2)    Remuneration packages shall be set at levels that ensure comparability and competitiveness with similar companies.
       Independent professional advice is to be sought where appropriate.

(3)    Remuneration and employment conditions of other employees in the Group shall be taken into account.

(4)    The remuneration policy for executive Directors and senior management shall be reviewed regularly.

Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors

Key elements for determining the remuneration policy for non-executive Directors include the following:

(1)    Remuneration shall be set at an appropriate level to attract and retain first-class talents for non-executive Directors.

(2)    Remuneration shall be set at a level proportional to their commitment and contribution to the Company.

(3)    Remuneration practices for non-executive Directors shall be consistent with recognized best practice standards.

(4)    Remuneration shall be paid on an annual basis.

(5)    No equity interest remuneration with any performance-related element shall be given to independent non-executive
       Directors.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   71
  Corporate Governance Report




  Remuneration Level of Directors and Senior Management

  Details of the remuneration of the Directors for the Reporting Period are set out in note 7 to the consolidated financial
  statements.

  During the Reporting Period, the remuneration of the senior management, whose biographies are set out in the section
  headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report, fell within the following bands:

                                                                           Remuneration band                Number of
     Senior management                                                                 (RMB)                   people


     Nishimatsu Koei                                                    12,000,000 to 12,500,000                        1
     Hirazawa Jungo                                                       2,000,000 to 2,500,000                        1


 NOMINATION COMMITTEE

  The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board
  and make recommendations to the Board regarding candidates to fill vacancies on the Board and/or in senior management.

  The Nomination Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Kanno Shinichiro and Mr. Yu Jianguo
  and one non-executive Director, Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto. Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto is the chairman of the Nomination
  Committee.

  The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period to review the structure, size, composition of the
  Board and the Board diversity policy, assess the independence of the Board and independent non-executive Directors, and
  also make recommendations to the Board on the re-election of Directors.

  The attendance records of the members of the Nomination Committee are as follows:

     Name of members of the Nomination Committee                                                           Attendance


     Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto                                                                                           1/1
     Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                                                                                             1/1
     Mr. Yu Jianguo                                                                                                   1/1




72     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




NOMINATION POLICY

The Board has adopted a nomination policy.

Purpose

(1)    The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make
       recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings or appoint as Directors to fill casual
       vacancies.

(2)    The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than the
       number of Directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual vacancies to be
       filled.

(3)    The Nomination Committee shall ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
       appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

Selection Criteria

(1)    The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a
       proposed candidate:

       1）     character and integrity;

       2）     qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the
              Company’s business and corporate strategy;

       3）     accomplishment and experience business from time to time conducted, engaged in or invested in by any
              member of the Group;

       4）     commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

       5）     requirement for the Board to have independent directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether
              the candidates would be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in
              the Listing Rules;

       6）     the Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives adopted by the Nomination Committee for
              achieving diversity on the Board; and

       7）     such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.

       These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee has
       the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   73
  Corporate Governance Report




  (2)       Rigorous review is applied to assessing the continuing independence of Directors having served for over 9
            consecutive years, with attention to ensuring that they remain independent in character and judgment, and
            continue to present an objective and constructive challenge to the assumptions and viewpoints presented by the
            management and the Board.

  (3)       Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form, together
            with their written consent to be appointed as Directors and to the public disclosure of their personal data on any
            documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election as a Director.

  (4)       The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if considered
            necessary.

  Nomination Procedures

  (1)       For filling a casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s consideration
            and approval. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall
            make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation.

  (2)       The Nomination Committee shall, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new director and the
            biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set
            out in paragraph Selection Criteria (1) to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

  (3)       If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee shall rank them by order of
            preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where applicable).

  (4)       The Nomination Committee shall then recommend to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship. The Board
            shall have the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors.

  (5)       For any person that is nominated by a shareholder for election as a director at the general meeting of the Company
            pursuant to its constitutional documents, the Nomination Committee shall evaluate such candidate based on the
            criteria as set out in paragraph Selection Criteria (1) to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship
            and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall make recommendation to shareholders
            in respect of the proposed election of director at the general meeting.

  Re-election of Directors at General Meetings

  (1)       The Nomination Committee shall review the overall contribution and service to the Company of the retiring
            Director including his/her attendance of Board meetings and, where applicable, general meetings, and the level of
            participation and performance on the Board.

  (2)       The Nomination Committee shall also review and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the
            criteria as set out in paragraph Selection Criteria (1).

  (3)       The Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect of the
            proposed re-election of Director at general meetings.




74      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




Succession Planning

The Board recognises the importance of having continuity in the management of the Company, and managers with
appropriate skills and experience to support the delivery of the Group’s strategic priorities. Succession planning is a regular
Board agenda item and considered by the Board annually.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the “policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain an
appropriate balance of skills, experience and diverse perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the business growth to
support the execution of business strategies.

Purpose

The purpose of the policy is to set out our approach to board diversity.

Vision

The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance.

Policy Statement

With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board
level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. In
designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited
to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

Measurable Objectives

The Nomination Committee will annually discuss and agree on measurable objectives for the implementation of board
diversity and make recommendations to the Board for adoption.

Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate
decision will be based on merit and contribution that the candidates will bring to the Board. The Board’s composition
(including gender, ethnicity, age, length of service) will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report annually.

Monitoring and Reporting

The Nomination Committee will report annually, in the Corporate Governance Report, on the Board’s composition
under diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the policy. The Nominating Committee is responsible
for ensuring diversity on the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the policy, as appropriate, to ensure the
effectiveness of the policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any
such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       75
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Board comprises nine members, including five executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent
     non-executive Directors. Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and experiences, including business
     management, quality control, administration and management, manufacture and research and development of pressure
     vessels and finance, auditing and accounting experiences. The Board members also obtained degrees in various majors
     including business administration, chemical and mechanical engineering, metallurgical engineering, water supply and
     drainage engineering, electronics engineering and business and commerce. Furthermore, the ages of the Directors range
     from 40 years old to 85 years old.

     While the Company recognises that gender diversity at our Board level can be improved given one out of nine of our
     Directors is female, the Company will continue to apply the principle of appointments based on merits with reference to
     the board diversity policy as a whole, and the Company has also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender
     diversity at all levels of the Company, including but not limited to the Board and the management levels. The Company will
     strive to achieve gender balance of the Board through certain measures to be implemented by our Nomination Committee
     in accordance with the board diversity policy. In particular, taking into account the business needs of the Group and
     changing circumstances from time to time that may affect the Group’s business plans, the Company will actively identify
     female individuals suitably qualified to become the Board members and the Company aims to achieve a target of 20%
     female representation in the Board, during the period of which we are listed on the Stock Exchange. To further ensure
     gender diversity of the Board in a long run, the Group will also identify and select several female individuals with a diverse
     range of skills, experience and knowledge in different fields from time to time, and maintain a list of such female individuals
     who possess qualities to become the Board members, which will be reviewed by our Nomination Committee quarterly in
     order to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to promote gender diversity of the Board of the Company.

     Taking into account the background of the Directors and other related information, the Nomination Committee is of the
     view that such policies are effective and adequate. During the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board is diversified.

     The Company is also committed to adopting similar approach above to promote diversity of all staff of the Group (including
     but not limited to the senior management) to enhance the effectiveness of our corporate governance. The Group is mainly
     engaged in design, manufacture, installation and operation and maintenance. Due to the nature of the industry, most of
     the Group’s employees are male. The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diverse perspectives that are
     relevant to the growth of the Group’s business and also strives to ensure that recruitment and selection practices at all levels
     (from the Board down) are properly structured so that a diverse range of candidates is considered. As at 31 December 2024,
     the ratio of male and female employees of the Group is about 4:1, details of related data are set out in the section headed
     “Environmental, Social and Governance Report”. Due to the nature of the industry and the relevant labour supply market,
     the Group tends to employ more male employees than female employees. The Company is committed to maintaining a
     balance of male and female employees, and has implemented a fair employment policy. The Company will regularly assess
     its employment policy to ensure merit-based and diverse recruitment of employees in order to narrow the gender gap in the
     workforce.




76      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment
of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing
appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect
of his or her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company considers all of the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


BOARD INDEPENDENCE POLICY

The Board has adopted a board independence policy (the “Policy”), which is intended to set out the principles for
maintaining the independence of the Board.

The Structure, Size and Composition of the Board

The Board consists of executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors. In order to
ensure that the Board can obtain independent opinions, the number of independent non-executive Directors in the Board
shall not be less than one-third of the total number of Directors and shall not be less than three.

There are three standing director committees under the Board, namely the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration
Committee and the Audit Committee. In order to ensure that the Board can obtain independent opinions, the three
standing committees under the Board are all composed of non-executive Directors and independent non-executive
Directors, and most of the members are independent non-executive Directors.

Independence Criteria for Assessing Independent Non-Executive Directors

(1)    The general principle for assessing the independence of an independent non-executive Director is: the Director shall
       not have any material or substantial interest relationship with the Group, the management of the Group or the
       Controlling Shareholder of the Group. The independence of a Director may be more likely to be doubted if there is
       any of the following circumstances in relation to the Director.

       1)     Equity relationship:

              The Director holds more than 1% of the issued Shares of the Company;




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   77
  Corporate Governance Report




               2)      Professional service relationship:

                       A.       The Director is currently, or within the two years prior to the month when its independence was
                                assessed, has been a current or former employee, partner, director or principal of a consulting
                                company that provides professional services (including auditing services) that have a significant
                                impact on operations to the Company or its core related persons;

                       B.       A family member of the Director is currently, or within the two years prior to the month when
                                its independence was assessed, has been a current or former partner, director or principal of a
                                consulting company that provides professional services (including auditing services) that have a
                                significant impact on operations to the Company or its core related persons;

                       C.       A family member of the Director is the employee of the auditors engaged by the Company and is
                                currently personally involved in providing audit services to the Company;

                       D.       During the two financial years preceding the year in which the Director’s independence was assessed,
                                the Director or his/her family member was an employee, partner or director of the auditors providing
                                auditing services to the Company and personally involved in providing audit services to the Company;

               3)      Business relationship:

                       A.       The Director has or, within one year before the date of his proposed appointment as an independent
                                non-executive Director, has had a material interest in any major business activities of the Company
                                and its major subsidiaries (branches); or is involved in or has ever been involved in a major commercial
                                transaction with the Company or its core related persons;

                       B.       The Director serves on the Board for the purpose of protecting an entity whose interests differ from
                                those of the Company’s shareholders as a whole;

               4)      Employment and remuneration relationships:

                       A.       The Director is (or has been within two years preceding the date on which he is proposed to be
                                appointed as a director) an executive officer or director (other than an independent non-executive
                                director) of the Company or its core related persons;

                       B.       The Director is financially dependent on the Company or its core related persons.

               5)      Serving as directorship of each other’s company or other related relationships:

                       The Director and other Directors hold mutual directorships in the each other’s company, or has a significant
                       connection with other Directors through participation in other companies or groups. If the Board still
                       considers such Director to be independent under such circumstance, the relevant reasons should be stated
                       in the Corporate Governance Report.

     (2)       When assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors, the Company should also refer to the
               relevant guidelines in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules to make judgments.




78         Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Requirements for Serving as an Independent Non-executive Directors

(1)    An independent non-executive Director should meet the following basic requirements:

       1）     has the qualifications to serve as directors of listed companies according to the Listing Rules and other
              relevant regulations;

       2）     has the independence required by this policy;

       3）     possesses basic knowledge of the operation of listed companies, and is familiar with the Listing Rules,
              relevant laws, administrative regulations, rules and regulations;

       4）     has more than five years of legal, economic or other work experience necessary to perform the duties of an
              independent non-executive director;

       5）     other conditions stipulated by laws and regulations and the Articles of Association.

(2)    Where an independent non-executive Director will be serving as a director of a seventh (or more) listed company,
       the Board will need to explain to the Shareholders why it believes that the person can still devote sufficient time to
       fulfilling his/her responsibilities as a director.

(3)    If an independent non-executive Director fails to attend the Board meeting in person for three consecutive times,
       the Board shall request the general meeting to dismiss and replace him/her.

(4)    Before the expiration of the term of an independent non-executive Director, the Company may remove him/her
       through statutory procedures. In case of early removal, the Company shall disclose it as a special disclosure.

(5)    The Company shall not give any equity-based remuneration with a performance-related element to the independent
       non-executive Directors.

Requirements for the Term of Independent Non-Executive Directors

When an independent non-executive Director who has been re-elected for more than nine consecutive years remains
independent and shall be re-elected, the factors considered, the procedures and the discussions of the Board or the
Nomination Committee shall be additionally disclosed by the Company.

If an independent non-executive director has been in office for more than nine years, his/her re-appointment shall be
reviewed and approved by Shareholders in the form of an independent resolution. The Company shall state in the
document accompanying the resolution issued to Shareholders why the Board (or Nomination Committee) believes that
the Director is still independent and shall be re-elected, including the factors considered, the process of the Board (or
Nomination Committee) for making this decision and what was discussed.

If all independent non-executive Directors of the Company are independent non-executive Directors who have served for
more than nine consecutive years, new independent non-executive Directors shall be appointed by the Company and the
names and tenure shall be disclosed for each of such independent non-executive Directors who have served for more than
nine consecutive years in the circular to shareholders.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   79
  Corporate Governance Report




  The Board shall review the independence of Directors annually to ensure that the Directors are not involved in any business
  or other relationships that may affect their independent judgment. The Board shall review the composition of the Board,
  and the background, skills, experience and the understanding, knowledge and insight of the business of each executive and
  non-executive Director on the Board every year according to the requirements of business and strategy, and reviews the
  effectiveness of the relevant composition to ensure that the Board has a high degree of independence. The Board believes
  that the Policy is effective and adequate, and the Board had maintained its independence during the Reporting Period.


  DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

  The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the Reporting
  Period.

  The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or circumstances that may significantly affect
  the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

  The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements
  is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report.


  AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

  An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services and non-
  audit services for the Reporting Period is set out below:

                                                                                                               Fees paid/
     Service Category                                                                                            payable
                                                                                                                RMB’000


     Audit services                                                                                                  4,200
     Non-audit services                                                                                                 20


     Total                                                                                                           4,220


 JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

  Mr. Lee Kenneth Hoi Nap and Ms. Lau Wai Yee are the joint company secretaries of the Company. Biographical details of
  the joint company secretaries are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.




80     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Mr. Lee is a full-time employee of the Group and has day-to-day knowledge of the Group’s affairs. Ms. Lau is a director
of Immanuel Consulting Limited, a licensed trust and corporate services provider specialising in integrated business and
corporate services. The primary contact person of Ms. Lau in the Company is Mr. Lu Weifeng, the person in charge of the
securities office of the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the joint company secretaries attended sufficient professional training as required under Rule
3.29 of the Listing Rules to update their skills and knowledge.

INVESTOR RELATIONS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT

No amendments were made by the Company to the Articles of Association during the Reporting Period. The latest version
of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Shareholder Communication Policy

The Company believes that the effective communication with Shareholders is essential to enhance investor relations
and deepen investors’ understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. In order to facilitate effective
communication, the Company has adopted a Shareholder Communication Policy aiming to establish the mutual
relationship and communication between the Company and Shareholders.

(1)    Purpose

       The Shareholder communication policy is intended to set out provisions aimed at ensuring Shareholders’ equal and
       timely access to corporate information, enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner and
       allowing them to actively participate in the Company’s operations.

(2)    General policy

       1)     The Board will maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and periodically review the policy to ensure
              its effectiveness.

       2)     Information will be communicated to Shareholders through the Company’s financial reports, annual and
              other general meetings that may be held, and disclosures filed with the Stock Exchange.

       3)     Effective and timely communication of information to Shareholders should be ensured at all times. Any
              questions related to this policy will be referred to the Company Secretary of the Company.

(3)    Communication strategy

       1)     Shareholder inquiries

              A.      The Board will maintain an ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and periodically review this policy to
                      ensure its effectiveness.

              B.      Shareholders may request corporate information at any time as long as such information is publicly
                      available.

              C.      Shareholders shall be provided with a designated contact person, e-mail address and the Company’s
                      inquiry telephone number to enable them to raise any inquiries related to the Company.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024      81
  Corporate Governance Report




         2)      Corporate communication

                 Corporate communication means any document issued or to be issued by the Company for Shareholder’s
                 information or actions, but is not limited to Directors’ reports and annual accounts together with auditors’
                 reports, interim reports, notices of meetings, circulars and proxy forms.

                 A.       Corporate communications should be drawn up in plain language that can be easily understood by
                          Shareholders and be provided to Shareholders in Chinese and English. Shareholders have the right
                          to choose the language (English or Chinese) or the method for receiving corporate communications
                          (hard copy or in electronic form).

                 B.       Shareholders are encouraged to provide the Company with, among other things, their e-mail
                          addresses to facilitate timely and efficient communication.

         3)      Company website

                 A.       A dedicated investor relations section is available on the Company’s website at
                          www.morimatsu-online.com. Information on the Company’s website is regularly updated.

                 B.       Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also published on the Company’s
                          website immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, results
                          announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and related explanatory documents.

                 C.       All presentations provided in connection with the annual general meetings and the annual results
                          announcement should be available on the Company’s website.

                 D.       All press releases and Shareholder communications shall be available on the Company’s website.

         4)      General meetings

                 A.       Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings or, if they are unable to attend, to appoint
                          proxies to attend and vote on their behalf.

                 B.       Proper arrangements shall be made for annual general meetings to encourage Shareholders’
                          participation.

                 C.       The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed regularly, and if
                          necessary, appropriate changes will be made to ensure that the needs of Shareholders are best
                          served.

                 D.       Members of the Board, in particular, the chairmen of the Board committees or their representatives,
                          relevant senior management and external auditors will attend annual general meetings to answer
                          Shareholders’ questions.

                 E.       Shareholders are encouraged to participate in Shareholder activities organized by the Company, and
                          information about the Company, including the latest strategic plans, products and services, will be
                          exchanged at the activities.




82   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




(4)    Shareholder privacy

       The Company recognizes the importance of Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose Shareholders’ information
       without their consent, except as required by law.

During the Reporting Period, the main channels for the Company to convey information to Shareholders and investors
were the Company’s financial reports (interim and annual reports), announcements, circulars and other corporate
communications available for inspection on the Company’s website at www.morimatsu-online.com and the HKExnews
website at www.hkexnews.hk, as well as the direct communication platforms provided at annual general meetings.
Meanwhile, the Company organizes various activities as needed, including holding briefing sessions for investors/analysts
and individual meetings with them, media interviews and investor promotion activities, to promote the communication
between the Company and Shareholders and investors. Directors and employees of the Company will comply with the
relevant disclosure responsibilities and requirements of the Listing Rules whenever they contact or communicate with
investors, analysts, the media or other relevant external parties. The Board believes that during the Reporting Period, the
Company continued to maintain dialogue with Shareholders and investors, and the Company has ensured the effectiveness
of the implementation of the shareholder communication policy, and will regularly review the shareholder communication
policy to ensure its continued effectiveness.

Shareholders’ Rights

Shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings of the Company. To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and
rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each substantially separate issue, including the election of individual Directors,
at general meetings. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules
and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each
general meeting.

Convening Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals

In accordance with the Articles of Association, a shareholder (holding at the date of the requisition not less than 5% of the
total voting rights of the Company entitled to vote at a general meeting) may request the Board to call a general meeting
of the Company, which the Board must convene such meeting within 21 days of the requisition and within 28 days of
the date on which notice of the general meeting is given. Such request must state the general nature of the business to
be transacted at the meeting and may include the text of resolutions that may be properly proposed and intended to be
proposed at the meeting. Such request may be sent to the Company in paper or electronic form and must be authenticated
by the person making the request. If the Board fails to convene a general meeting within the prescribed time, the person
making the requisition or the Shareholders representing more than half of the total voting rights of all Shareholders may
convene a general meeting by themselves in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which that meeting is
required to be called by the Directors, and the Company shall reimburse the person making the requisition for all reasonable
expenses incurred due to the Board’s failure to convene a meeting. If at any time the Company does not have any Directors
or a quorum of Directors capable of constituting a meeting, any two or more Shareholders holding not less than 10% of
the total voting rights of the Company entitled to vote at a general meeting may convene a general meeting in the same
manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which that meeting is required to be called by the Directors.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   83
  Corporate Governance Report




  Procedures for shareholder to propose a person for election as a Director

  The specific procedures for Shareholders to propose any person for election as a Director of the Company are published on
  the Company’s website.

  Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings

  Pursuant to Sections 580 and 615 of the Companies Ordinance, either the Shareholders of the Company representing at
  least 2.5% of the total voting rights of the Shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the general meeting,
  or at least 50 Shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the general meeting, may request the Company
  in writing to circulate statements of the resolutions proposed at the general meeting/give notice of the resolutions properly
  proposed and intended to be proposed at the general meeting to the Shareholders entitled to receive notice of the general
  meeting.

  The requisition (1) may be sent to the Company in paper at the registered office or in electronic form by email at
  contact@morimatsu-online.com/ircontact@morimatsu-online.com; (2) must identify the statement to be circulated/
  resolution of which notice is to be given; (3) must be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and (4) (a) in the
  case of requisition for the circulation of statements regarding resolutions proposed at the general meeting, such requisition
  must be received by the Company not later than 7 days before the general meeting or (b) in the case of requisition for the
  notice of the resolutions properly proposed and intended to be proposed at the general meeting, the requisition must be
  received by the Company not later than 6 weeks before the general meeting, or if later, the time at which notice is given
  of that meeting.

  Make Enquiries to the Board

  Shareholders who wish to make enquiries to the Board should send such enquiries in writing to the Company. The
  Company does not normally handle verbal or anonymous enquiries.

  Contact Information

  Shareholders may send the above inquiries or requests in the following manner:

  Address:                29/F, One Exchange Square
                          8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong
                          (For the attention of the Board of Directors/Joint Company Secretaries)
  Email:                  contact@morimatsu-online.com
                          ircontact@morimatsu-online.com
  Telephone:              +852 2157 0050

  For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deliver and send the original of a duly signed written request/notice/
  statement/enquiry, as the case may be, to the above address, providing their full name, contact details and identity, in order
  to be processed. Shareholder information may be disclosed as required by law.




84   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




Dividend Policy

The Board has adopted a dividend policy which provides that the Company in general meeting may declare dividends in any
currency, but no dividend shall be declared in excess of the amount recommended by the Board and subject to applicable
laws and regulations and the Articles of Association.

In deciding whether to recommend the payment of dividend to Shareholders, the Board will take into account factors
including the following:

(1)    general business conditions and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or
       financial performance and position of the Company;

(2)    the financial condition and results of operations of the Group;

(3)    the expected capital requirements and future expansion plans of the Group;

(4)    future prospects of the Group;

(5)    statutory and regulatory restrictions;

(6)    contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Group to the Shareholders or by the subsidiaries of the
       Company to the Company;

(7)    payment by the Company’s subsidiaries of cash dividends to the Company;

(8)    Shareholders’ interests; and

(9)    other factors the Board may deem relevant in determining whether dividends are to be declared and paid.

The Board will review its financial position from time to time and will make dividend distributions as it considers appropriate
in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   85
  Corporate Governance Report




  Important Event Log of Shareholders for FY2025

  The Company is committed to maintaining sincere and constructive communication with its Shareholders/investors, and
  providing the Shareholders/investors with the information they need to make informed investment decisions. In order to
  further maintain and strengthen the effectiveness of the Company’s communication with the Shareholders/investors, the
  Company’s important event log for shareholders in the financial year of 2025 is as follows:

  First half of 2025
  •      2024 annual results announcement
         Results release (also available on live broadcasting)
  •      Roadshow after results announcement
  •      Annual General Meeting

  Second half of 2025
  •    2025 interim results announcement
       Results release (also available on live broadcasting)
  •    Roadshow after results announcement


  RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

  We have established a three-tiered risk management and internal control system covering governance, management and
  execution.

  The Board, as the highest decision-making body for risk management and internal control (including financial control,
  operation control and compliance control), is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of risks that
  the Group is willing to accept in achieving its strategic objectives, overseeing the design, implementation and monitoring
  of the risk management and internal control system by the management and reviewing the effectiveness and adequacy
  of such system during the previous financial year and the first half of the year at least twice a year to ensure that the
  Group establishes and maintains an appropriate and effective risk management and internal control system. The Board
  acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control system and the review of the effectiveness
  and adequacy of such system which is designed to manage, not eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives,
  and that only reasonable and not absolute assurance can be given that there will be no material misstatement or loss. The
  risk management and internal control system is reviewed on an ongoing basis by the Board.

  The Board is responsible for overseeing and reviewing the Group’s risk management and internal control system through
  the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee is responsible for supervising the risk management and internal control
  system of the Group under the terms of reference. The Audit Committee oversees the risk management and internal
  control processes and reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system through the following
  procedures: (1) monitoring the current status of the Group’s internal audit department and control systems; (2) reviewing
  work reports on risk management and internal control (including internal audit work, risk management work and anti-fraud
  work, as well as measures taken or required to be taken to address matters requiring attention in the work); and (3)
  reviewing the Group’s work plans to maintain the continuous effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
  system.




86   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




The Group has established a risk management team, members of which will combine the Group’s actual operation and
external environment to organize and analyze risks from five aspects, namely strategy, finance, market, operation and legal,
evaluate and discuss to identify significant risks, formulate and implement corresponding risk management strategies and
solutions for the identified significant risks, summarize the risk management work for the previous financial year, plan the
risk management work for the current year, and continuously adjust the risk management related work according to the
management needs with a dynamic approach.

In addition to the above-mentioned significant risk management mechanism, the Group has established a comprehensive
risk management and internal control management system, policies and systems to promote and support anti-corruption
and anti-fraud laws and regulations, procedures and internal control measures for handling and releasing inside information
and established an internal control process framework covering sales and cash collection, procurement and payment,
inventory management, environmental protection and production management, research and development and intangible
asset management, fixed asset management, capital management, human resources and remuneration management,
financial reporting and external information disclosure, information system management and other business processes with
continuous improvement to ensure the effective operation of the risk management and internal control system.

The Group has established a dedicated internal control audit department to undertake the internal audit function,
oversee the design and implementation of internal control policies, analyze and independently evaluate the adequacy
and effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control system, and regularly report the evaluation results
to the Audit Committee. In addition to the internal control audit department, all employees are responsible for the risk
management and internal control within their business areas.

The Group has established a whistleblowing policy and system for employees and those who have a relationship with the
Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise concerns in confidence and in an anonymous way to the Audit Committee
about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Group.

The management and the Board are of the opinion that the Group’s risk management and internal control system is
effective and adequate, and that the resources, employee qualifications and experience, training courses received by
employees and related budget of the Group in accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions and in relation to
the issuer’s environmental, social and governance performance and reporting are adequate and that there were no material
control failures or significant control outcomings during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   87
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  ABOUT THE REPORT

  ESG Governance Structure

  The Board of the Group is fully aware of its responsibility to protect and enhance long-term Shareholder value, to lead
  and manage the Group to deliver long-term returns and to make a positive impact on society and the environment.
  Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) is a priority and important factor in measuring a company’s non-financial
  performance, as well as its valuation, risk management and regulatory compliance. Corporate ESG performance is inevitably
  one of the key criteria for demonstrating a company’s corporate social responsibility and future sustainability.

  The Board of the Company is responsible for formulating ESG strategies of the Group, assessing and determining relevant
  risks, and ensuring that a suitable and effective risk management objective and internal control system is in place. By
  assessing and evaluating ESG-related risks and performance reporting, the Group sets overall strategic objectives, monitors
  management effectiveness, and ensures reliable business operations and compliance with relevant legal and regulatory
  requirements. On 14 September 2020, the Group appointed Mr. Kawashima Hirotaka, an executive Director and a member
  of the Board, to plan, organize and oversee the ESG process, and established an ESG management team composed of the
  management and the heads of production, quality control, sales, procurement, health, safety and environment (“HSE”)
  and human resources departments to ensure the specific execution and implementation of the Group’s ESG work and
  strategies. He is also responsible to report to the Board regularly and follow the Board’s instruction and suggestions. During
  the Reporting Period, the Group established ESG working groups in the life science business unit and the energy and
  materials business unit respectively, which were dedicated to ensuring the execution and implementation of the Group’s
  environmental, social and governance strategies in the respective business units under the leadership and supervision of the
  ESG management team.

  This ESG report (the “Report”) collects qualitative data and quantitative data to demonstrate the Group’s determination
  and relevant performance in achieving sustainable development.

  Scope of Reporting

  This report provides an overview of the Group’s sustainability performance by summarizing the policies, management
  practices and performance of the Group’s businesses in the area of corporate social responsibility. The report covers the
  Company and its subsidiaries and branches in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Nantong, Changshu, Wuhan and Weifang in China,
  as well as in Sweden, Japan, USA, India, Malaysia, Italy, Singapore and Mexico.

  Reporting Period

  This report describes and highlights the ESG activities, challenges and measures taken by the Group during the Reporting
  Period.

  Basis of Preparation

  This report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code” (the “Code”)
  as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules and based on the reporting principles of “Materiality”, “Quantitative”,
  “Balance” and “Consistency”. This report has complied with the mandatory disclosure requirements and the “comply or
  explain” provisions of the Code.

  The Group makes every effort to ensure consistency between the Chinese and English versions of this report. However, in
  case of any inconsistency, the English version shall prevail.

  This report has been reviewed and approved by the Board.



88   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report




STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

As a responsible enterprise, the Group believes that all stakeholders play their respective roles in driving the development
and success of an enterprise, and that good ESG management is important for achieving sustainable development of
an enterprise. To foster collaborative relationships with key stakeholders, including government and regulatory bodies,
shareholders and investors, employees, industry associations, customers, suppliers and the community, the Group actively
communicated with stakeholders during the Reporting Period through various channels to exchange views and ideas, and
to discuss and review ESG objectives with stakeholders, with the aim of building key business strategies for the Group to
drive future growth and address future challenges.

The stakeholder engagement activities conducted by the Group during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                     Communication and responses of
 Stakeholders                     Expectations on the Group                          the Group

 Government and regulatory        •   Compliance with various laws and regulations   • Comply with the laws and regulations in the place
   authorities                    •   Promote employment                               of operation and implement relevant policies
                                  •   Pay taxes according to law                     • Accept supervision and inspection
                                  •   Clean production                               • Strengthen compliance management and
                                                                                       operation for enterprises
                                                                                     • Timely reporting and disclosure of information

 Investors and shareholders       •   Financial performance                          • Convene regular general meetings and Board
                                  •   Development strategies                           meetings
                                  •   Exploration of new business                    • Investor research and communication
                                  •   Sustainable corporate development              • Make timely disclosure of statutory matters and
                                  •   Technology and innovation                        business updates
                                                                                     • Deepen product and technology innovation and
                                                                                       continuously expand new business

 Customers                        • Provide products and services that meet the needs •   Improve the quality of products and services
                                    and create greater value for customers            •   Improve customer satisfaction
                                  • Intellectual property protection                  •   Protect customer data and information
                                  • Information safety security                       •   Actively cooperate with customer to perform
                                  • Bear corporate social responsibility                  enterprise social responsibility audit

 Employees                        •   Protection of rights and interests             • Protect the rights and interests of employees and
                                  •   Remunerations and benefits                       enhance employee benefits
                                  •   Safety and health                              • Improve the working environment of employees
                                  •   Career development                             • Enhance employee health and safety related
                                  •   Corporate culture                                training and facility investment
                                                                                     • Provide employees with better training related to
                                                                                       career development
                                                                                     • Actively communicate with employees




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       89
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                                                                                             Communication and responses of
     Stakeholders                         Expectations on the Group                          the Group

     Suppliers and business               • Comply with business ethics and national laws and •   Improve the communication platform for suppliers
       partners                             regulations                                       •   Optimize the supplier selection mechanism
                                          • Openness and fairness                             •   Establish an open and transparent tendering
                                          • Commitment                                            mechanism
                                          • Work with suppliers to promote sustainable        •   Provide equal opportunity for suppliers to
                                            development of the supply chain and achieve           compete
                                            win-win cooperation                               •   Improve supplier evaluation

     Industry associations                • Facilitate industry development                  • Promote sustainable industry development
                                                                                             • Promote fair competition in the industry

     Community                            • Actively participate in community construction   •    Commences employee volunteer activities
                                          • Actively devote to public welfare undertakings   •    Contributions to support education
                                                                                             •    Provides more employment opportunities
                                                                                             •    Charity donations




90     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Through stakeholder engagement activities and management reviews, the Group has identified the following 20 ESG
materiality issues in terms of relevance and materiality, and established priorities for resource allocation to address these
issues. The assessment helps to ensure that the Group’s business objectives and development direction are in line with the
expectations and requirements of the stakeholders.

                                                                        2024 ESG Materiality Issues Matrix of the Group
                                                      Medium Materiality Issues                                                            High Materiality Issues
                                 4.87

                                                                                                                                   Compliance
                                                                                                                                    operation
                                 4.77
                                                                                                                                                   Occupational health       Research, development,
                                                                                                                                                       and safety                 innovation and
                                                                                                  Establishment of                                                             intellectual property
                                 4.67                                                             an integrity culture
                                                                                                                                                      Product safety
                                                                                                                                                       and quality Privacy protection and
                                                                                                                                                                     information safety
                                 4.57                                                                        Environment
                                                                                                             management                                                              Customer service
                                                                                     Employee rights                                                                                 and satisfaction




    Importance to Stakeholders
                                                                                      and benefits                             Talent recruitment and retain
                                 4.47

                                                                                             Sustainable supply chain
                                                                                                                                                          Green and low-carbon products
                                 4.37
                                                                                                                         Emissions                 GHG and energy
                                                                                                                         management                management

                                 4.27                                                                                    Employee training and
                                                                                                                         development opportunity        Corporate governance

                                                                                         Use of resources                         Climate risks and opportunities
                                 4.17
                                                                                                                                                   Cross industry cooperation
                                                                  Social activity participation                                                    and development
                                                                  and contribution
                                 4.07



                                 3.97



                                 3.87

                                           General Materiality Issues
                                 3.77
                                    4.27                 4.37                     4.47                           4.57                        4.67                          4.77                         4.87
                                                                                                  Importance to the Group

                                                                                                                                      Environmental issues          Social issues     Governance issues



STAKEHOLDERS’ FEEDBACK

The Group welcomes your comments and feedback on its ESG performance and approach. Your input is particularly
valuable to the Group’s continued excellence and sustainability and you are invited to send your questions, comments and
suggestions to contact@morimatsu-online.com.




                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         91
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

  The Group considers environmental protection to be an important corporate social responsibility. The Group pays close
  attention to the promulgation and updating of environmental protection-related laws and regulations in the places
  where it operates and strictly complies with the requirements of such laws and regulations. The Group has established an
  environmental management system that complies with the requirements of ISO 14001:2015 standard, formulated and
  implemented a number of measures to control pollution and protect the environment, publicized and promoted resource
  conservation and energy consumption reduction through various channels, and raised the awareness of environmental
  protection among all people involved in order to protect the ecological environment and promote sustainable development,
  so as to contribute to the creation of a better home for mankind.

  Emission

  The Group has comprehensively identified and assessed the factors that may be involved in environmental impact. The
  Group has identified various factors that may have an impact on the environment in its production activities (including
  the production processes like welding, polishing, grinding, cutting, pickling and flaw detection in the workshops) and
  daily office activities of its employees (including the use of computers, air conditioners and copiers), and conducted risk
  assessment in five aspects, namely compliance with regulations, frequency of occurrence, scope of impact, degree of
  impact and social concern, and updated the assessment results annually. The Group strictly complies with the relevant laws
  and regulations in the places where it operates, and has formulated management policies and regulations for different
  environmental impact factors, such as air pollution prevention and control, water pollution control, waste management
  and noise pollution prevention and control, and has clearly defined the control measures to be taken by each department
  to protect the ecological environment of the Group and the surrounding areas. The Group aims to make continuous efforts
  to reduce the generation of relevant emissions on the premise of ensuring that all emissions comply with relevant laws,
  regulations and emission standards of the places of operation.

  Waste water

  In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, the Group has formulated Water Pollution Control Management
  Regulations (《水污染控制管理規定》) and applied for Pollution Discharge Permit (《排污許可證》). As for domestic
  sewage, the Group recycles the effluent generated from the pure water preparation process for toilet flushing. After
  centralized collection, it is discharged into the municipal sewage network along with other domestic wastewater, ensuring
  no adverse impact on the surrounding aquatic environment. For the wastewater generated in the process of acid washing
  in workshops, the Group discharges it into the acidic wastewater collection pool and discharges it after the water treatment
  of neutralization to meet the standard. In order to further enhance the treatment effect of the wastewater generated from
  the acid washing process in workshops, the Group upgraded the acid mist extraction device in the water pressure tank in
  2020 and purchased acidic wastewater treatment equipment in 2021, and formulated contingency plans for the failure of
  environmental protection facilities. The Group has established an emergency water pond at the Changshu manufacturing
  base. In the event of water quality failing to meet the standards, all production wastewater within the manufacturing
  base will be directed to this emergency pond to prevent leakage. The maximum storage capacity of this emergency pond
  is approximately 1,560 tonnes. Wastewater treatment facilities have also been set up so that 80% of the production
  wastewater, through pre-treatment and in-depth treatment, can be formed into recycled water that can be reused in the
  simple surface cleaning process in the workshop. At the Nantong manufacturing base, the Group has commenced the
  upgrading and renovation of its wastewater treatment facilities by adding an evaporation reuse system to the original “pre-
  treatment of wastewater and discharge to a wastewater treatment plant”, which will result in zero wastewater discharge
  at the plant upon completion of the renovation. Moreover, the Group organizes annual testing by third party units with
  testing qualifications to ensure compliance with emission standards.

  During the Reporting Period, the Group discharged approximately 955,746.86 cubic meters of wastewater and did not
  experience any cases of non-compliance with the effluent discharge standards.




92   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Waste gas

In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, the Group has formulated the Management Regulations on
Prevention and Control of Air Pollution (《大氣污染防治管理規定》) to prevent and control air pollution. The Group’s
emission sources related to production activities are mainly natural gas combustion in heat treatment furnaces, exothermic
welding and pulsed welding. The Group strives to explore and promote the use of clean production processes with high
energy efficiency and low pollutant emissions to reduce the generation of atmospheric pollutants. The Group has installed
waste gas treatment facilities to uniformly collect and treat all generated waste, ensuring emissions meet required standards
before discharge. For the specific cases of exothermic welding and pulsed welding emissions, the Group employs an
enclosed collection system within workshops, utilizing negative pressure ventilation. These emissions are then processed
through an activated carbon adsorption unit before being discharged into the atmosphere through exhaust stacks.
Furthermore, the Group annually organizes qualified third-party entities to conduct inspections of stationary emission
sources within our facilities, guaranteeing compliance with emission standards.

The Group’s office and non-manufacture related emission mainly include cooking activities in canteen, boiler room
operation and official vehicle travel. The Group has adopted measures to reduce emissions by using clean energy, installing
emission reduction facilities and optimizing travel routes as far as possible. In addition, the Group promotes the use of new
energy vehicles among employees and customers by installing charging stations and fast-charging devices.

Through the implementation of the above measures, during the Reporting Period, the Group’s waste gas emission met
the goal set by the Group, and there was no non-compliance of waste gas emissions. Among them, the actual emission
of particulate matter was approximately 1.6221 tonnes, the actual emission of nitrogen oxides was approximately 2.3564
tonnes, the actual emission of sulphur dioxide was approximately 0.2607 tonnes, the actual emission of benzene was
approximately 0.0240 tonnes, the actual emission of toluene was approximately 0.2500 tonnes and the actual emission of
xylene was approximately 0.3800 tonnes.

Dust

Metal dust will be generated during the process of polishing, grinding, cutting, heat treatment and other production
operations by employees in the workshop. In view of this, the Group has installed dust collection devices in the relevant
construction areas and ventilation and air exchange devices at our production premises in an effort to reduce dust pollution
and safeguard employees’ health.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any cases of non-compliance with dust emission standards.

Noise

In the process of workshop processing, the operation of cutting machines and welding machines will generate noise, and
working under the noise for a long period of time will adversely affect the health of employees. For this purpose, the Group
has formulated the Management Regulations on Prevention of Noise Pollution (《噪音污染防治管理規定》) in accordance
with relevant laws and regulations, and installed noise reduction equipment such as soundproof cotton and soundproof
panels on noise sources. Regular maintenance are carried out on these equipment to reduce the impact of noise on
employees. At the same time, the Group has also provided labour protection products such as noise reduction earplugs,
while employees are required and supervised to wear them properly. The Group organizes qualified third-party units to
conduct inspections every year to ensure that the noise level of the plant meets the standards.

During the Reporting Period, there were no instances where the Group’s noise level was not up to standard.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   93
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  Waste

 The Group complies with the relevant laws and regulations on waste management, has formulated the Regulations
 on Environmental Hygiene and Waste Management (《環境衛生和廢棄物管理規定》) and Regulations on Waste
 Management (《廢棄物管理規定》), and manages waste based on these regulations to ensure full coverage of control
 measures throughout the entire process from the source of production to the end disposal of waste.

 The Group implements classified waste management, including hazardous waste and non-hazardous waste.

 Hazardous waste mainly includes waste mineral oil, waste wipes and packaging, waste fixing solution and waste developing
 solution, etc. The main control measures adopted by the Group on hazardous waste are as follows:

 o       Hazardous waste is collected by the designated responsible department, stored in special containers and placed in
         the dangerous goods storage areas. The waste storage facility is equipped with anti-permeation epoxy flooring and
         features diversion channels and collection tanks to prevent leaks from spreading.

 o       Containers and sites for storing hazardous waste are equipped with corresponding labels and warning signs to
         achieve proper storage of various types of hazardous waste.

 o       Designate personnel to contact qualified units to dispose of hazardous waste; the disposal department and the
         receiving department fill out the Hazardous Waste Disposal Registration Form (《危險廢棄物處置登記表》)
         according to the actual disposal situation, and implement stringent registration management for the disposal of
         hazardous waste.

 Non-hazardous waste mainly includes waste metal residues, domestic waste, kitchen waste and construction waste, etc.
 The main control measures adopted by the Group for non-hazardous waste are as follows:

 o       For metal scrap, the Group sets up metal scrap hoppers in the production area to sort and collect metal scrap of
         different materials or models before sending them to designated storage areas for disposal.

 o       For domestic garbage, the Group has set up various types of garbage bins in the office area, production area and
         living area for collecting dry, wet, recyclable and non-recyclable garbage, which will be cleaned and collected by the
         cleaning staff to the garbage room for disposal by qualified units.

 o       For kitchen waste, the canteen contractor will contact a qualified unit for disposal.

 o       For construction waste, the construction unit is responsible for cleaning and transporting it to the waste storage site.

 During the Reporting Period, the Group had achieved the waste reduction goals. The Group generated and effectively
 disposed of approximately 128.38 tonnes of hazardous waste and approximately 3,959.80 tonnes of non-hazardous
 waste.




94   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Greenhouse gas

The Group’s greenhouse gas emissions mainly come from carbon dioxide generated from the use of purchased electricity,
natural gas used in heat treatment furnaces and canteens, etc., and from the diesel fuel for forklift vehicles and gasoline
for business vehicles. In addition to controlling emissions directly generated from production and office activities, the Group
has taken the following measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and contribute to the development of a low-carbon
economy.

o      Promote the rational use of air conditioning and reduce the use of substances that will damage the ozone layer.
       The Group restricts the maximum temperature of air conditioning in winter and the minimum temperature of air
       conditioning in summer, stipulating that air conditioning can be used only when the minimum outdoor temperature
       is lower than 5°C and the set temperature shall not be higher than 20°C; air conditioning can be used only when
       the maximum outdoor temperature exceeds 30°C and the set temperature shall not be lower than 26°C.

o      Use and promote Internet-based remote office operations such as remote visits, remote inspections and digital
       installation to reduce the consumption of oil and gas resources and greenhouse gas emissions caused by
       unnecessary travel.

o      Optimize the structure of energy use through the application of photovoltaic equipment, and gradually use clean
       energy to replace purchased electricity. During the Reporting Period, the Group completed the construction of
       photovoltaic equipment with an aggregate capacity of more than 18 MW and encouraged employees to prioritize
       new energy vehicles for commuting and business travel.

o      Organize green planting adoption activities for employees to encourage them to plant green plants to improve the
       office environment and help protect the environment at the same time.

o      Refine the control of water, electricity and gas consumption, strengthen the analysis of consumption, and adopt
       various technologies and management methods to save energy and reduce carbon emissions.

o      Encourage employees to actively provide advice and suggestions on the Group’s energy conservation and emission
       reduction efforts, and reward outstanding proposals.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s emitted carbon dioxide has met the emission goal it set. The total carbon dioxide
emitted by the Group was approximately 25,338.85 tonnes, of which carbon dioxide emission indirectly caused by energy
was approximately 19,037.52 tonnes. (Note: The data is calculated based on the calculated energy consumption including
electricity, natural gas, diesel and gasoline, the authoritative guidelines which includes the Guidelines for Accounting
Methods and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions by Enterprises (《企業溫室氣體排放核算方法與報告指南》), and
the electricity carbon emission factors publicly disclosed by the governmental agencies in the regions where the operations
are conducted, but the data is only an estimate as the CO2 emissions from fuel consumption are closely related to factors
such as the composition of the oil and the performance of the engine.)

Use of Resources

The main resources used by the Group include purchased electricity, natural gas used in heat treatment furnaces and
canteens, diesel for forklifts, gasoline for official vehicles, production and domestic water/electricity and product packaging
materials. The Group’s goals for the use of resources are: with the continuous development of the Group’s business,
to continuously improve the utilization efficiency of relevant resources, save resources as much as possible, and control
resource usage. The Group has formulated the Management Measures for Energy Conservation (《節能管理辦法》) and
has taken measures to reduce resource consumption in various aspects, thereby achieving the energy efficiency goals set by
the Group.



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   95
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  Electricity resources

  The Group pays attention to the management of electricity consumption in daily operation and has taken consumption
  reduction measures as follows:

  o       Post energy-saving tips next to the switches of commonly used high-powered equipment to educate employees to
          reduce unnecessary electricity consumption in production and office processes, in order to reduce the environmental
          impact of operational activities.

  o       Require employees to power off computers and other peripheral equipment when they are away from the office for
          more than one hour.

  o       Require the windows and doors to be closed when opening the air conditioning in winter and summer, and set the
          air conditioning temperature reasonably.

  o       For the use of electricity in production and office processes, the Group procures energy-saving equipment as far
          as possible and reduces electricity consumption by rationalizing production schedules and process modifications.
          For example, the workshop lighting system was upgraded to ensure that the demand for lighting was met while
          realizing a significant reduction in electricity consumption for lighting, and the lighting equipment in the production
          park was upgraded to solar-powered exterior lights.

  o       The Group is actively constructing photovoltaic energy systems and installing photovoltaic power generation panels.
          Among them, the Nantong manufacturing base has completed the installation of 10 MW of installed capacity,
          and the Changshu manufacturing base is in the process of installing 8.22 MW of distributed photovoltaic power
          generation panels.

  Water Resources

  The Group does not face any issues in the shortage of water supply in its operations, nor does it have any difficulty in finding
  suitable water sources for its business operations. However, water conservation is becoming an increasingly important
  issue for the whole society. Therefore, the Group has actively taken the following consumption reduction measures and
  accomplished the goals for the efficiency of water use.

  o       The Group has renovated the drinking water facilities for workshops since 2022, changing the water supply through
          the drinking fountain to direct water supply from the water room through the pipeline, eliminating the need to
          specifically clean and seal the water drums used in the loop. The Group has set up more than 60 drinking points,
          replacing the water dispensers that were previously in daily use. After the renovation, the Group eliminated the daily
          need to clean, package and transport the barrels of water. As such, pure water for bucket cleaning will be saved
          every year.

  o       The Group has integrated the concept of energy saving into the product design and, since 2022, optimised the
          design of the spray ball for cleaning in the container equipment, which has obvious water saving effect compared
          with the common spray ball. It is estimated that the reduction in water flow could save about 200 kilowatt hours of
          electricity of each equipment per year.

  o       The Group has established a rainwater recycle system, which recycles the rainwater for site cleaning and green
          irrigation.




96    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Paper resources

As for the paper consumption in the office process, on the one hand, the Group controls the total amount of paper
consumption by recording the paper consumption of each department on a monthly basis to reduce waste. On the other
hand, the Group advocates paperless office and delivery of materials in electronic form. During the Reporting Period, the
Group newly added 210 office automation (OA) approval process forms, reducing the printing of non-essential paper
documents.

Packaging materials

The Group’s products are mainly customized for customers, and the packaging materials used vary, mainly including
wooden boxes, rain-proof cloth, iron pallets and wooden pallets. Nevertheless, the Group will reuse eligible and recyclable
packaging materials in the course of business development. For example, in the course of module delivery, the Group
optimized the sealing solution for its flange connections by replacing wooden blind plates with reusable customized
plastic protective caps, which could save an average of approximately 81% of the cost of sealing materials. For packaging
materials such as wood and wooden boxes, the Group arranges specialists to identify and reuse those that can be recycled
in order to minimize the waste of resources.

Oil and gas resources

The Group’s daily operations involving the use of oil and gas resources mainly include the use of diesel fuel for forklift
trucks, gasoline and diesel fuel for corporate vehicles and commuter shuttles, the burning of natural gas for heat treatment
furnaces, the burning of natural gas for cooking in canteens and the burning of natural gas for boiler room operations.
In order to save resources, the Group promotes the use of Internet-based remote work mode in its business activities,
such as remote visits and remote inspections, to reduce unnecessary travel; and newly installs charging piles, purchases
electric forklifts, and introduces industrial steam into the plants. In order to enhance energy efficiency and reduce energy
wastage and pollutant emissions, the Group has set up an energy efficiency monitoring system in its factories to monitor
energy consumption in each production process in real time, and has vigorously promoted clean production processes,
optimized production processes, upgraded outdated production equipment and introduced new high-efficiency production
equipment. Through the aforesaid measures, the Group has been able to effectively achieve its energy efficiency goals.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s source consumed data is as follows:

 Category                 Name                                                 Consumption        Unit                Intensity   Intensity Unit


 Water, electricity and   Water                                                   1,061,940.95    tonnes                 152.83   tons/RMB million revenue
   gas                    Electricity               37,226.22 (including approximately 4,939.50   thousand kilowatt        5.36   thousand kWh/RMB million revenue
                                                           thousand Kwh of photovoltaic power        hours (Kwh)
                                                                                    generation)
                          Natural gas                                             2,622,661.00    m3                     377.45   m3/RMB million revenue
 Paper                    Printing paper                                                 39.56    tonnes                   0.01   tonnes/RMB million revenue
 Packaging materials      Rain-proof cloth/bag                                     524,388.97     sq.m.                   75.47   sq.m./RMB million revenue
                          Wooden board/wooden box                                   25,116.36     sq.m.                    3.61   sq.m./RMB million revenue
                          Wooden cubes/wooden                                        1,685.03     m3                       0.24   m3/RMB million revenue
                              brackets
                          Iron saddle/frame                                           1,581.49    tonnes                   0.23   tonnes/RMB million revenue
                          Tray                                                       12,771.63    sq.m.                    1.84   sq.m./RMB million revenue
                          Drying agent                                               19,117.24    kg                       2.75   kg/RMB million revenue
                          Packing Tape/                                               8,955.16    m                        1.29   m/RMB million revenue
                              Plywood Tape
 Fuel consumption         Petrol                                                    85,082.56     litre                   12.24   litre/km
                          Diesel                                                   175,487.35     litre                   25.26   litre/RMB million revenue



                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024           97
  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




  Environmental and natural resources

  The Group is not in a highly polluting industry. Its production technology and processes do not involve significant pollution
  emissions and its business does not involve direct access to natural resources. However, the Group still attaches great
  importance to environmental protection and resource conservation, and focus on environmental protection-related
  investments. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s environmental protection expenses were mainly related to three
  aspects: (1) environmental protection tax and emission fees of approximately RMB325,400; (2) environmental protection
  equipment and construction in progress of approximately RMB892,000; and (3) environmental protection-related external
  service fees of approximately RMB641,500.

  Climate Change

  The World Economic Forum’s Global Risks Report 2022 (17th edition) (《2022年全球風險報告》(第17版)) highlights that
  environmental risks are seen as the world’s five most serious long-term threats and are also most likely to have devastating
  impacts on humans and the planet, among which “failure of climate action” and “extreme weather events” ranked the
  top two. The Group is aware that different climate change development trends will have different impacts on the Group’s
  operations and has established a governance structure of “Board of Directors — ESG Management Team — ESG Working
  Group.” The Board is responsible for formulating climate governance strategies of the Group, assessing and determining
  relevant risks, and ensuring that suitable and effective risk management objectives and internal control systems are in
  place. The ESG management team is responsible for the execution and implementation of the Group’s climate governance
  strategy, and reporting to the Board on a regular basis to receive guidance and suggestions. The ESG working group
  is responsible for the execution and implementation of the Group’s climate governance measures within its respective
  business segments and reporting to the ESG management team on a regular basis.

  Climate-related risks include transition risks related to a low-carbon economy and physical risks related to the impact of
  climate changes. Taking into account the relevant risks identified by the TCFD (Task Force on Climate-related Financial
  Disclosures), the Group has identified the following climate-related risks and opportunities associated with its operations.




98   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Types                                 Risks/Opportunities Description                             Response Measures


Physical Risks   Flood                • Climate change will increase the frequency and              • During the process of project construction, the Group
                                        severity of extreme weather, such as flood, typhoon,          comprehensively considers the impact of climate risks
                 Typhoon                drought, etc.                                                 and strives to avoid potential impact on the production
                                                                                                      progress at the site selection phase. The Group will
                 Drought              •   Extreme weather will likely damage factory production       modify or even relocate its operation sites based on
                                          facilities, resulting in economic losses and disruptions    the risk exposure during the operation process.
                 Extreme heat,            in production.
                   extreme cold and                                                                 • The Group monitors climate warnings at all times
                   rising average     •   The normal operation of the supply chain may be             and activates different levels of countermeasures in
                   temperatures           disrupted, and the transportation and warehousing of        accordance with its Special Emergency Scheme for
                                          raw materials/finished products may be suspended for        Typhoon and Flood Prevention (防颱防汛專項應
                                          extended periods due to extreme weather.                    急預案) based on different levels of early-warning
                                                                                                      signal issued by the meteorological departments, and
                                      •   The lives and health of employees may be threatened,        reports and adjusts the production schedule in a timely
                                          and production efficiency and product delivery services     manner.
                                          cannot be guaranteed.
                                                                                                    • The Group establishes an emergency response team
                                      •   In the long run, climate change will bring chronic          and compiles a Contingency Plan for Emergency
                                          climate risks, such as rising sea levels, which will lead   Environmental Incident (《突發環境事件應急預案》),
                                          to land inundation, transportation disruptions, and         carries out safety modifications to the operation sites
                                          water shortages due to salinization of water sources,       and procures emergency equipment and supplies
                                          which may have an impact on the normal production           to minimize safety risks, economic losses risks and
                                          and operation of the Group.                                 disruptions in operations.

                                                                                                  • The Group conducts regular staff training on extreme
                                                                                                    weather emergency response to fully publicize the
                                                                                                    Group’s risk management policies and emergency
                                                                                                    response methods, and maintains insurance coverage
                                                                                                    for all operation sites to enhance protection in various
                                                                                                    ways.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024              99
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




       Types                                        Risks/Opportunities Description                           Response Measures


       Transition Risks/   Policy change risks      With the gradual introduction of market-led carbon tariffs •   The Group has been monitoring the laws, regulations
          Opportunities                             and pricing policies in developed countries around the         and compliance requirements of the places of
                                                    world and the inclusion of certain industries in the carbon    operation in real time, and has strengthened
                                                    trading market in the PRC, the Group will face the risk of     communication with customers, governments
                                                    higher operating and financial costs if its business sectors   and other stakeholders, and initiated compliance
                                                    are included in the scope of the policies.                     risk prevention measures in advance to minimize
                                                                                                                   compliance-related risks.
                           Market demand risks Against the backdrop of China’s goals of peaking carbon
                             and opportunities emissions by 2030 and achieving carbon neutrality by       •        The Group has launched carbon inventories and
                                               2060 (“30•60” Dual Carbon Target) (「30·60」雙碳                        product carbon footprint certifications for some
                                               目標) and global green development, more and more                     operational sites, and at the same time carried out
                                               consumers are paying attention to green products, green-            various carbon reduction measures such as energy-
                                               labeled low-carbon products and services, and such                  saving and technological reforms to reduce carbon
                                               demand will gradually spread to different levels of the             emissions.
                                               supply chain.
                                                                                                          •        The Group has initiated a number of photovoltaic
                           Technological       The demand for green development is both a challenge                equipment construction projects, which will greatly
                             transformation    and an opportunity. The Group needs to analyze the                  increase the application of clean energy and ensure
                             risks and         needs of its customers and carry out transformation                 that the demand for green products from downstream
                             opportunities     initiatives such as green technological reforms, green              customers can be fully met.
                                               factory certifications and the use of clean energy, and at
                                               the same time, actively research and develop products      •        The Group has actively participated in the green and
                                               and services that better meet market needs to satisfy the           low-carbon environmental protection projects of its
                                               demands of end-users as well as the global trend of green           customers by implementing green and low-carbon
                                               transformation.                                                     environmental protection measures in the production
                                                                                                                   and delivery process of the Group’s products,
                                                                                                                   providing reliable equipment and devices for the green
                                                                                                                   projects of its customers, and accumulating experience
                                                                                                                   in green projects through actual case cooperation.

      The Group actively responds to climate change by reducing energy consumption, meeting pollutant emission standards,
      recycling packaging and other auxiliary materials, from the perspectives of process technology optimization, equipment
      energy efficiency improvement, and green ecological product design, with a view to reducing the impact of its operations
      on the environment, so as to achieve green and low-carbon development. The Company’s subsidiaries are in the process
      of launching the entire lifecycle carbon footprint certification for some of their products. Among them, four typical core
      equipment products, namely vessel, tower, heat exchanger and reactor, covered by the energy and materials business unit
      have already obtained carbon footprint certification, while the life science business unit is actively preparing for carbon
      footprint certification of its products with clear internal management objectives of increasing the carbon footprint analysis
      coverage rate for key products and the proportion of eco-labeled or eco-certified products. The Group also helps business
      partners contribute to the fight against climate change by providing products and services to customers in fields such
      as renewable energy and environmental protection. Such products and services include process packages and modular
      engineering solutions for sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), production facilities with high environmental performance in
      electrolyte and wet metallurgy, continuous production process and modular construction in the field of raw materials for
      power batteries, module for recycling in plastic recycling sector and devices of green hydrogen/green ammonia/green
      methanol, membrane-based water injection machines in pharmaceutical industry, customized spray balls in the field of fast-
      moving consumer goods, etc.




100      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




SOCIAL PERFORMANCE

Employment Policy and Care for Employees

Human resources are considered to be a valuable asset of the Group as employees play an important role in providing
design and development, processing and manufacturing, value-added services and customer liaison.

The Group strictly complies with the relevant employment laws and regulations in the places where it operates, and has
established regulations and systems such as the Employee Handbook (《員工手冊》), the Recruitment Management
System (《招聘管理制度》) and the Holiday Management System (《節假日管理辦法》). To promote a quality and diverse
team, the Group provides equal opportunities to its employees in recruitment, training and development, job promotion
and remuneration and benefits. The Group not only recruits in the society, but also in various institutions of higher
education and professional schools. The Group will consider a number of factors when recruiting employees, including
but not limited to their experience in related industries, major, education background and the Group’s business needs, but
the Group’s recruitment will not be affected by age, gender, marital and family status, race, skin color, region, nationality,
religious belief and political affiliation. The Group provides employees with rich job opportunities according to the positions
of different nature, including domestic and overseas job opportunities. The Group has also set up open promotion
channels for different business lines and positions to assist employees in their personal career planning and development,
and strive to achieve a win-win situation for the Company and the employees. When an employee resigns, the Group
will organize work handover in accordance with the regulations, and each process will be reviewed and signed by the
corresponding person in charge; the Group will also get to understand the reasons for the employee’s resignation through
the relevant person in charge, listen to the opinions of the employees, and continuously improve the level of operation and
management.

The Group has formulated a sound performance appraisal system and policies on remuneration and benefits of the
employees, and implemented a performance appraisal method that integrates the “Balanced Score Card (BSC)” and “Key
Performance Indicator (KPI)” to conduct monthly, semi-annual and annual work performance assessments on employees
under the principles of fairness and justice and in accordance with the prescribed operating procedures, so as to make
comprehensive assessments the employees’ work performance, business capabilities, etc., and take the assessment results
as an important basis for renewal of employment/dismissal, bonus distribution, salary adjustment, job promotion, and
selection and evaluation of employees. The Group pays labour remunerations to employees on time and in full every month,
and pays various insurances according to law, and provides employees with various allowances (job allowance, qualification
allowance, high temperature allowance, etc.), subsidies (rental subsidies, night shift subsidies, etc.), gift money, consolation
money, assessment bonuses and year-end bonuses and other remuneration and benefits; for employees who meet specific
conditions, the Group will provide them with supplementary pensions and commercial insurance for accidents, critical
illnesses, and health; for employees who have served the Group for a long time and made outstanding contributions,
the Group will provide additional rewards in kind or in cash. The Group strictly complies with the applicable laws and
regulations regarding working hours in the locations where we operate. It also attaches great importance to the reasonable
arrangement of workload and working hours, guarantees employees’ rights to rest and vacation, strictly controls the
approval of overtime applications, and prevents overtime hours exceeding the legal standards; in addition to public holidays
and rest days, the Group provides employees with annual leave, marriage leave, maternity leave, sick leave, personal leave,
condolence leave and family leave. As at 31 December 2024, the total number of employees of the Group was 4,565 and
the composition of employees is summarized in the table below.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   101
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Employment of active employees by age and gender:

                                                                                                                                              Total
                                    30 and                                                                                               number of
       Classification               below                31–40             41–50            Over 51          Male          Female        employees


       Age                             1,319              1,919              938                389             ╱                 ╱                4,565
       Gender                             ╱                  ╱                ╱                  ╱           3,705               860               4,565

      Employment of active employees by region:

                                                                                                                                                       Total
                                                                                                      Hong                                         number of
       Classification   Shanghai   Jiangsu     Wuhan Shandong     Sweden   India    Japan      USA    Kong    Italy   Mexico Singapore   Malaysia employees


       Region              2,035     1,835         206     26         15     90        47       11       1       5       17         10       267       4,565

      Employment of active employees by employment type:

                                                                                                                                   Total number
       Classification                                                               Permanent                  Contract            of employees


       Employment type                                                                        4,347                   218                          4,565

  During the Reporting Period, the Group has been upholding a people-oriented management philosophy and has launched
  various caring activities such as staff medical check-ups, staff birthday parties every month, housekeeping services, caring
  vehicles, etc. Donations have been raised for employees in difficulties or suffering from illnesses. With the above, the Group
  demonstrated love and care to its employees from their work to their lives in hopes of increasing the satisfaction and sense
  of belonging of its employees. In order to help families with both parents working with the Group solve the problem of
  unattended children during summer vacation, the Group has held 7 consecutive sessions of summer care classes, which
  was one of the first batch of “Employee Parent-Child Studios (職工親子工作室)” listed by the Shanghai Federation of Trade
  Unions (上海市總工會), and won the title of “Loving Summer Care School of National Trade Union (全國工會愛心暑託班)”.
  In order to consolidate and promote the construction of a gender equality mechanism, solve female employees’ worries
  about the work after childbirth, and provide pregnant and breastfeeding female employees with a more comfortable place
  to rest, the Group has established a “mother and baby room”, which has served more than 40 working mothers and
  has been awarded the honorary titles of “Four-Star Loving Mommy House (四星級愛心媽咪小屋)” and “Top 10 Loving
  Mommy House in Pudong New District (浦東新區十佳愛心媽咪小屋)” by the Female Workers Committee of the Shanghai
  Federation of Trade Unions successively. Based on the principle of two-way choice and respect for the individual career
  development of employees, the Group has actively retained and cared the employees. Nevertheless, 660 employees left the
  Group during the Reporting Period (the “Former Employees”), and the relevant information of the Former Employees
  is as follows:

  Former Employees by age and gender:

                                                                                                                                              Total
                                    30 and                                                                                               number of
       Classification               below                31–40             41–50            Over 51          Male          Female        employees


       Age                                   330            227                60                43            ╱                  ╱                  660
       Gender                                 ╱              ╱                 ╱                 ╱            574                 86                 660



102       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Former Employees by region:

                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                                                                 number of
 Classification        Shanghai         Jiangsu      Shandong             India         Japan       Malaysia     employees


 Region                      245             341             21              26               2             25            660

Occupational health and safety policies

The Group is concerned about the well-being of its employees and is committed to providing a safe, healthy and secure
working environment for them. The Group complies with the relevant occupational health and safety regulations in the
regions in which it operates, has formulated a series of management systems including the Management Regulations
on Occupational Health and Safety (《職業健康安全管理規定》), the Management System for Occupational Health
Monitoring and Filing (《職業健康監護及檔案管理制度》), the Management Regulations on Labour Protection Articles
(《勞動防護用品管理規定》), the Management System for Safety Production (《安全生產管理制度》), the Procedures
for Equipment Operation Safety (《設備安全操作規程》) and the Management System for Shift Handover Safety
(《交接班安全管理制度》), and has established an occupational health and safety management system that meets the
requirements of the ISO 45001:2018 standard, and introduced “5S” (i.e. Seiri (sorting), Seiton (rectification), Seisou
(clearing), Seiketu (cleaning) and Shitsuke (quality)) management activities to standardize work processes, ensure work
safety, and maintain a harmonious management atmosphere. The Group has established a safety management committee
and an HSE department, which are specifically responsible for managing issues related to environmental protection
and safety production. The Group identifies and summarizes risk factors from the aspects of operation area, operation
content, accident type and possible hazards, and evaluates the risk levels based on the possibility, frequency, consequence
and degree of danger of these risk factors. According to different risk levels, the Group strictly implements relevant
management systems to ensure the occupational health and safety of employees during safe operation. At the same time,
in order to prevent the occurrence of danger, the Group has also clarified the control measures that each responsible
department needs to take, and formulated emergency plans for prevention and control.

The Group regularly and irregularly conducts safety education and training and emergency drills, including safety education
for those who return to work and are assigned to different positions, safety education for special types of work, daily
safety education, training on emergency response to extreme weather and confined space emergency rescue drills.
The Group requires that employees who have not received safety education, on-the-job training, or failed to pass the
training and assessment shall not be allowed to work, so as to further ensure the safety of employees in the production
process. The Group organizes employees to carry out health checkups every year, and establishes employee health files.
The Group organizes occupational disease checkups for employees of special types of work and strictly implements the
Responsibility System for Prevention and Control of Occupational Disease Hazards (《職業病危害防治責任制》), Warning
and Notification System (《警示與告知制度》), Occupational Disease Hazards Disposal and Reporting System (《職業病
危害事故處置與報告制度》) and other management systems. For outsiders, the Group requires that they must receive
safety training and risk prevention introduction before entering the workshop. The Group also arranges construction safety
training, on-site physical examination, and purchase of insurance for the personnel who stay with suppliers. In addition to
internal training, the Group hires external lecturers to introduce the latest HSE-related policies and requirements every year,
and puts forward issues that need special attention or can be improved based on the actual situation in the work, thereby
effectively improving the safety awareness of employees and the level of corporate safety management.

During the Reporting Period, the Group had 13 work-related accidents, resulting in a total of 620 lost working days. In the
past three years (including the Reporting Period), the Group recorded 1 work-related fatality, which was caused by gravity
dumping during the handling of the liquid storage module.



                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     103
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      To further improve the occupational safety environment and prevent the recurrence of similar accidents, the Group
      continuously improves and strengthens internal control measures, including (i) neatly arranging equipment and materials
      in the workplace and keeping the workplace clean and tidy; (ii) adopting more appropriate workflow and operation
      regulations, requiring employees to identify risks and hazards during on-site operations, strictly enforcing operation
      procedures and eliminating illegal operations; (iii) enhancing training on occupational health and safety for employees; and
      (iv) strengthening inspections by section supervisors and team leaders to eliminate potential hazards in a timely manner.

      Human Capital Development and Training Policy

      As a valuable asset of the enterprise, employees are vital to the growth and success of the enterprise. The Group has
      formulated an effective talent strategy and the Employee Education and Training Management System (《員工教育培訓
      管理制度》) and set up a dedicated department, the Training Center, to coordinate training resources, formulate annual
      training plans, and organize various forms of internal and external training. At the end of each year, the head of each
      department of the Group will formulate the training plan for the following year according to the business development
      needs and organize various training within the department.

      The Group not only provides training to its employees in all aspects of business operations, including work safety, sales
      and marketing, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, technical skills, product quality and management, but
      also provides training related to career development planning to create a learning organization with continuous learning
      and growth for all employees with the goal of mutual development of both employees and the Group. In 2018, the Group
      established an internal training organization, Morimatsu University, which aims to uphold legacy including corporate culture
      and values, transmission of technology, management and business wisdom, cultivate and improve employees’ work skills
      and management talents, and grow the Group’s talent pool. In addition to the Group’s internal senior management and
      technical staff, Morimatsu University also employs professionals in related fields or professors and lecturers from renowned
      universities. The Group organises 1 to 2 sessions of youth cadre training classes and senior management reserve classes
      annually, with each lasting about half a year. We will invite external or internal lecturers to deliver courses on various topics.
      These courses are aimed at developing the participants’ learning capabilities and management skills, enabling them to
      gradually become the management of the Group. In addition, the Group encourages and supports employees to pursue
      further education at universities in China and abroad, providing tuition subsidies if they meet the relevant criteria.

      The employee training data is as follows:

                                                                                      Percentage of                      Average
       Employee category                                                          employees trained                training hours


       Employees engaged in production work                                                         100%                        16.56
       Employees not engaged in production work                                                     100%                        20.35

  The training data by gender is as follows:

                                                                                      Percentage of                      Average
       Gender                                                                     employees trained                training hours


       Male                                                                                         100%                        18.78
       Female                                                                                       100%                        19.52




104      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Labour Standards

The Group abides by the applicable laws and regulations on employment, protection of minors, prohibition of child labour
and prohibition of forced labour in the regions where it operates. The Group has formulated management systems such
as the Recruitment Management Procedures (《招聘管理流程》) and the Employee Handbook (《員工手冊》), and
regularly reviews its recruitment systems, procedures and documentation to avoid child labour and forced labour. During
the Reporting Period, the Group had no incidents of child labour or forced labour.

Supply Chain Management

Pursuant to the Supplier Development Procedures (《供應商開發程序》), Procedures for Handling Quality Issues of
Suppliers (《供應商質量問題處理流程》), Regulations on the Management of Purchasing Inquiry and Comparison (《採
購詢價比價管理規定》), Purchasing and Tendering System (《採購招標制度》) and other management systems, the
Group has established strict selection and admission criteria for suppliers of raw materials and components, including
qualifications, scale and facility standards, technical quality, product quality, price, delivery capability, labour conditions
and employee relations, site management, environmental review and after-sales service, etc. The Supplier Comprehensive
Capability Evaluation Form (《供應商綜合能力評審表》) is prepared and scored according to the scoring criteria. Only
potential suppliers that meet the Group’s selection criteria are admitted into its qualified suppliers list. The Group has
entered into framework agreements with some of its better-qualified suppliers and subcontractors for common parts,
consumables, welding consumables, outsourced processing to establish stable and long-term business relationships.

According to the purpose and frequency of purchasing materials from suppliers as well as the impacts of the purchased
material on the quality of its products, the Group divides suppliers into three categories: suppliers of main materials
(Category A), suppliers of non-important materials (Category B) and suppliers of auxiliary materials and consumables
(Category C). We regularly re-assess existing suppliers based on their supply performance, with a focus on their
performance in environmental protection (including the use of environment friendly products/services), employee
workplace, employee relations, labour protection, etc. The re-assessment of Category A suppliers is led by the Group’s
quality assurance department, while the re-assessment of Category B and C suppliers is led by the Group’s purchasing
department. For suppliers who fail to pass the annual assessment, the Group will give them a chance to rectify the
situation and will organise a re-assessment after the suppliers have completed the rectification. If those suppliers fail to
pass the re-assessment, the Group will remove them from the list of qualified suppliers. For the existing suppliers who have
interrupted supply and demand relationship for 12 months or more, or whose products have been supplied with significant
quality issues or serious defaults, the Group will remove them during the regular assessment, and will conduct on-site
inspections when considering re-admittance.

The Group integrates the concept of sustainable supply chain into supplier management, and conducts ESG inspections
and management of suppliers in the dimensions of environmental management, anti-corruption and integrity, and labour
management. We have formulated the Supplier Code of Conduct (《供應商行為準則》) and require suppliers to comply
with the Group’s Supplier Code of Conduct when cooperating with them. We have also signed integrity cooperation
agreements with suppliers to encourage them to use more environmentally-friendly products and services in the production
and construction processes, strengthen integrity and self-discipline and take into account both environmental and
social responsibilities. For subcontractors, the Group has formulated the Management Regulations on Contractors’ HSE
Review (《承包商HSE評審管理規定》), which requires all subcontractors to sign the Occupational Health, Safety, and
Environmental Protection Agreement (《職業健康、安全、環保協議書》), and conducts regular HSE review on them.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   105
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      As at 31 December 2024, the Group had approximately 1,947 suppliers related to production activities, to whom the
      Group had implemented the aforesaid engagement and review policy. Among them, approximately 1,478 were domestic
      suppliers in China and approximately 469 were overseas suppliers. The domestic suppliers in China include 24 in Northeast
      China, 69 in North China, 1,269 in East China, 51 in South China, 30 in Central China, 21 in Northwest China and 14 in
      Southwest China. Overseas suppliers are mainly located in six countries, namely the USA, Japan, Germany, Switzerland,
      Singapore and the UK.

      Product Responsibility

  The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations applicable to product responsibility, advertising, labeling, and privacy
  protection in the regions where it operates, and the Group’s product quality control system has passed the certification
  of ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System and ISO 3834-2 Quality Requirements for Welding of Metallic Materials.
  For core equipment, the Group has established systems such as the Pressure Vessel Design Management System (《壓力
  容器設計管理制度》), Production Process Control (《生產過程控制》) and Non-destructive Testing Control (《無損檢
  測控制》). For modular factories, the Group has developed systems including the Standard Operational Procedures for
  Modular Process Design (《模塊工藝設計標準作業程序》), Operational Guidance for Pipeline Layout Design (《管道佈置
  設計作業指導書》) and Standard Operational Procedures for Modular Assembly Design (《模塊總裝設計標準作業程序
  》). To ensure effective implementation of product quality management, we have established management systems such
  as the Quality Control Handbook (《質量控制手冊》), the Projects Management Procedures (《項目管理程序》) and the
  Regulations for Point-based Quality Assessment (《質量積分考核規定》). At the same time, the Group has adopted the
  “Plan-Do-Check-Act” cycle as its management philosophy and applies the non-destructive evaluation (NDE) platform and
  the physical and chemical inspection platform to conduct quality inspections. The Group continuously improves product
  quality and product quality control by monitoring and measuring all aspects of the production management process
  through various regular and irregular inspections as well as internal and external quality audits.

  The products sold by the Group are all non-standard products customized by customers. Benefiting from the continuous
  communication with customers during the design, construction and acceptance of projects, the Group had provided
  products to customers with a pass rate of more than 98.5% for the primary filming of welded seams and more than 97%
  for the primary inspection of the products during the Reporting Period. The Group did not have any recalls of sold or
  delivered products for safety and health reasons during the Reporting Period.

  The Group distributes the Customer Satisfaction Survey Forms to customers every year to collect customer feedback. The
  assessment satisfaction is divided into A, i.e. very satisfied, B, i.e. satisfied, C, i.e. average, D, i.e. relatively dissatisfied, E, i.e.
  dissatisfied and give up. During the Reporting Period, the Group issued Customer Satisfaction Survey Forms with a total of
  2,518 evaluation items, of which 63 were rated as “give up”, and the remaining satisfaction results were: approximately
  71.09% were rated as A, i.e. very satisfied; approximately 24.90% were rated as B, i.e. satisfied; approximately 1.47%
  were rated as C, i.e. average; and approximately 0.04% were rated as D, i.e. relatively dissatisfied; and 0% were rated
  as E, i.e. dissatisfied, and the overall customer satisfaction rate was 97.46%. The Group has set up an after-sales service
  department specifically responsible for addressing to inquiries and complaints from customers. During the Reporting Period,
  no material customer complaints were received, representing a response and processing rate of 100% for customer service
  communications. After receiving the inquiries and complaints from customers, the after-sales service department will
  detailedly record, analyze and address related issues, conduct on-site investigation or product testing if necessary, work
  with the relevant departments to formulate effective solutions, such as product replacement, repairment or provision of
  alternatives, etc. Upon confirmation and consent of the customer, the Group will implement the solutions and maintain
  communication with the customer during the process to ensure that the complaints are resolved. With respect to the
  complaints, the Group will, upon completion of the matters, determine the responsibility, identify the specific department
  responsible, formulate preventive and corrective measures, provide training to relevant personnel, and improve product
  design and production processes when necessary to prevent the recurrence of the problem.

  During the Reporting Period, there were no incidents of false advertising and misrepresentation in respect of advertising and
  labelling by the Group.


106      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Protection of Intellectual Property Rights

In order to better serve our customers and enhance the competitiveness of our products, the Group attaches great
importance to the development and maintenance of intellectual property rights. The Group has formulated internal
management systems such as the Administrative Measures for Intellectual Property Rights (《知識產權管理辦法》), the
Intellectual Property Reward Policy (《知識產權獎勵制度》), and established an intellectual property rights management
team, which is composed of dedicated staff and representatives from each research and development project group, to
continuously enhance the Group‘s independent innovation capabilities. During its business operation, the Group respects
the intellectual property rights of other companies or individuals, and also actively develops and protects the Group’s
intellectual property rights through technology exploration and patent applications.

During the Reporting Period, there was no material infringement of intellectual property rights by the Group and the Group
believes that it has taken all reasonable measures to prevent any infringement of its own intellectual property rights and
those of third parties.

Data Protection and Privacy Policies

The Group is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers, employees, partners and suppliers by maintaining
a secure and reliable data retention environment. The Group has formulated a Confidentiality Implementation Policy
(《保密工作實施細則》), pursuant to which the confidentiality working group is responsible for the daily coordination,
supervision and inspection of confidentiality to ensure the highest standards of data security and protection. The Group’s
employees can only access the relevant confidential information within the scope of their duties and have the obligation
and responsibility to keep such information confidential. The Group’s information management department is responsible
for standardizing the Group’s computer user accounts, passwords and hardware and software configurations to prevent
unauthorized access to confidential information by employees.

The Group has passed the ISO/IEC 27001:2013 information security management system certification and certification
review, formulated internal management systems such as the Information Security Policy and Strategy (《信息安全方針
和策略》), the Administrative Measures for Data Security (《數據安全管理辦法》) and the Reporting Requirements for
Information Security (《信息安全報告規定》), established an information security working group under the information
management department and conducted information security training for employees on a regular basis to further
strengthen the security of the Group’s information and data systems. During the Reporting Period, all personal information
and business data collected in the Group’s operating and business activities were properly collated and protected, and no
significant information security and data leakage incidents occurred.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   107
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Anti-corruption policies

  The Group is committed to supporting its corporate values by adhering to the highest standards of business ethics,
  integrity and fairness in the management of all its businesses. The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations
  related to business ethics in the places where it operates, and has formulated management mechanisms such as the
  Code of Business Conduct (《企業行為準則》), the Letter of Commitment of Honest and Self-discipline (《廉潔自律承
  諾書》), Confidentiality Agreement (《保密協議》), Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Management System (《反賄賂及
  反腐敗管理制度》), and Anti-Fraud Management System (《反舞弊管理制度》), requiring all Directors, management
  and employees to abide by ethical rules when engaging in the Group’s business activities and must not engage in any
  act of fraud, extortion, bribery and money laundering, and must not solicit and accept benefits from, or offer benefits to,
  customers, contractors, suppliers or persons with whom the Group has business relationships. To prevent risks related to
  anti-corruption and anti-bribery, the Group has taken the following measures:

      •       The Code of Employees Conduct (《員工行為準則》) clearly sets out the code of conduct related to anti-corruption
              and anti-bribery.

      •       Implement adequate financial controls and strictly comply with segregation of duties and authorization approval
              requirements for payment disbursements.

      •       Strengthen controls in non-financial areas such as procurement, operation, sales, human resources, legal and
              regulatory activities. For example, for sales activities, at least two persons are required to participate in bid evaluation
              and signing of sales contracts; for procurement activities, more than two bidders are required to conduct fair and
              transparent bidding before confirming suppliers and signing procurement contracts; and strict registration and
              approval management shall be implemented for activities like offering gifts and business entertainment.

      •       Require business partners to implement anti-bribery control measures, sign integrity agreements with suppliers, and
              require business partners to make anti-bribery commitments.

      •       Sign integrity agreement with employees, and employees are required to regularly report conflicts of interest such
              as external investment.

      •       Regularly conduct education and training on anti-corruption and anti-bribery to raise the awareness of
              anticorruption and anti-bribery compliance among directors and employees.

      •       Conduct regular integrity review on high-risk projects, activities, business partners, employees in specific positions,
              etc.

      •       Establish reporting hotline, general manager mailbox and audit committee mailbox to encourage employees,
              business partners and other stakeholders to report intended, suspected or actual acts of fraud, extortion, bribery and
              money laundering.

      During the Reporting Period, there were no cases of corruption litigation against the Group or its employees and there were
      no improper business practices in the Group’s business activities.




108       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Community investment

The Group actively participates in community construction and social welfare, and strives to build a harmonious relationship
with the community to achieve the harmonious development of the enterprise and the community. In China, the Group,
East China University of Science and Technology and Zhengzhou University have set up the “Morimatsu Class”, which
not only provides scholarships and corporate internship opportunities for the students of the “Morimatsu Class”, but
also sends experienced engineers to give lectures, and share cutting-edge technologies and industry development trends,
striving to break through the academic and professional barriers of colleges and universities, and cultivate cross-sector
talents who are proficient in interdisciplinary knowledge for the entire industry; the Group cooperates with Shanghai
Jiaotong University, East China University of Science and Technology and other colleges and universities for research and
development, to, on the one hand, provide a practical platform for theoretical research and technical practice in colleges
and universities, and, on the other hand, improve the research and development capabilities and efficiency of the Group,
optimize the design of pressure equipment, improve product quality, and maintain a competitive advantage; the Group
provides student internship positions to Shanghai Jiaotong University, East China University of Science and Technology,
Dalian University of Technology, University of Shanghai for Science and Technology, Nanjing Tech University and Nanchang
University, providing training opportunities for college students to practice theories. During the Reporting Period, the Group
made a series of donations to universities at home and abroad for related industry, colleges and research projects. Among
them, the Group donated RMB0.1 million to Shanghai Jiaotong University, JPY1 million to Osaka Metropolitan University,
JPY0.1 million to Tokai National University (東海國立大學), JPY3.3 million to Saitama University in Japan, JPY34.32 million
to Tohoku University in Japan, JPY0.5 million to Kagoshima University, JPY2 million to Kyoto University, and JPY5 million to
Tokyo University of Agriculture and Technology.

In order to give back to the community, during the Reporting Period, the Group made donations of RMB101,400 and
US$6,000 to the Education Development Foundation of Shanghai Zhongqiao Vocational and Technical University and
United Way (a Houston community organization) respectively. The Group also encourages its staff to participate in social
welfare and charitable activities in their spare time to contribute to the community with their own strengths.

The Group actively participates in industry associations and industry exchange activities. The Company’s some subsidiaries
have participated in the National Association of Health Industry and Enterprise Management (全國衛生產業企業管理協會),
a vice chairman unit of Jiangsu Petrochemical Equipment Industry Association (江蘇省石化裝備行業協會), a vice chairman
unit of the Shanghai Society of Biotechnology (上海市生物工程學會) and a participating member of International Society
for Pharmaceutical Engineering (ISPE). In addition, the Group is a member of the China Petroleum & Chemical Engineering
Survey and Design Association (中國石油和化工勘察設計協會), the China Association of the National Shipbuilding Industry
(中國船舶工業行業協會), the China Chemical Fibers Association (中國化學纖維工業協會), the Shanghai Producer Services
Promotion Association (上海生產性服務業促進協會), the Shanghai Society of Biotechnology (上海市生物工程學會), the
Shanghai Synthetic Biology Industry Association (上海市合成生物產業協會) and the Shanghai Biopharmaceutics Industry
Association (上海市生物醫藥行業協會).




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   109
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX (“KPI”) REFERENCE TABLE

      Reference KPI of the ESG Code                        Corresponding KPIs in the sections of the Report
      A. ENVIRONMENTAL
      A1: Emissions                                        Emissions
                                                              Waste water
                                                              Waste gas
                                                              Dust
                                                              Noise
                                                              Waste
                                                              GHG
      A2: Use of Resources                                 Use of Resources
                                                              Electricity resources
                                                              Water resources
                                                              Paper resources
                                                              Packaging materials
                                                              Oil and gas resources
      A3: Environmental and natural                       Environmental and natural resources
          resources
      A4: Climate Change                                   Climate change
      B. Social
      Employment and Labour Practices
      B1: Employment                                       Employment policy and employee care
      B2: Health and Safety                                Occupational health and safety policies
      B3: Development and Training                         Human capital development and training policy
      B4: Labour Standards                                 Labour Standards
      Operating Practices
      B5: Supply Chain Management                          Supply chain management
      B6: Product Responsibility                           Product responsibility
                                                           Protection of intellectual property rights
                                                           Data protection and privacy policies
      B7: Anti-corruption                                  Anti-corruption policies
      Community
      B8: Community Investment                             Community investment




110     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                            Independent Auditor’s Report


Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited (“the
Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 118 to 217, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   111
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS

      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
      opinion on these matters.

      Revenue recognition

      Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 151 to 153 (Note 1(v)).

      The Key Audit Matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit


      The principal activities of the Group are the production and   Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of revenue
      sales of various pressure equipment.                           on sales of pressure equipment and related service included
                                                                     the following:
      The Group designs and manufactures the pressure
      equipment in accordance with the customer’s specification      •      obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
      which does not have an alternative use to the Group.                  design, implementation and operating effectiveness
                                                                            of key internal controls in relation to revenue
      Revenue is recognised when a performance obligation                   recognition;
      is satisfied i.e. when “control” of the goods or services
      underlying the performance obligation is transferred to the    •      inspecting key customer contracts to identify
      customer.                                                             performance obligations and terms and conditions
                                                                            relating to goods acceptance and the right of return
      For contracts which the Group has a right to be paid                  in order to assess the Group’s revenue recognition
      for work done to date in the event a customer decides                 policies with reference to the requirements of the
      to cancel the contract before the contract was fully                  prevailing accounting standards;
      completed, revenue arising from the contract, and a
      corresponding contract asset are recognised progressively      •      obtaining confirmation from customers directly
      over time. Contract costs are recognised when work is                 of, on a sample basis, total contract amount,
      performed, together with any provisions for expected                  accumulated invoiced amount, accumulated
      contract losses. The recognition of revenue and profit                received payments and accumulated amount of
      relies on management’s estimate of the final outcome of               goods delivered during the financial year;
      each contract, which involves the exercise of significant
      management judgement, particularly in forecasting the          •      for contracts which the Group has a right to be paid
      costs to complete a contract, in valuing contract variations          for work done to date,
      and in estimating the adequacy of provision of onerous
      contracts.                                                            —      inspecting the terms of customer contracts,
                                                                                   on a sample basis, to evaluate whether
                                                                                   criteria for recognising revenue over time is
                                                                                   met;




112      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Revenue recognition (Continued)

Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 151 to 153 (Note 1(v)).

The Key Audit Matter                                            How the matter was addressed in our audit
For the sale of customised pressurised equipment that                —      discussing with management the
the Group does not have the right to be paid for work                       performance of the major contracts in
performed to date, revenue is recognised at a point in time                 progress which revenue was recognised
when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or                   over time during the year and challenging
service. As such, revenue is recognised when the customer                   the key assumptions adopted in the forecast
takes possession of and accepts the products.                               of contract costs, including estimated costs
                                                                            of completion, the recognition of variation
The progress towards complete satisfaction of a                             orders and the adequacy of provision of
performance obligation is mainly measured based on cost-                    onerous contracts, by comparing with
to-cost method, based on the proportion of the actual costs                 contract agreements and sub-contracts,
incurred relative to the estimated total costs.                             confirmations from and correspondence with
                                                                            customers regarding contract variations and
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter                     claims;
because revenue is one of the key performance indicators
of the Group and therefore there may be an incentive for             —      obtaining a detailed breakdown of the
management to advance or delay the timing of revenue                        total estimated costs to completion for
recognition to the incorrect accounting period to meet                      major contracts in progress which revenue
performance expectations or targets. It is also because there               was recognised over time during the
are a variety of contract terms regarding the Group’s sales                 year and comparing, on a sample basis,
of pressure equipment and provision of related service and                  actual costs incurred to-date and cost
the determination whether revenue should be recognised                      estimates to management’s budgets, and
over time or at a point of time involves significant                        assessing whether there is any indication of
judgement, especially for the revenue recognized over time.                 management bias in the total estimated costs
In particular, for contracts which the Group has a right to                 by performing a retrospective review of the
be paid for work done to date the estimation of total costs                 historical accuracy of total estimated costs for
to complete contracts is inherently subjective and requires                 completed contracts;
significant management judgement and estimation.
                                                                     —      on sample basis, re-performing the
                                                                            calculation of the revenue recognised over
                                                                            time for the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                            based on the Group’s revenue recognition
                                                                            policies;




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    113
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 151 to 153 (Note 1(v)).

      The Key Audit Matter                                          How the matter was addressed in our audit
                                                                    •      for contracts which the Group does not have a right
                                                                           to be paid for work done to date,

                                                                           —      comparing, on a sample basis, revenue
                                                                                  transactions recorded during the year with
                                                                                  goods acceptance notes, invoices, sales
                                                                                  contracts and other underlying documents
                                                                                  to assess whether the related revenue was
                                                                                  recognised in accordance with the Group’s
                                                                                  revenue recognition accounting policies; and

                                                                           —      comparing, on a sample basis, specific
                                                                                  revenue transactions recorded before and
                                                                                  after the financial year end date with the
                                                                                  underlying goods delivery and acceptance
                                                                                  notes to assess whether the related revenue
                                                                                  had been recognised in accordance with the
                                                                                  terms of the sales contracts and in the correct
                                                                                  financial period.




114      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report




INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This
report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   115
      Independent Auditor’s Report




      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS (Continued)

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:

      •       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
              or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
              and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
              fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
              misrepresentations or the override of internal control.

      •       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
              appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
              Group’s internal control.

      •       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
              related disclosures made by the directors.

      •       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
              the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
              significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
              exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
              financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
              audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
              Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
              disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
              a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •       Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
              of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial
              statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for the
              purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




116       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Yue Tat Wai.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
27 March 2025




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   117
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                             Note          2024             2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


      Revenue                                                                 3        6,948,354        7,360,262
      Cost of sales                                                                   (4,898,577)      (5,304,558)


      Gross profit                                                                    2,049,777         2,055,704

      Other income                                                            4         117,406            85,462
      Selling and marketing expenses                                                   (164,287)         (175,228)
      General and administrative expenses                                              (565,118)         (543,143)
      Research and development expenses                                                (399,241)         (418,149)
      (Provision for)/reversal of impairment loss on trade receivables and
         contract assets                                                     29(a)     (116,344)             861


      Profit from operations                                                            922,193         1,005,507

      Finance costs                                                          5(a)       (10,448)          (13,291)
      Shares of results of associates                                        14            (491)                4
      Shares of results of joint venture                                     15              —             (7,886)


      Profit before taxation                                                  5         911,254          984,334

      Income tax                                                             6(a)      (181,373)         (141,786)


      Profit for the year                                                               729,881          842,548


      Attributable to:

      Equity shareholders of the Company                                                737,241          844,684
      Non-controlling interests                                               13         (7,360)          (2,136)


      Profit for the year                                                               729,881          842,548


      Earnings per share                                                      9
      Basic (RMB)                                                                           0.62             0.73
      Diluted (RMB)                                                                         0.59             0.67




  The notes on pages 126 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


118     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                    Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                      Note         2024             2023
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


 Profit for the year                                                            729,881               842,548


 Other comprehensive income for the year
 Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of the
    Company                                                                       5,108                25,531

 Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
    subsidiaries outside mainland China                                           6,415                  3,595


 Other comprehensive income for the year                                         11,523                29,126


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                        741,404               871,674


 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                             742,474               873,810
 Non-controlling interests                                            13         (1,070)               (2,136)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                        741,404               871,674




The notes on pages 126 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                           Annual Report 2024    119
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                             Note       2024              2023
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


       Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                          10     2,398,082        2,105,463
       Right-of-use assets                                                    11       243,646          189,565
       Intangible assets                                                      12        53,710           30,612
       Interests in associates                                                14        64,870           65,361
       Interest in joint venture                                              15             7           57,428
       Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
          (“FVPL”)                                                           29(e)     13,313           10,100
       Deferred tax assets                                                   24(b)     22,318           13,991
       Other non-current assets                                               16       33,101           65,577


                                                                                     2,829,047        2,538,097


       Current assets
       Inventories                                                            17       797,243        1,800,466
       Contract assets                                                       18(a)     938,869          866,310
       Trade and other receivables                                            19     1,347,940        1,499,372
       Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
          (“FVPL”)                                                           29(e)     396,598           59,149
       Restricted cash                                                        20         3,188               —
       Cash and bank deposits                                                 20     2,595,448        2,168,682


                                                                                     6,079,286        6,393,979


       Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                               21     1,646,583        1,669,850
       Contract liabilities                                                  18(b)   1,476,247        2,290,334
       Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
          (“FVPL”)                                                           29(e)        557               —
       Interest-bearing borrowings                                            22       87,906          185,524
       Lease liabilities                                                      23       27,233            4,312
       Current taxation                                                      24(a)    108,931           90,089
       Provisions                                                             25       30,386           30,904


                                                                                     3,377,843        4,271,013


       Net current assets                                                            2,701,443        2,122,966


       Total assets less current liabilities                                         5,530,490        4,661,063



      The notes on pages 126 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


120      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                           Consolidated Statement of Financial Position




                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                    Note           2024              2023
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


 Non-current liabilities
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                        22           126,279               179,559
 Lease liabilities                                                  23            54,376                14,938
 Deferred tax liabilities                                          24(b)          28,001                31,593
 Deferred income                                                    26            45,978                44,364


                                                                                 254,634               270,454


 Net assets                                                                     5,275,856            4,390,609


 Capital and reserves                                                28
 Share capital                                                                  1,351,129            1,302,751
 Reserves                                                                       3,697,230            3,079,740


 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                5,048,359            4,382,491

 Non-controlling interests                                           13          227,497                  8,118


 Total equity                                                                   5,275,856            4,390,609


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2025.

                                           )
                                           )
Hirotaka Kawashima                         )
                                           )   Directors
                                           )
Ye Sheng                                   )
                                           )




The notes on pages 126 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    121
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


                                                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                        Non-
                                                                               Share     Treasury      Capital        Other     Exchange Retained           Total controlling       Total
                                                                Note          capital       stock     reserve       reserve       reserve earnings*        equity    interest      equity
                                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                            Note 28(b)   Note 28(b)   Note 28(f)   Note 28(g)    Note 28(c)


          Balance at 31 December 2023 and
             1 January 2024                                                1,302,751      (38,944)    640,993         8,837       21,365    2,447,489    4,382,491      8,118    4,390,609


          Profit for the year                                                      —            —            —            —           —       737,241     737,241      (7,360)    729,881
          Other comprehensive income for the year                                  —            —            —            —        5,233           —        5,233       6,290      11,523


          Total comprehensive income for the year                                  —            —            —            —        5,233      737,241     742,474      (1,070)    741,404


          Profit distribution                                  28(e)               —            —           —             —           —      (110,810)   (110,810)         —     (110,810)
          Acquisition of a subsidiary                           13                 —            —           —             —           —            —           —       55,176      55,176
          Investment from non-controlling shareholder           13                 —            —           —             —           —            —           —      183,411     183,411
          Purchase of minority shares                           13                 —            —      (11,417)           —           —            —      (11,417)    (18,138)    (29,555)
          Equity settled share-based payment                    27                 —            —       60,840            —           —            —       60,840          —       60,840
          Issuance and repurchase of ordinary shares to the
              Company                                         28(b)(ii)      32,074       (32,074)          —             —           —            —            —          —            —
          Repurchase of ordinary shares to the Company        28(b)(iii)         —        (15,220)          —             —           —            —       (15,220)        —       (15,220)
          Cancellation of ordinary shares to the Company      28(b)(iii)     (7,535)        7,535           —             —           —            —            —          —            —
          Exercise of share option                            28(b)(iv)      23,839             1      (23,839)           —           —            —             1         —             1


          Balance at 31 December 2024                                      1,351,129      (78,702)    666,577         8,837       26,598    3,073,920    5,048,359    227,497    5,275,856


      *             As at 31 December 2024, the retained earnings contain RMB361,006,000 which is undistributable.




      The notes on pages 126 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


122           Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity




                                                                                        Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                           Non-
                                                                      Share     Treasury        Capital         Other      Exchange           Retained       Total   controlling       Total
                                                        Note         capital       stock        reserve       reserve        reserve         earnings*      equity      interest      equity
                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                  Note 28(b)   Note 28(b)     Note 28(f)    Note 28(g)     Note 28(c)


    Balance at 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023                                              643,657       (36,580)      604,772          8,837         (7,761)    1,602,805       2,815,730       6,916     2,822,646


    Profit for the year                                                  —            —              —             —              —           844,684     844,684        (2,136)    842,548
    Other comprehensive income for the year                              —            —              —             —          29,126               —       29,126            —       29,126


    Total comprehensive income for the year                              —            —              —             —          29,126          844,684     873,810        (2,136)    871,674


    Appropriation to PRC statutory reserve                              —             —             —              —              —                —           —            —            —
    Allotment of shares                               28(b)(i)     567,206            —             —              —              —                —      567,206           —       567,206
    Investment from non-controlling shareholder                         —             —             —              —              —                —           —         3,338        3,338
    Equity settled share-based payment                  27              —             —         91,688             —              —                —       91,688           —        91,688
    Issuance and repurchase of ordinary shares to the
        Company                                       28(b)(ii)     37,110       (37,110)           —              —              —                —           —             —           —
    Exercise of share option and RSUs                 28(b)(iv)     54,778        34,746       (55,467)            —              —                —       34,057            —       34,057


    Balance at 31 December 2023                                   1,302,751      (38,944)      640,993          8,837         21,365     2,447,489       4,382,491       8,118     4,390,609


*            As at 31 December 2023, the retained earnings contain RMB309,330,000 which is undistributable.




The notes on pages 126 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024             123
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                            Note             2024             2023
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


      Operating activities:
      Cash generated from operations                                                    1,326,941           776,076
      Income tax paid                                                      24(a)         (174,450)         (104,800)


      Net cash generated from operating activities                         20(b)        1,152,491          671,276


      Investing activities:
      Payment for the purchase of long-term assets                                       (430,704)         (570,779)
      Cash paid for acquisition of investment                             29(e)(i)         (2,413)               —
      Payment for the equity method investments                             15                 (7)         (104,501)
      Net cash (paid)/received for the purchase or sales of monetary
         fund                                                                            (336,838)         194,748
      Increase in deposits with original maturity of over three months
         when acquired, net                                                              (170,684)               —
      Asset acquisition through acquisition of a subsidiary                13(b)          (17,534)               —
      Net cash received from acquisition of subsidiary                   13(a)/20(e)      121,563                —
      Proceeds from sale of long-term assets                                                1,015             2,623
      Proceeds from disposal of monetary fund                                               9,894            10,014
      Interest received                                                                    59,987            59,765


      Net cash used in investing activities                                              (765,721)         (408,130)


      Financing activities:
      Capital element of lease rentals paid                                20(c)          (12,943)             (6,401)
      Payment for minority shares                                          13(a)          (29,555)                 —
      Proceeds from bank loans                                             20(c)           17,622           102,999
      Repayment of bank loans                                              20(c)         (165,132)         (180,000)
      Proceeds from exercise of share options and RSUs                                          1             34,057
      Proceeds from allotment of shares                                   28(b)(i)             —            567,206
      Repurchase of ordinary shares                                       28(b)(iii)      (15,220)                 —
      Cash received from non-controlling shareholder                                      183,411               3,338
      Interest element of lease rentals paid                               20(c)           (1,948)               (922)
      Interest paid                                                        20(c)           (9,482)           (13,302)
      Cash paid for profit distribution                                    28(e)         (110,810)                 —


      Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                             (144,056)         506,975


      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
         equivalents                                                                       13,368            28,202




      The notes on pages 126 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


124      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows




                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                    Note          2024             2023
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       256,082              798,323
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                        2,168,682            1,370,359


Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                      2,424,764            2,168,682


Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and bank balances                                               20       1,477,549            1,609,707
Deposits with original maturity of less than three months when
  acquired                                                           20        947,215               558,975


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the Statement
  of Cash Flows                                                               2,424,764            2,168,682




The notes on pages 126 to 217 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

              (a)     Statement of compliance

                      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial
                      Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong
                      Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by
                      the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), and the requirements of the Hong
                      Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions
                      of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Material
                      accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

                      The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early
                      adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides information on any changes
                      in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are
                      relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these financial statements.

              (b)     Basis of preparation of the financial statements

                      The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 comprise the Company and its
                      subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) and the Group’s interest in associates and a joint venture.

                      Items included in the financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency that
                      best reflects the economic substance of the underlying events and circumstances relevant to the entity (the
                      “Functional Currency”). The financial statements is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), rounded to the
                      nearest thousand except for earnings per share information.

                      The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis except
                      for the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set
                      out below:

                      —        Investment in unlisted equity securities (Note 1(f)(ii));

                      —        Monetary fund (Note 1(f)(i)); and

                      —        Forward exchange contracts (Note 1(g)).

                      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make
                      judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of
                      assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
                      experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
                      of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
                      readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.




126       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (b)	Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
          estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
          or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

          Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the financial
          statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2.

    (c)   Changes in accounting policies

          The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to these financial
          statements for the current accounting period:

          •      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements — Classification of liabilities as current
                 or non-current (“2020 amendments”) and amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial
                 statements — Non-current liabilities with covenants (“2022 amendments”)

          •      Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases — Lease liability in a sale and leaseback

          •      Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures —
                 Supplier finance arrangements

          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
          accounting period. Impacts of the adoption of the new and amended HKFRSs are discussed below:

          Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements (the 2020 and 2022
          amendments, collectively the “HKAS 1 amendments”)

          The HKAS 1 amendments impact the classification of a liability as current or non-current, and have been
          applied retrospectively as a package.

          The 2020 amendments primarily clarify the classification of a liability that can be settled in its own equity
          instruments. If the terms of a liability could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by
          the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments and that conversion option is accounted for as an equity
          instrument, these terms do not affect the classification of the liability as current or non-current. Otherwise,
          the transfer of equity instruments would constitute settlement of the liability and impact classification.

          The 2022 amendments specify that conditions with which an entity must comply after the reporting date do
          not affect the classification of a liability as current or non-current. However, the entity is required to disclose
          information about non-current liabilities subject to such conditions.

          The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (c)	Changes in accounting policies (Continued)

                    Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases — Lease liability in a sale and leaseback

                    The amendments clarify how an entity accounts for a sale and leaseback after the date of the transaction.
                    The amendments require the seller-lessee to apply the general requirements for subsequent accounting
                    of the lease liability in such a way that it does not recognise any gain or loss relating to the right of use it
                    retains. A seller-lessee is required to apply the amendments retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions
                    entered into after the date of initial application. The amendments do not have a material impact on these
                    financial statements as the Group has not entered into any sale and leaseback transactions.

                    Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments:
                    disclosures — Supplier finance arrangements

                    The amendments introduce new disclosure requirements to enhance transparency of supplier finance
                    arrangements and their effects on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. The
                    amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group has not entered into
                    any supplier finance arrangements.

            (d)     Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

                    Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has
                    rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
                    through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated
                    financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.

                    Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses (except for foreign currency
                    transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised losses resulting
                    from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that
                    there is no evidence of impairment.

                    For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”)
                    either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. NCI
                    are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity
                    attributable to the equity shareholders of the company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on
                    the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                    other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income
                    for the year between NCI and the equity shareholders of the company. Loans from holders of NCI and
                    other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated
                    statement of financial position in accordance with Notes 1(q) or (r) depending on the nature of the liability.




128     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (d)	Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
          equity transactions.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and
          any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any
          interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
          impairment losses (see Note 1(k)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group
          classified as held for sale).

    (e)   Associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity in which the Group or the company has significant influence, but not control or joint
          control, over the financial and operating policies. A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group or
          the company has joint control, whereby the Group or the company has the rights to the net assets of the
          arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

          An interest in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as
          held for sale (or included in a disposal group classified as held for sale). They are initially recognised at cost,
          which includes transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
          share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the date on
          which significant influence or joint control ceases.

          When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s
          interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group
          has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose,
          the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any
          other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the
          joint venture, after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see Note 1(k)
          (i)).

          Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the
          investment to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same
          way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is stated
          at cost less impairment losses (see Note 1(k)), unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal
          group classified as held for sale).




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024    129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (f)     Other investments in debt and equity securities

                      The Group’s policies for investments in securities, other than investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                      ventures, are set out below.

                      Investments in securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the
                      investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except
                      for those investments measured at FVPL for which transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss.
                      For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 29(e). These
                      investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

                      (i)      Non-equity investments

                               Non-equity investments are classified into one of the following measurement categories:

                               —        amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
                                        represent solely payments of principal and interest. Expected credit losses, interest income
                                        calculated using the effective interest method (see Note 1(v)(ii)(c)), foreign exchange gains
                                        and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in
                                        profit or loss.

                               —        FVOCI — recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments
                                        of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model whose objective
                                        is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Expected credit losses,
                                        interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains
                                        and losses are recognised in profit or loss and computed in the same manner as if the
                                        financial asset was measured at amortised cost. The difference between the fair value and
                                        the amortised cost is recognised in OCI. When the investment is derecognised, the amount
                                        accumulated in OCI is recycled from equity to profit or loss.

                               —        FVPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost
                                        or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are
                                        recognised in profit or loss.

                      (ii)     Equity investments

                               An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL, unless the investment is not held for trading
                               purposes and on initial recognition the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the
                               investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in
                               OCI. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the
                               investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. If such election is made for
                               a particular investment, at the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve
                               (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings and not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends
                               from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are
                               recognised in profit or loss as other income (see Note 1(v)(ii)(b)).




130       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (g)   Derivative financial instruments

          The Group holds derivative financial instruments to manage its foreign currency and interest rate risk
          exposures. Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately if the
          host contract is not a financial asset and certain criteria are met.

          Derivatives are initially measured at fair value. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with changes
          therein recognised in profit or loss, except where the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or
          hedges of net investment in a foreign operation.

    (h)   Property, plant and equipment

          The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, which includes capitalised
          borrowing costs, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (see Note 1(k)(ii)):

          —      right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or leasehold properties where the Group is not
                 the registered owner of the property interest; and

          —      items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant
                 and equipment (see Note 1(j)).

          If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are
          accounted for as separate items (major components).

          Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.
          Any related revaluation surplus is transferred from the revaluation reserve to retained profits and is not
          reclassified to profit or loss.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost or valuation of items of property, plant and equipment less
          their estimated residual values, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and is
          generally recognised in profit or loss.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

          —      Leasehold land is depreciated over the unexpired term of lease.

          —      The Group’s interests in buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over the shorter of the
                 unexpired term of lease and the buildings’ estimated useful lives, being no more than 50 years after
                 the date of completion.

          —      Plant and buildings                                                                              20 years

          —      Machinery and equipment                                                                          10 years

          —      Office and other equipment                                                                     3–5 years

          —      Motor vehicles                                                                                    4 years

          Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
          appropriate.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (h)     Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                      Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and equipment
                      pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses (see Note 1(k)(ii)).

                      Capitalisation of construction in progress costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to
                      property, plant and equipment when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
                      intended use are completed.

                      No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress until it is substantially completed and ready
                      for its intended use.

              (i)     Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

                      Expenditure on research activities is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Development expenditure
                      is capitalised only if the expenditure can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically and
                      commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable and the Group intends to and has sufficient
                      resources to complete development and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise, it is recognised in profit
                      or loss as incurred. Capitalised development expenditure is subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
                      amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.

                      Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group and have finite useful lives are measured at cost less
                      accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses (see Note 1(k)(ii)).

                      Expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                      Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using
                      the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally recognised in profit or loss.

                      The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

                      —        Design software, Microsoft Office, and Enterprise Resource Planning software                   10 years
                      —        Office administrative software                                                                3–5 years
                      —        Patents and trademarks                                                                          5 years

                      Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
                      appropriate.

              (j)     Leased assets

                      At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is the case
                      if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                      consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified
                      asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.




132       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (j)   Leased assets (Continued)

          (i)   As a lessee

                Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected
                not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated
                non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                except for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items such
                as laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item,
                the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the
                associated lease payments are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if
                that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial
                recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is recognised using
                the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not
                included in the measurement of the lease liability, and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

                The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or
                before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to
                dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which
                it is located, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost
                less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see Notes 1(h) and 1(k)(ii)), except for the
                following types of right-of-use asset:

                —       right-of-use assets related to leasehold land and buildings where the Group is the registered
                        owner of the leasehold interest are carried at fair value (see Note 1(k)).

                Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance
                with the accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities carried at amortised
                cost (see Notes 1(f)(i), 1(v)(ii)(c) and 1(k)(i)). Any excess of the nominal value over the initial fair value
                of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made and is included in the cost of
                right-of-use assets.

                The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
                change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to
                be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
                will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in
                this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
                recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024    133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

              (j)     Leased assets (Continued)

                      (i)      As a lessee (Continued)

                               The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in
                               the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease
                               contract, if such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case, the lease liability is
                               remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the
                               effective date of the modification.

                               In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                               is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                               months after the reporting period.

                      (ii)     As a lessor

                               The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
                               A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
                               the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. Otherwise, the lease is classified as an operating
                               lease.

                               When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
                               the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from
                               operating leases is recognised in accordance with Note 1(v)(ii)(a).

                               When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an
                               operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease
                               is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in Note 1(j)(i), then the
                               Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

              (k)     Credit losses and impairment of assets

                      (i)      Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables

                               The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”s) on:

                               —        financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, restricted
                                        cash, trade receivables and other receivables, including those loans to associates and joint
                                        ventures that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent solely
                                        payments of principal and interest);

                               —        contract assets (see Note 1(m)); and

                               —      lease receivables.




134       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (k)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

         (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
              (Continued)

              Measurement of ECLs

              ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as the
              present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.

              The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is material:

              —      fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest
                     rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

              —      variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

              —      lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable;

              The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
              which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

              ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

              —      12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible
                     within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
                     instrument is less than 12 months); and

              —      lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
                     lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

              The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
              which are measured at 12-months ECLs:

              —      financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

              —      other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over
                     the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial
                     recognition.

              Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to
              lifetime ECLs.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024       135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (k)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                    (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
                         (Continued)

                             Significant increases in credit risk

                             When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
                             initial recognition and when measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
                             information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
                             quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
                             informed credit assessment, that includes forward-looking information.

                             The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than
                             30 days past due.

                             The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

                             —        the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
                                      Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or

                             —        the financial asset is 90 days past due.

                             ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                             risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or
                             loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments
                             with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except
                             for investments in non-equity securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss
                             allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the fair value reserve (recycling) does not reduce
                             the carrying amount of the financial asset in the statement of financial position.

                             Credit-impaired financial assets

                             At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                             asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                             future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                             Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                             —        significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                             —        a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;

                             —        the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not
                                      consider otherwise;

                             —        it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

                             —        the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the
                                      issuer.



136     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (k)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

         (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables
              (Continued)

                Write-off policy

                The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off to
                the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
                determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
                cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

         (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other
                than property carried at revalued amounts, investment property, inventories and other contract costs,
                contract assets and deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
                If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill is tested
                annually for impairment.

                For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest Group of assets that generates
                cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
                cash-generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business combination is allocated to CGUs
                or Groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

                The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
                costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present
                value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
                amount.

                Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other
                assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.

                An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
                reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
                that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had
                been recognised.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (k)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

                    (iii)    Interim financial reporting and impairment

                             Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the
                             Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim financial
                             reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the
                             Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end
                             of the financial year (see Notes 1(k)(i) and (ii)).

                             Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a
                             subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised
                             had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which the interim period
                             relates.

            (l)     Inventories and other contract costs

                    (i)      Inventories

                             Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                             Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase,
                             costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
                             condition.

                             Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
                             costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                    (ii)     Other contract costs

                             Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the
                             costs to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory (see Note 1(l)(i)),
                             property, plant and equipment (see Note 1(h)) or intangible assets (see Note 1(i)).

                             Incremental costs of obtaining a contract, e.g. sales commissions, are capitalised if the costs relate
                             to revenue which will be recognised in a future reporting period and the costs are expected to be
                             recovered. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.




138     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (l)	Inventories and other contract costs (Continued)

         (ii)	Other contract costs (Continued)

                Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to
                a specifically identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used
                to provide goods or services in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Otherwise, costs
                of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or
                intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.

                Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.
                Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is recognised in profit or loss when the revenue to which
                the asset relates is recognised (see Note 1(v)(i)).

    (m) Contract assets and contract liabilities

         A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see Note 1(v)(i)) before being
         unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the terms in the contract. Contract assets are assessed
         for ECLs (see Note 1(k)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration becomes
         unconditional (see Note 1(n)).

         A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
         recognises the related revenue (see Note 1(v)(i)). A contract liability is also recognised if the Group has
         an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related
         revenue. In such latter cases, a corresponding receivable is also recognised (see Note 1(n)).




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (n)     Trade and other receivables

                    A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the
                    passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                    Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
                    transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
                    initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost
                    (see Note 1(k)(i)).

            (o)     Cash and cash equivalents

                    Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                    financial institutions, property pre-sale proceeds held by solicitors that are held for meeting short-term
                    cash commitments, and other short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
                    amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
                    months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part
                    of the Group’s cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the
                    purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement. Restricted cash is excluded from cash and cash equivalents.
                    Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL (see Note 1(k)(i)).

            (p)     Restricted cash

                    Restricted cash represents guarantee deposits held in a separate reserve account that is pledged to the bank
                    for issuance of trade facilities such as security deposits for the Group’s guarantee services. Such restricted
                    cash will be released when the Group repays the related trade facilities.

            (q)     Trade and other payables (other than refund labilities)

                    Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
                    other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
                    case they are stated at invoice amounts.

            (r)     Interest-bearing borrowings

                    Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently, these
                    borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised
                    in accordance with Note 1(x).




140     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (s)   Employee benefits

          (i)     Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                  retirement plans

                  Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
                  for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay
                  this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated
                  reliably.

                  Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related
                  service is provided.

          (ii)    Share-based payments

                  The grant-date fair value of equity-settled share-based payments granted to employees is measured
                  using the binomial lattice model. The amount is generally recognised as an expense, with a
                  corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognised as
                  an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service conditions are
                  expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised is based on the number of awards
                  that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date. The equity amount is recognised in the
                  capital reserve until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount recognised
                  in share capital for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it is released directly to retained
                  profits).

          (iii)   Termination benefits

                  Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer
                  of those benefits and when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring.

    (t)   Income tax

          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the
          extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
          and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax
          payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any
          uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
          reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (t)	Income tax (Continued)

                    Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
                    liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
                    recognised for:

                    —        temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                             business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
                             rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

                    —        temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent
                             that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
                             probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

                    —        taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and

                    —        those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to
                             implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
                             Development.

                    The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease
                    liabilities and right-of-use assets.

                    Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
                    differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
                    can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
                    differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
                    in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
                    based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
                    reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be
                    realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.




142     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (u)   Provisions, contingent liabilities

          Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
          reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.

          A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on
          historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

          A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
          terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined
          based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other
          costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any
          impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see Note 1(k)(ii)).

          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
          estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
          economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
          or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
          probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

          Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another
          party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The
          amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.

    (v)   Revenue and other income

          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services
          or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i)    Revenue from contracts with customers

                 The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognises revenue on a gross basis,
                 including the sale of pressure equipment and related services that are sourced externally. In
                 determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains
                 control of the products before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers to the Group’s
                 ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the products.

                 Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer at the
                 amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those
                 amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added tax or other sales taxes.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (v)	Revenue and other income (Continued)

                    (i)	Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                             (a)      Sales of pressure equipment and related services

                                      The Group recognised revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied. i.e. when
                                      “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is
                                      transferred to the customer.

                                      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that
                                      is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have
                                      the same pattern of transfer to the customer.

                                      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time measuring to the
                                      progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the
                                      following criteria is met:

                                      •       the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
                                              Group’s performance as the Group performs;

                                      •       the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as
                                              the Groups performs; or

                                      •       the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to
                                              the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
                                              completed to date.

                                      The Group designs and manufactures the pressure equipment in accordance with the
                                      customer’s specification which does not have an alternative use to the Group. Under
                                      contracts for which the Group has a right to be paid for work done to date in the event a
                                      customer decides to cancel the contract before the contract was fully completed, revenue
                                      arising from the contract, and a corresponding contract asset (see Note 1(m)), are recognised
                                      progressively over time. The contract asset (either partially or in full) is reclassified to
                                      receivables when the entitlement to payment for that amount has become unconditional (see
                                      Note 1(n)).

                                      The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is mainly measured
                                      based on cost-to-cost method, i.e. based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred
                                      relative to the estimated total costs.

                                      For the sale of pressure equipment that the Group does not have the right to be paid for
                                      work performed to date, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains
                                      control of the distinct good or service. As such, revenue is recognised when the customer
                                      takes possession of and accepts the products.




144     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (v)	Revenue and other income (Continued)

         (i)	Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                (a)	Sales of pressure equipment and related services (Continued)

                      For the sale of raw materials and scrap materials, revenue is recognised at a point in time
                      when the customer obtains control of the products, which is generally when the customer
                      takes possession of and accepts the products.

                      A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or
                      services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional (see Note
                      1(m)). It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9 (see Note 1(k)(i)).

                      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a
                      customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is
                      due) from the customer.

         (ii)   Revenue from other sources and other income

                (a)   Rental income from operating leases

                      Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over
                      the term of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognised as an integral part of the total
                      rental income, over the term of the lease. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                      index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

                (b)   Dividends

                      Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Group’s right to
                      receive payment is established.

                (c)   Interest income

                      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. The “effective interest
                      rate” is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected
                      life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. In calculating
                      interest income, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the
                      asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired). However, for financial assets that have become
                      credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying
                      the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer
                      credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024    145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (v)	Revenue and other income (Continued)

                    (ii)	Revenue from other sources and other income (Continued)

                             (d)      Government grants

                                      Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when there
                                      is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the
                                      conditions attaching to them.

                                      Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit
                                      or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.

                                      Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying
                                      amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the
                                      useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.

            (w) Translation of foreign currencies

                    Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of Group
                    companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

                    Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
                    at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
                    in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair value
                    was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign
                    currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are
                    generally recognised in profit or loss.

                    However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the following items are recognised in
                    OCI:

                    —        an investment in equity securities designated as at FVOCI

                    The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on
                    acquisition, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income
                    and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the dates
                    of the transactions.

                    Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve, except to the
                    extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.




146     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (w)	Translation of foreign currencies (Continued)

          When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence
          or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is
          reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal of a subsidiary that includes
          a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation
          that have been attributed to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If
          the Group disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion
          of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or
          joint venture while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative
          amount is reclassified to profit or loss.

    (x)   Borrowing costs

          Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
          necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part
          of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

          The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
          for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare
          the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases
          when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are
          interrupted or complete.

    (y)   Related parties

          (a)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                 (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                 (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (y)	Related parties (Continued)

                    (b)      An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                             (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same Group (which means that each parent,
                                      subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                             (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture
                                      of a member of a Group of which the other entity is a member).

                             (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                             (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                                      entity.

                             (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                                      or an entity related to the Group.

                             (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                             (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                      management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                             (viii)   The entity, or any member of a Group of which it is a part, provides key management
                                      personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                    Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
                    influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

            (z)     Segment reporting

                    Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements,
                    are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive
                    management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s
                    various lines of business and geographical locations.

                    Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
                    segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
                    services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
                    the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
                    which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.




148     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




1	MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (aa) Research and development costs

          Research and development costs comprise all costs that are directly attributable to research and development
          activities or that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such activities. Because of the nature of the
          Group’s research and development activities, the criteria for the recognition of such costs as an asset are
          generally not met until late in the development stage of the project when the remaining development costs
          are immaterial. Hence both research costs and development costs are generally recognised as expenses in the
          period in which they are incurred.


2   ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES

    (a)   Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies

          In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following accounting
          judgements:

          (i)    Determining the lease term

                 As explained in policy Note 1(j), the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the
                 lease payments payable over the lease term. In determining the lease term at the commencement
                 date for leases that include renewal options exercisable by the Group, the Group evaluates the
                 likelihood of exercising the renewal options taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances
                 that create an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option, including favourable terms,
                 leasehold improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset to the Group’s
                 operation. The lease term is reassessed when there is a significant event or significant change in
                 circumstance that is within the Group’s control. Any increase or decrease in the lease term would
                 affect the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets recognised in future years.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      2       ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

              (b)     Sources of estimation uncertainty

                      Notes 27 and 29 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to valuation of fair
                      value of share options granted and financial instruments. Other significant sources of estimation uncertainty
                      are as follows:

                      (i)      Revenue recognition

                               As explained in policy Note 1(v)(i), revenue from sales of pressure equipment and related services are
                               recognised over time. Such revenue and profit recognition on uncompleted projects is dependent on
                               estimating the total outcome of the contract, as well as the work done to date.

                               Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of the manufacturing and construction
                               activities undertaken by the Group, the Group has made estimates of the point at which it considered
                               the work was sufficiently advanced such that the outcome of the contract can be reasonably
                               measured. Until this point is reached the related contract assets disclosed in Note 18 do not include
                               profit which the Group might eventually realise from the work done to date. In addition, actual
                               outcomes in terms of total cost or revenue may be higher or lower than estimated at the end of
                               the reporting period, which would affect the revenue and profit recognised in future years as an
                               adjustment to the amounts recorded to date.

                      (ii)     Warranty provisions

                               As explained in Note 25, the Group makes provisions under the warranties it gives on sales of
                               pressure equipment taking into account the Group’s recent claim experience. As the Group is
                               continually upgrading its product designs and launching new models it is possible that the recent
                               claim experience is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any
                               increase or decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in future years.




150       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

    (a)   Revenue

          The principal activities of the Group are the production and sales of various pressure equipment. Further
          details regarding the Group’s principal activities are disclosed in Note 3(b).

          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue

                 Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines is as
                 follows:

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


                     Revenue from contracts with customers
                       within the scope of HKFRS 15
                     Disaggregated by major products or service lines
                     — core equipment                                                         2,525,033            2,590,675
                        — reactor                                                             1,196,707            1,114,356
                        — heat exchanger                                                        587,054              739,517
                        — tank                                                                  208,828              352,902
                        — tower                                                                 532,444              383,900
                     — modular pressure equipment                                             4,244,422            4,553,792
                     — others*                                                                   32,768               31,325


                     Sales of products                                                        6,802,223            7,175,792


                     — Pressure equipment design, validation, and
                        maintenance service                                                     146,131              184,470


                     Service                                                                    146,131              184,470


                     Revenue of operations                                                    6,948,354            7,360,262

                 *    Others include primarily sales of raw materials and scrap materials.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      3	REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

            (a)	Revenue (Continued)

                    (i)	Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)

                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


                                 Point in time                                                         3,515,626         4,301,053
                                 Over time                                                             3,432,728         3,059,209


                                 Total                                                                 6,948,354         7,360,262


                             The Group’s customer base is diversified and includes no customer with whom transactions have
                             exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenues of the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: one). Revenues
                             from this customer during year ended 31 December 2024 are set out below:

                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


                                 Customer A                                                                    *          798,967

                             *    Less than 10% of the Group’s revenue for the corresponding years.


                    (ii)     Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with
                             customers in existence at the reporting date

                             As at 31 December 2024, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
                             performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is RMB8,131,050,000 (as at 31
                             December 2023: RMB9,077,735,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in
                             the future from contracts with customers in existence at the reporting date. The Group will recognise
                             the expected revenue in future when or as the work is completed, which is expected to occur over
                             the next 12 to 36 months.




152     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3	REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

    (a)	Revenue (Continued)

          (iii)   Geographic information

                  The following table sets out information about the geographical location of the Group’s revenue
                  from external customers. The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which
                  the services were provided or the goods delivered.

                  The Group’s property, plant and equipment, intangible assets are mainly located in mainland China
                  and accordingly, no geographical information of non-current assets is presented.

                                                                                  Revenues from external customers
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Mainland China                                                          2,750,519            3,886,406
                   North America                                                           1,383,524              863,532
                   Asia (excluding mainland China)                                         2,023,164            1,824,800
                   Europe                                                                    335,153              246,198
                   Africa                                                                    100,155              336,286
                   Others (Note)                                                             355,839              203,040


                                                                                           6,948,354            7,360,262

                  Note:   Others mainly included countries in South America and Oceania.


    (b)   Segment reporting

          HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of operating segment information
          based on internal financial statement reports that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s chief operating
          decision makers for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment. On this basis, the
          Group has determined that it only has one operating segment which is the sale of comprehensive pressure
          equipment.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      4       OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


                Government grants (i)                                                                          24,743                     28,090
                Interest income                                                                                59,987                     59,765
                Net realised gains on monetary fund                                                             9,894                     10,014
                Net realised gains on forward exchange contracts                                                  172                        150
                Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                            25,313                    (16,263)
                Changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities                                         854                        249
                Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                            (553)                      (377)
                Others                                                                                         (3,004)                     3,834


                                                                                                             117,406                      85,462

              (i)     Government grants mainly includes (a) grants relating to expenses which represent unconditional grants received from local
                      government to encourage the Group’s development; and (b) grants relating to assets which represent the amortisation of deferred
                      income.


      5       PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

              Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:

                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


                (a)     Finance costs:

                        Interest on interest-bearing borrowings                                                  8,500                    12,369
                        Interest on lease liabilities                                                            1,948                       922


                                                                                                               10,448                     13,291


                (b)     Staff costs:

                        Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                 1,063,233                  1,028,502
                        Equity-settled share-based payment expenses (Note 27)                                 60,840                     91,688
                        Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans (i)                           120,495                    111,486


                                                                                                           1,244,568                  1,231,676

              (i)     Employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
                      administered and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC contribute funds which are
                      calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the scheme to
                      fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

                      The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual
                      contributions described above.


154       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




5   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging: (Continued)

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


       (c)    Other items:

              Amortisation of intangible assets                                                     21,301                    17,367

              Depreciation charge
              — owned property, plant and equipment                                               153,237                    116,263
              — right-of-use assets                                                                20,248                     11,811

              Auditor’s remuneration
              — audit services                                                                        4,200                     4,050
              — non-audit services                                                                       20                        20

              Research and development costs (i)                                                  399,241                    418,149
              Increase in provisions (Note 25)                                                     13,120                     12,964
              Cost of inventories (ii)                                                          4,898,577                  5,304,558
              Expense relating to short-term leases                                                51,576                     65,713

    (i)      Research and development costs included staff costs of RMB207,766,000 (2023: RMB194,026,000), depreciation and
             amortisation expenses of RMB9,708,000 (2023: RMB10,704,000), which are also included in the respective total amounts
             disclosed separately above or in Note 5(b).

    (ii)     Cost of inventories included staff costs of RMB705,675,000 (2023: RMB628,220,000), depreciation and amortisation expenses of
             RMB147,663,000 (2023: RMB98,259,000), which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above or
             in Note 5(b).




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024      155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      6       INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS

              (a)     Taxation in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

                        Current tax:
                        Provision for the year                                                          168,301                   130,131
                        Withholding tax on the profits of the Group’s
                          PRC subsidiaries (Note 24(a))                                                   14,921                        —
                        Under/(over)-provision in respect of prior year                                   10,070                    (3,709)

                                                                                                        193,292                   126,422

                        Deferred tax:
                        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                (29,344)                      443
                        Withholding tax on the profits of the Group’s
                          PRC subsidiaries (Note 24(b))                                                   13,079                   14,921
                        Effect on deferred tax balances at 1 January resulting from a
                          change in tax rate (Note 24(b))                                                  4,346                        —

                                                                                                         (11,919)                  15,364

                        Actual tax expense                                                              181,373                   141,786


              (b)     Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
                      applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   Note                  2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

                        Profit before taxation                                                          911,254                   984,334

                        Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated
                          at the rates applicable to profits in the countries
                          concerned                                                (i)(ii)              141,218                   147,458
                        Additional deduction for qualified research and
                          development expenses                                      (iii)                (23,683)                 (34,836)
                        Under/(over)-provision in respect of prior year                                   10,070                    (3,709)
                        Non-deductible expenses                                                           10,206                   21,967
                        Tax effect of unrecognised loss                             (v)                    8,935                    (6,445)
                        Tax effect of unrecognised temporary difference                                    2,281                     2,430
                        Withholding tax on the profits of the Group’s PRC
                          subsidiaries                                              (iv)                  28,000                   14,921
                        Effect on deferred tax balances at 1 January
                          resulting from a change in tax rate (Note 24(b))                                 4,346                        —

                        Actual tax expense                                                              181,373                   141,786

                      (i)      Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC (the “CIT Law”), the PRC’s statutory income tax rate is 25%. The
                               Group’s PRC subsidiaries are subject to income tax at the statutory tax rate unless otherwise specified.


156       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
    (Continued)

    (b)   Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
          applicable tax rates: (Continued)

          Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of where the Company and the Group’s subsidiaries
          located, the Company and the Group’s subsidiaries outside PRC were subject to the corporate income tax at
          a rate listed below:

                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
              Country and region          Company                                                       2024           2023


              Hong Kong                   Morimatsu International Holdings Company
                                            Limited(*)                                                   16.5%                 16.5%
                                          Morimatsu Investment Company Limited(*)(**)                    16.5%                 16.5%
                                          Morimatsu International Investment Company
                                            Limited(*)(***)                                             16.5%                    N/A
              Sweden                      Pharmadule Morimatsu AB                                       20.6%                 20.6%
              The United States           Pharmadule Morimatsu Inc(****)                                21.0%                 21.0%
                                          Morimatsu Houston Corporation(****)                           21.0%                 21.0%
              India                       Pharmadule Engineering India Private Limited                 25.17%                25.17%
              Malaysia                    Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD.(*)                      24.0%                 24.0%
              Japan                       Pharmadule Technology And Service Company
                                            Limited (previous name: Morimatsu Technology
                                            and Service Company Limited                                33.58%                33.58%
                                          Morimatsu Technology and Service Company
                                            Limited                                                    33.58%                33.58%
              Italy                       Morimatsu Italy S.R.L                                         24.0%                 24.0%
              Mexico                      Permanent Establishment in Mexico, the branch
                                            of Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical
                                            Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd.                              30.0%                 30.0%
              Singapore                   Morimatsu Pharmadule (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.(*)                  17.0%                 17.0%
                                          Morimatsu Lifesciences (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.(*)                17.0%                 17.0%
                                          Morimatsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.(*)                             17.0%                 17.0%

          *         No provision for income tax was made for these companies as these companies did not have income subject to corporate
                    income tax during the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 respectively.

          **        The company has been dissolved since 10 May 2024.

          ***       The company was not registered during the year ended 31 December 2023.

          ****      The tax rate represents federal income tax.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024          157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      6       INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
              (Continued)

              (b)     Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
                      applicable tax rates: (Continued)

                      (ii)     The subsidiaries of the Group are entitled as a High and New Technology Enterprise as follows.

                                                                                                               Applicable
                                                                                                              preferential
                                                                                                                  tax rate                       Period


                                   Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu Heavy Industry”)
                                     (森松 (江蘇) 重工有限公司)*                                                                    15%          2024 and 2023
                                   Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment
                                     Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu
                                     Pharmaceutical Equipment”)
                                     (上海森松製藥設備工程有限公司)*                                                                    15%          2024 and 2023
                                   Shanghai Morimatsu Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu Biotechnology”)
                                     (上海森松生物科技有限公司)*                                                                      15%          2024 and 2023
                                   Shanghai Morimatsu Engineering Technology Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu Engineering”)
                                     (上海森松工程技術有限公司)*                                                                      15%          2024 and 2023
                                   Morimatsu (Suzhou) LifeSciences Co., Ltd.
                                     (“Morimatsu LifeSciences”)
                                     (森松 (蘇州) 生命科技有限公司)* (Note)                                                           15%                       2024

                               *        The English translation of these entities is for reference only. The official name of these entities in the PRC is in
                                        Chinese.


                               Note:    Morimatsu LifeSciences is entitled as a High and New Technology Enterprise in 2024.


                      (iii)    Under the CIT Law of the PRC and its relevant regulation, qualified research and development
                               expenses are subject to income tax deduction at 200% on the amount actually incurred for each of
                               the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

                      (iv)     According to the CIT Law and its implementing regulations of the CIT Law, for dividends payable to
                               investors that are non-resident enterprise (who do not have organisations or places of business in
                               the PRC, or that have organisations and places of business in PRC but to whom the relevant income
                               tax is not effectively connected), 10% of the PRC withholding tax shall be paid, unless there are any
                               applicable tax treaties are reached between the jurisdictions of non-resident enterprises and the PRC
                               which may reduce or provide exemption to the relevant tax. Similarly, any gain derived from the
                               transfer of shares by such investor, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the
                               PRC, shall be subject to 10% PRC income tax rate (or a lower tax treaty rate (if applicable)).




158       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS
    (Continued)

    (b)   Reconciliation between actual income tax expense and accounting profit at
          applicable tax rates: (Continued)

          (iv)   (Continued)

                 Pursuant to the shareholders’ resolution on 18 July 2024 and 25 December 2024, Morimatsu (China)
                 Investment Co., Ltd. decided dividends of RMB280,000,000 would be distributed to Morimatsu
                 International Holdings Company Limited in the future periods. Accordingly, Morimatsu International
                 Holdings Company Limited accrued deferred tax liabilities of RMB28,000,000 based on 10% PRC
                 withholding tax rate.

          (v)    Under PRC CIT law, the deductible tax losses expire within 5 years from the year when such losses
                 were incurred. It was mainly arising from the Morimatsu (China) Investment Co., Ltd. whose principal
                 activity was investment holding, Shanghai Mori-Biounion Technology Co., Ltd. and Morimatsu
                 (Suzhou) LifeSciences Co., Ltd., who are still at start-up stages.

    (c)   Pillar Two income tax

          In 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development published the Global Anti-Base
          Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two model rules”) for a new global minimum tax reform applicable to large
          multinational enterprises. Certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates have implemented Pillar Two
          income tax legislation based on this framework, and those Pillar Two income tax laws became effective on 1
          January 2024.

          Consequently, the Group has become liable to Pillar Two income tax for the first time and the impact is
          immaterial for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil). Certain jurisdictions in which the Group
          operates, including Sweden and Italy, have implemented Pillar Two income tax legislation based on this
          framework, and those Pillar Two income tax laws became effective on 1 January 2024.

          Other jurisdictions in which the Group operates, e.g. Hong Kong SAR, are in the process of implementing
          their Pillar Two income tax legislation. Therefore, it is possible that the Group may be subject to additional
          Pillar Two income taxes in those jurisdictions. The Group continues to monitor the local legislation for Hong
          Kong and development of Pillar Two Rules in other jurisdictions the Group operates and assess the potential
          impact.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      7       DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

              Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
              the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

              Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                  Salaries,              Contributions
                                                               allowances                to retirement
                                                              and benefits Discretionary        benefit               Share-based
                                             Director’s fee        in kind      bonuses       schemes     Sub-Total     payments      Total
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000
                                                                                                                          Note 27


               Executive directors
               Mr. Weihua Tang                         151          1,947            575            70       2,743          4,417     7,160
               Mr. Ye Sheng                            151          1,632          1,736            70       3,589          2,230     5,819
               Mr. Koei Nishimatsu                     151          4,931            427            —        5,509          6,550    12,059
               Mr. Jungo Hirazawa                      151            872            112            —        1,135            957     2,092
               Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima                  151          1,243            239            —        1,633          1,115     2,748

               Non-executive director
               Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa                  175             —              —              —         175          4,733     4,908

               Independent directors
               Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly                 175             —              —              —         175             —        175
               Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                    175             —              —              —         175             —        175
               Mr. Yu Jianguo                          175             —              —              —         175             —        175


                                                     1,455         10,625          3,089           140      15,309         20,002    35,311




160       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




7   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (Continued)

    Year ended 31 December 2023

                                                        Salaries,                  Contributions
                                                 allowances and     Discretionary  to retirement               Share-based
                                Director’s fee   benefits in kind        bonuses benefit schemes   Sub-Total     payments       Total
                                    RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                                                   Note 27


     Executive directors
     Mr. Weihua Tang                     144                728           2,105              68       3,045         3,728       6,773
     Mr. Ye Sheng                        144                622           2,242              68       3,076         3,728       6,804
     Mr. Koei Nishimatsu                 144              3,395             589              —        4,128         5,326       9,454
     Mr. Jungo Hirazawa                  144                931             119              —        1,194         1,601       2,795
     Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima              144              1,020             374              —        1,538         1,864       3,402

     Non-executive director
     Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa              163                  —              —               —          163         7,913       8,076

     Independent directors
     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly             163                  —              —               —          163            —         163
     Mr. Kanno Shinichiro                163                  —              —               —          163            —         163
     Mr. Yu Jianguo                      163                  —              —               —          163            —         163


                                       1,372              6,696           5,429             136      13,633        24,160      37,793


    Mr. Weihua Tang, Mr. Ye Sheng, Mr. Koei Nishimatsu, Mr. Jungo Hirazawa, and Mr. Hirotaka Kawashima were
    appointed as executive director of the Company on 1 September 2020. Mr. Terumoto Matsuhisa was appointed
    as non-executive director of the Company on 1 September 2020. They are also key management personnel of the
    Group during the reporting period. The remuneration disclosed above include those for services rendered by them
    as key management personnel.

    During 2024 and 2023, there was no amount paid or payable by the Group to the directors or any of the five
    highest paid individuals set out in Note 8 below as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
    compensation for loss of office.

    Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly, Mr. Kanno Shinichiro and Mr. Yu Jianguo were appointed as independent non-executive
    directors on 10 February 2021.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024      161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      8       INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

              Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments for the years ended 31 December 2024, three are directors
              (2023: three) whose emoluments are disclosed in Note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the
              remaining two individuals during 2024 (2023: two) are as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000


                Salaries and other emoluments                                                   2,531                   565
                Discretionary bonuses                                                           3,192                 3,358
                Share-based payments (Note 27)                                                  4,027                 6,922
                Retirement scheme contributions                                                   141                   135


                                                                                                9,891                10,980


              The emoluments of the individuals who are not directors and who are amongst the five highest paid individuals of
              the Group are within the following bands:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2024             2023


                HKD4,000,001–HKD4,500,000                                                           1                     —
                HKD4,500,001–HKD5,000,000                                                           —                     —
                HKD5,000,001–HKD5,500,000                                                           —                     —
                HKD5,500,001–HKD6,000,000                                                           —                     1
                HKD6,000,001–HKD6,500,000                                                           1                     —
                HKD6,500,001–HKD7,000,000                                                           —                     1




162       Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




9   EARNINGS PER SHARE

    (a)   Basic earnings per share

          The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
          shareholders of the Company of RMB737,241,000 (2023: RMB844,684,000) and the weighted average of
          1,191,331,000 ordinary shares (2023: 1,163,300,000 shares) in issue during the year, calculated as follows:

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                 2024                      2023


           Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                       1,190,092,000              1,073,796,000
           Effect of treasury shares at 1 January                                      (39,816,000)                (20,883,000)
           Effect of allotment of shares (Note 28(b)(i))                                        —                   77,370,000
           Effect of shares repurchase and cancelled (Note 28(b)(iii))                    (634,000)                         —
           Effect of exercise of share options (Note 28(b)(iv))                          6,034,000                   3,550,000
           Effect of vested RSUs (Note 28(b)(iv))                                               —                    9,245,000
           Effect of vested shares options exercisable for no more than
              little consideration (Note (i) below)                                      35,655,000                 20,222,000


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares
            at 31 December                                                           1,191,331,000              1,163,300,000

          Note (i): The number of ordinary shares outstanding were vested and exercisable from 28 June 2024 and 28 June 2023 for no
                    more than little consideration, as if the shares vested and exercised from the vesting date.


    (b)   Diluted earnings per share

          The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
          shareholders of the Company of RMB737,241,000 (2023: RMB844,684,000) and the weighted average
          number of ordinary shares of 1,251,044,000 shares (2023: 1,252,495,000 shares after adjusting for the
          bonus issue), calculated as follows:

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                                 2024                      2023


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                 1,191,331,000              1,163,300,000
           Effect of deemed issue of shares under the Company’s Pre-IPO
             Share Option Scheme and RSU Scheme (Note 27)                                59,713,000                 89,195,000


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)
            at 31 December                                                           1,251,044,000              1,252,495,000




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      10       PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                            Machinery           Office
                                                              Plant and           and        and other       Motor      Construction
                                                              buildings     equipment       equipment      vehicles      in progress       Total
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000


                 Cost:
                 At 1 January 2023                            1,220,165        431,032         120,727       24,349          389,486    2,185,759
                 Additions                                           —          23,615          21,566        2,062          566,186      613,429
                 Transfer from construction in progress         193,857         39,967          13,227           85         (247,136)           —
                 Disposals                                           —           (2,652)         (1,518)       (690)            (540)       (5,400)


                 At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024       1,414,022       491,962         154,002       25,806           707,996    2,793,788
                 Additions                                           —         41,647          16,240        1,911           379,941      439,739
                 Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu Dialog           —            984           7,171          209                —         8,364
                 Transfer from construction in progress         732,480        35,656          11,678       12,699          (792,513)          —
                 Disposals                                           —         (3,392)         (3,019)         148              (284)      (6,547)
                 Foreign exchange gain                               —             50             348          (69)               —           329


                 At 31 December 2024                          2,146,502       566,907         186,420       40,704          295,140     3,235,673


                 Accumulated depreciation:
                 At 1 January 2023                             (304,051)       (180,132)        (76,211)    (15,800)              —      (576,194)
                 Charge for the year                             (62,454)        (31,566)       (19,089)      (3,154)             —      (116,263)
                 Written back on disposal                             —            2,224          1,330          578              —         4,132


                 At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024        (366,505)      (209,474)        (93,970)    (18,376)               —      (688,325)
                 Charge for the year                            (84,827)       (37,219)        (26,063)     (5,128)               —      (153,237)
                 Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu Dialog           (2)           (94)         (1,019)        (36)               —        (1,151)
                 Written back on disposal                            —           2,712           2,613        (166)               —         5,159
                 Foreign exchange loss                               —              (5)            (45)         13                —           (37)


                 At 31 December 2024                           (451,334)      (244,080)       (118,484)    (23,693)               —      (837,591)


                 Net book Value:
                 At 31 December 2024                          1,695,168       322,827           67,936      17,011          295,140     2,398,082


                 At 31 December 2023                          1,047,517        282,488          60,032        7,430          707,996    2,105,463




164        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




11   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                  Leasehold        Machinery
                                                  Land use        plant and              and
                                                     right         buildings       equipment                Total
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


      Balance at 1 January 2023                     174,826            23,271                791           198,888
      Additions                                           —             1,938                550              2,488
      Depreciation charge for the year                (4,531)          (6,895)              (385)           (11,811)


      Balance at 31 December 2023 and
        1 January 2024                              170,295            18,314               956            189,565
      Additions                                          —             60,725               541             61,266
      Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu
        Dialog                                       12,333                475                 —             12,808
      Termination                                         —               (338)               (22)             (360)
      Depreciation charge for the year                (9,548)          (10,364)             (336)           (20,248)
      Foreign exchange gain/(loss)                       627               (12)                —                615


      Balance at 31 December 2024                  173,707             68,800             1,139           243,646


     The Group has obtained land use rights held for own use in Mainland China with remaining lease term of 30 to 50
     years.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024     165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      12       INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                         Construction
                                                              Software        Patent      in progress            Total
                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


                 Cost:
                 At 1 January 2023                              60,772             —                413          61,185
                 Additions                                      16,159             —              2,473          18,632
                 Transfer from construction in progress           1,869            —             (1,869)              —
                 Disposals                                       (7,812)           —                 —            (7,812)


                 At 31 December 2023 and
                   1 January 2024                               70,988            —              1,017           72,005
                 Additions                                      16,959        26,517               978           44,454
                 Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu
                   Dialog                                          107             —                —               107
                 Transfer from construction in progress          1,995             —            (1,995)              —
                 Disposals                                      (7,417)            —                —            (7,417)


                 At 31 December 2024                            82,632        26,517                 —         109,149


                 Accumulated amortisation:
                 At 1 January 2023                              (30,106)           —                 —           (30,106)
                 Charge for the year                            (17,367)           —                 —           (17,367)
                 Written back on disposal                         6,080            —                 —             6,080


                 At 31 December 2023 and
                   1 January 2024                              (41,393)            —                 —          (41,393)
                 Charge for the year                           (17,324)        (3,977)               —          (21,301)
                 Effect of acquisition of Morimatsu
                   Dialog                                          (36)            —                 —              (36)
                 Written back on disposal                        7,291             —                 —            7,291


                 At 31 December 2024                           (51,462)        (3,977)               —          (55,439)


                 Net book value:
                 At 31 December 2024                            31,170        22,540                 —           53,710


                 At 31 December 2023                            29,595             —             1,017           30,612


               The amortisation charge for the year is included in “General and administrative expenses” and “Research and
               development expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




166        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

     The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities
     of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

                                             Place of incorporation/                           Effective interest held
                                             operation, date of          Registered capital/      by the Company
                                             incorporation/business        issued and fully
      Name of company                        combination                    paid up capital       Direct      Indirect   Principal activities


      Pharmadule Engineering India Private   India                            INR49,990,000/          —         100%     Purchase of materials and design of pressure
         Limited (“Pharmadule India”)            15 May 2017                   INR49,990,000                                equipment

      Pharmadule Morimatsu AB                Sweden                            SEK2,000,000/          —         100%     Designing and engineering of modular
         (“Pharmadule Sweden”)                  3 March 2011                    SEK2,000,000                                manufacturing facilities for the
                                                                                                                            pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and fast-
                                                                                                                            moving consumer goods industries

      Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry     The PRC                        USD141,378,000/           —         100%     Chemical industry, oil and gas refining,
        Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu Heavy             13 May 2008                 USD141,378,000                                  metallurgy, water treatment, new energy and
        Industry”)                                                                                                          other industries related to traditional pressure
        (森松 (江蘇) 重工有限公司)                                                                                                    equipment (reactor, heat exchanger, vessel,
        (i)(iii)(iv)                                                                                                        tower) and modular pressure equipment

      Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical      The PRC                         RMB86,309,407/      20.06%        65.03%    Process equipment and modular process system
         Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd.        29 November 2001              RMB79,744,149                                 and facility in pharmaceutical and consumer
         (“Morimatsu Pharmaceutical                                                                                         goods industry
         Equipment”)
         (上海森松製藥設備工程
         有限公司)(i)(iv)

      Morimatsu (China) Investment Co., Ltd The PRC                         USD103,009,000/        100%             —    Investment holding
        (“Morimatsu China”)                    7 June 2010                  USD103,009,000
        (森松（中國）投資有限公司)(i)(iii)(iv)

      Pharmadule Morimatsu Inc               USA                                  USD5,000/           —         100%     Sales center, after-sales service center
         (“Pharmadule US”)                      30 June 2011                      USD5,000                                   and purchasing center of Morimatsu
                                                                                                                             Pharmaceutical Equipment and Pharmadule
                                                                                                                             Morimatsu AB in the United States

      Pharmadule Technology And Service      Japan                           JPY100,000,000/          —         100%     Sales activities for the Group’s products
         Company Limited (Previous name:        31 January 2014               JPY100,000,000                                 in Japan
         Morimatsu Technology And Service
         Company Limited)
         (“Morimatsu Japan”)

      Morimatsu Italy S.R.L.                 Italy                              EUR200,000/           —         100%     Sales activities for the Group’s products
        (“Morimatsu Italy”)                       26 November 2020               EUR200,000                                  in Italy



                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024                 167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      13       INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                         Place of incorporation/                                Effective interest held
                                                         operation, date of               Registered capital/      by the Company
                                                         incorporation/business             issued and fully
                 Name of company                         combination                         paid up capital       Direct      Indirect    Principal activities


                 Morimatsu (Suzhou) LifeSciences Co., Ltd. The PRC                           RMB682,779,572/           —         100%      Designing and engineering of modular
                   (“Morimatsu LifeSciences”)                 26 September 2021              RMB682,779,572                                   manufacturing facilities for the
                   (森松 (蘇州) 生命科技有限公司)                                                                                                         pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical
                   (i)(iii)(iv)                                                                                                               industries

                 Shanghai Morimatsu Engineering      The PRC                                  RMB50,000,000/           —         100%      Designing of modular manufacturing facilities
                    Technology Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu    19 November 2021                      RMB38,000,000
                    Engineering”)
                    (上海森松工程技術有限公司)(i)(iii)(iv)

                 Shanghai Morimatsu Biotechnology The PRC                                     RMB50,000,000/           —         100%      Research and development of biological
                    Co., Ltd. (“Morimatsu            17 January 2022                          RMB50,000,000                                   technology and the manufacturing and sales
                    Biotechnology”)                                                                                                           of related special equipment
                    (上海森松生物科技有限公司)(i)(iii)(iv)

                 Shanghai Mori-Biounion Technology The PRC                                    RMB41,300,000/           —         100%      Provision of biotechnology consulting and
                    Co., Ltd. (“Mori-Biounion         24 May 2022                             RMB41,300,000                                   services, as well as the production and sales of
                    Technology”)                                                                                                              related products
                    (上海森眾生物技術有限公司)(i)(iii)(iv)

                 Morimatsu Houston Corporation           USA                                     USD300,000/           —         100%      Sales activities for the Group’s products
                                                            28 February 2022                     USD300,000                                    in USA
                                                            (business combination under
                                                            the common control)

                 Morimatsu Pharmadule Singapore Pte.     Singapore                             SGD 3,000,000/          —         100%      Provision of technical and service support for the
                   Ltd. (“Pharmadule Singapore”)             16 January 2023                    SGD 3,000,000                                 Group’s business expansion in Southeast Asia

                 Shanghai Morimatsu Hi-Purity            The PRC                              RMB10,000,000/           —          88%      Development and sales of high-purity chemical
                    Neo-Tech Co., Ltd.                      3 August 2023                      RMB8,800,000                                   reagent production technology and
                    (“Morimatsu Hi-Purity”)                                                                                                   equipment
                    (上海森松皓純新材料科技
                    有限公司)(i)(iv)

                 Shanghai Morimatsu Semi-Chem            The PRC                              RMB10,000,000/           —       48.4%(ii)   Manufacture and sale of semiconductor special
                    Equipment Co., Ltd.                     2 November 2023                    RMB2,750,000                                  equipment
                    (“Semi-Chem Equipment”)
                    (上海森美科半導體設備
                    有限公司)(i)(iv)




168        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13   INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                  Place of incorporation/                           Effective interest held
                                                  operation, date of          Registered capital/      by the Company
                                                  incorporation/business        issued and fully
        Name of company                           combination                    paid up capital       Direct      Indirect   Principal activities


        Morimatsu Lifesciences (Singapore) Pte.    Singapore                         USD300,000/           —         100%     Provision of technical and service support
          Ltd. (“Morimatsu Lifesciences               22 December 2023               USD300,000
          Singapore”)

        Morimatsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.            Singapore                       SGD4,000,000/        100%             —    Provision of technical and service support
                                                      17 October 2023               SGD4,000,000

        Morimatsu Technology and Service           Japan                          JPY100,000,000/          —         100%     Provision of technical and service support
          Company Limited                            1 December 2023               JPY100,000,000

        Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.      Malaysia                      MYR306,300,000/         51%             —    Production and sales of pressure equipment
          (“Morimatsu Dialog”)                      1 January 2024               MYR306,300,000

        Morimatsu International Investment         Hong Kong                          RMB10,000/        100%             —    Investment holding
          Company Limited                            25 March 2024                            Nil

        Shandong Keda Chemical Engineering         The PRC                        RMB17,000,000/           —         100%     Structural design, special equipment design and
           Design Co, Ltd.                           15 March 2024                RMB17,000,000                                   engineering cost consultancy
           (“Shandong Keda”)
           (山東科達化工工程有限公司)(i)(iii)(iv)

     (i)         The English translation of these entities is for reference only. The official name of the companies established in the PRC is in
                 Chinese.

     (ii)        Semi-Chem Equipment is a subsidiary of a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and, accordingly, is accounted for as a
                 subsidiary by virtue of the Company’s control over it.

     (iii)       These entities are wholly-foreign-owned enterprises established in the PRC.

     (iv)        These entities are limited liability companies established in the PRC.


     (a)         Business combinations through acquisition of subsidiaries

                 Pursuant to the supplemental agreement to the joint venture agreement dated on 1 January 2024, the
                 Group acquired its joint venture, Morimatsu Dialog for nil cash consideration. The fair value of the 49%
                 equity interest in Morimatsu Dialog, measured at the acquisition date, is RMB55,176,000. In 2024, the
                 Group has injected MYR 110,670,000 (equivalent to RMB175,329,000) in total to Morimatsu Dialog. In
                 2024, the non-controlling shareholder of Morimatsu Dialog, Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD. has injected MYR
                 106,330,000 (equivalent to RMB169,136,000) in total.




                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024                 169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      13       INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

               (a)     Business combinations through acquisition of subsidiaries (Continued)

                       In June 2024, the non-controlling shareholders of Mori-Biounion Technology has injected capital of
                       RMB6,800,000 in total. In June 2024, the holding company of Mori-Biounion Technology, Morimatsu
                       Biotechnology, acquired 40.68% of the equity interest from the non-controlling shareholders for a cash
                       consideration of RMB16,800,000, which was fully paid. According to the articles of association, the Group
                       obtained 100% of the equity interest of Mori-Biounion Technology on 30 June 2024.

                       In April and May 2024, the non-controlling shareholders of Morimatsu Biotechnology has injected
                       RMB7,475,000 to Morimatsu Biotechnology. In June 2024, the holding company of Morimatsu
                       Biotechnology, Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment, acquired 27.75% of the equity interest from the
                       non-controlling shareholders for a cash consideration of RMB12,755,000, which was fully paid. Pursuant to
                       the articles of association, the Group obtained 100% of the equity interest of Morimatsu Biotechnology on
                       24 June 2024.

               (b)     Asset acquisition through acquisition of a subsidiary

                       In March 2024, Morimatsu Engineering, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired 100% equity interest in
                       Shandong Keda at the cash consideration of RMB17,870,000, of which RMB11,570,000 was paid as at 31
                       December 2024. Pursuant to the articles of association, the Group obtained 100% of the equity interest of
                       Shandong Keda on 15 March 2024.

                       Management accounted for the transaction as acquisition of assets in accordance with the amendments
                       to HKFRS 3 (Revised), Business Combinations which required the cost of acquisition to be allocated to
                       intangible assets of the acquired company on the basis of their relative fair values at the respective date of
                       acquisition as summarised below:

                                                                                                                        RMB’000


                         Intangible assets                                                                                  26,517
                         Inventories                                                                                           160
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                         2,040
                         Cash and bank deposits                                                                                336
                         Trade and other payables                                                                          (11,183)


                         Total identifiable net assets at fair value acquired                                               17,870


                         Satisfied by:
                         Cash consideration                                                                                 17,870




170        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13	INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    (b)	Asset acquisition through acquisition of a subsidiary (Continued)

         An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                      RMB’000


          Cash consideration                                                                             (17,870)
          Cash and bank deposits acquired                                                                    336


          Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing
            activities                                                                                   (17,534)


         The following table lists out the information relating to Morimatsu Dialog, the subsidiary of the Group
         which has a material non-controlling interest (NCI). The summarised financial information presented below
         represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination.

                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000
                                                                                                   Morimatsu
                                                                                                      Dialog


          NCI percentage                                                                                49.00%

          Current assets                                                                                236,707
          Non-current assets                                                                            291,287
          Current liabilities                                                                           (59,432)
          Non-current liabilities                                                                       (10,855)
          Net assets                                                                                    457,707
          Carrying amount of NCI                                                                        224,276

          Revenue                                                                                       104,241
          Loss from the year                                                                            (12,199)
          Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                         (12,199)
          Loss allocated to NCI                                                                           (5,978)

          Cash flows from operating activities                                                           35,036
          Cash flows from investing activities                                                         (303,552)
          Cash flows from financing activities                                                          338,453




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      14       INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES

               Details of the Group’s interest in the associates, which are accounted for using the equity method in the
               consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                                            Proportion of
                                                                                                          ownership interest
                                                        Forms of       Place of         Particulars of    Groups’
                                                        business       incorporation issued and paid     effective Held by a
                 Name of associates                     structure      and business        up capital     interest subsidiary   Principal activities


                 Jiangsu Qunchuang Wisdom New Material Incorporated    The PRC         RMB620,000,000/     9.68%        9.68%   Research and development, manufacturing
                     Co., Ltd. (“江蘇群創智慧新材料                                              RMB120,000,000                             and sales of new membrane materials
                     有限公司”)

                 Mori-Union Microchannel Industrial     Incorporated   The PRC          RMB10,000,000/    36.00%       36.00%   Research and development of microchannel
                   Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                   RMB1,000,000                              reactors
                   (“上海森聯微通工業裝備有限公司”)

                 An Yi Morimatsu Gao Kun Number One     Incorporated   The PRC          RMB20,200,000/    24.75%       24.75%   Engaged in activities such as equity
                    Venture Capital Fund Partnership                                     RMB20,000,000                             investment and investment management
                    (Limited Partnership)
                    (“安義森松高鯤壹號創業投資
                    基金合夥企業 (有限合夥)”)

               Jiangsu Qunchuang Wisdom New Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Qunchuang”) was established on 1 July 2022
               by Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment with two other investors in China. The registered capital of the company
               is RMB620,000,000. Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment holds 9.68% equity interest of the company, which
               is passively diluted from 20%. The Group still has significant influence over Jiangsu Qunchuang as the Group
               has appointed one director. The capital of RMB60,000,000 from Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment has been
               injected into the company on 22 July 2022, 23 February 2023 and 26 December 2023 respectively.

               Mori-Union Microchannel Industrial Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Mori-Union Microchannel”) was established on 11
               July 2022 by Morimatsu Heavy Industry with three other investors in China. The registered capital of the company is
               RMB10,000,000. Morimatsu Heavy Industry holds 36% equity interest of the company. The capital of RMB360,000
               from Morimatsu Heavy Industry has been injected into the company on 29 August 2022 and 4 September 2023
               respectively.

               An Yi Morimatsu Gao Kun Number One Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“An YI”) was
               established on 30 May 2023 by Morimatsu Heavy Industry with seven partners in China. The registered capital of the
               company is RMB20,200,000. Morimatsu Heavy Industry holds 24.75% equity interest of the company. The capital
               of RMB5,000,000 from Morimatsu Heavy Industry has been injected into the company on 7 July 2023.

               The Group accounts for Jiangsu Qunchuang, Mori-Union Microchannel and An Yi as an investment in associates
               using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements of the Group under applicable financial reporting
               standards.




172        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




14   INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

     Jiangsu Qunchuang, Mori-Union Microchannel and An Yi are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price
     is not available.

     Jiangsu Qunchuang, Mori-Union Microchannel and An Yi are still under start-up process. The total comprehensive
     losses of Jiangsu Qunchuang and An Yi in 2024 are RMB3,455,000 and RMB105,000 (in 2023: RMB4,000
     and RMB2,000), and the net assets of RMB454,533,000 and RMB19,893,000 (2023: RMB119,987,000 and
     RMB19,998,000) are mainly paid up capital. The total comprehensive income of Mori-Union Microchannel in 2024
     is RMB162,000 (in 2023: RMB14,000) and the net asset of RMB1,174,000 (2023: RMB1,012,000) is mainly paid up
     capital.


15   INTEREST IN JOINT VENTURE

     Details of the Group’s interest in the joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in the
     consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

                                                                                              Proportion of
                                                                                            ownership interest
                                          Forms of       Place of         Particulars of    Groups’
                                          business       incorporation issued and paid     effective Held by a
      Name of joint venture               structure      and business        up capital     interest subsidiary     Principal activity


      Morsburn Engineering and Technology Incorporated   The United States     USD2,000     51.00%       51.00%     Providing engineering technology, support and
        LLC                                                                                                            equipment to projects

     Morsburn Engineering and Technology LLC (“Morsburn”) was established on 26 October 2024 by Morimatsu
     Houston Corporation with a joint venturer in the United States.

     The Group accounts for Morsburn as an investment in a joint venture using the equity method in the consolidated
     financial statements of the Group under applicable financial reporting standards, as Morsburn is under joint control.

     Morsburn, the only joint venture in which the Group participates, is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted
     market price is not available. The total comprehensive income of Morsburn in 2024 is nil, and the net assets of
     RMB14,000 is mainly paid up capital.


16   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


      Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                                               15,580                            51,271
      Long-term deferred expense                                                                                  17,521                            14,306


                                                                                                                  33,101                            65,577




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024                  173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      17       INVENTORIES

               (a)     Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Raw materials                                                           304,819                291,809
                         Work in progress                                                        492,424              1,508,657


                                                                                                 797,243              1,800,466


               (b)     The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and
                       included in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Carrying amount of inventories sold                                  4,881,229               5,300,188
                         Write-down of inventories                                               18,313                   5,096
                         Reversal of write-down of inventories                                     (965)                   (726)
                         Recognised in research and development expenses                        171,636                 199,628


                                                                                              5,070,213               5,504,186


                       The reversal of write-down of inventories made in prior years arose due to an increase in the estimated net
                       realisable value as a result of changes in contract prices.


      18       CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

               (a)     Contract assets

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Contract assets
                         Arising from revenue recognised over time                               938,869                866,310


                         Receivables from contracts with customers within the scope
                           of HKFRS 15, which are included in “Trade and other
                           receivables” (Note 19)                                             1,035,842               1,106,792




174        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




18	CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

    (a)	Contract assets (Continued)

          Contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed but not yet
          reached the milestones for billing at the reporting date. The Group’s contracts include payment schedules
          which require stage payments over the delivery period once milestones are reached. Contract assets are
          transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

    (b)   Contract liabilities

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


           Contract liabilities
           Billings in advance of performance                                         1,476,247              2,290,334


          Contract liabilities primarily relate to the consideration received from customers in advance, for which
          revenue is recognised based on the progress of the provision of related services.

                                                                                                             Contract
                                                                                                            liabilities
                                                                                                              RMB’000


           Movement in contract liabilities

           At 1 January 2023                                                                                 2,890,048
           Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year
             that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                     (2,305,474)
           Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of construction and
             manufacturing activities                                                                        1,705,760


           At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                           2,290,334
           Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year
             that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                    (2,000,290)
           Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of construction and
             manufacturing activities                                                                       1,186,203


           At 31 December 2024                                                                              1,476,247




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      19       TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Bills receivable (Note (a)(i))                                                        45,238                  132,887
                 Trade debtors net of loss allowance                                                1,035,842                1,106,792
                 Other debtors                                                                         85,425                   69,389


                 Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                        1,166,505                1,309,068


                 Prepayments                                                                          181,435                  190,304


                                                                                                    1,347,940                1,499,372


               All of the trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense within one year.

               (a)     Transfers of financial assets

                       The Group endorsed bank acceptance bills to its suppliers for settling trade payables of the same amounts on
                       a full recourse basis. All bank acceptance bills had a maturity of less than one year from the issuance date.
                       As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have bill receivable (as at 31 December 2023: nil) pledged.

                       (i)      Transferred financial assets that were derecognised in their entirety

                                The bills accepted by banks with high credit quality were derecognised when they were endorsed.
                                In the opinion of the directors, the Group did not retain substantially all the risks and rewards of
                                ownership of these bills, because the credit risk of the acceptance banks was very low and the
                                Group had transferred out all interest risk of the bills upon endorsement. As the transferees had
                                the practical ability to further endorse or discount the bills, control of these bills were transferred
                                upon endorsement and thus they were derecognised. As at 31 December 2024, bills endorsed and
                                derecognised, but yet reached maturity amounted to RMB213,210,000 (as at 31 December 2023:
                                RMB203,861,000). This represents the Group’s maximum exposure to loss should the acceptance
                                banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. However, non-settlement by those acceptance banks
                                was considered unlikely.

                       (ii)     Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

                                The other bank acceptance bills with a total carrying amount of RMB30,969,000 endorsed by the
                                Group to its suppliers as at 31 December 2024 (as at 31 December 2023: RMB95,520,000) to settle
                                trade payables of the same amounts, were not derecognised. In the opinion of the directors, the
                                Group retained substantially all risks and rewards of these bank acceptance bills, and accordingly, it
                                continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of these bills receivable and the associated liabilities.




176        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




19   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     (b)   Ageing analysis

           As of the end of each reporting period, an ageing analysis of the trade debtors (which are included in trade
           and other receivables), based on the date of invoice and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 3 months                                                            277,753                589,670
            More than 3 months but less than 1 year                                    434,838                369,023
            More than 1 year but less than 2 years                                     273,638                139,423
            More than 2 years                                                           49,613                  8,676


                                                                                    1,035,842               1,106,792


           Trade debtors and bills receivable are mainly due within 30–120 days from the date of invoice. Further details
           on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk rising from trade debtors are set out in Note 29(a).


20   CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
     INFORMATION

     (a)   Cash and bank deposits and restricted cash comprise:

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


            Cash and bank balances                                                  1,477,549               1,609,707
            Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of three
              months or less when acquired                                             947,215                558,975


            Subtotal                                                                2,424,764               2,168,682

            Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of over
              three months when acquired                                               170,684                       —


            Cash and bank deposits                                                  2,595,448               2,168,682
            Restricted cash                                                             3,188                      —


            Total                                                                   2,598,636               2,168,682


           As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have deposits pledged to banks (as at 31 December 2023: nil).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024     177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      20       CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
               INFORMATION (Continued)

               (b)     Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                              Note         2024             2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


                         Profit before taxation                                         911,254          984,334

                         Adjustments for:
                         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment        5(c)      153,237          116,263
                         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                  5(c)       20,248           11,811
                         Amortisation of intangible assets                    5(c)       21,301           17,367
                         Losses on disposal of property, plant and
                           equipment, intangible assets and other long-
                           term assets                                         4            553               377
                         Changes in fair value of financial assets and
                           liabilities                                         4           (854)             (249)
                         Interest income                                       4        (59,987)          (59,765)
                         Net foreign exchange gains                                      (4,811)             (291)
                         Finance costs                                        5(a)       10,448            13,291
                         Share of results of joint venture                    15             —              7,886
                         Share of results of associates                       14            491                 (4)
                         Equity-settled share-based payment expenses          5(b)       60,840            91,688
                         Net realised gains on financial assets measured at
                            fair value through profit or loss                  4        (10,066)          (10,164)

                         Changes in working capital

                         Increase in deferred tax assets                      24         (8,327)            (6,871)
                         (Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities      24         (3,592)            22,235
                         Decrease in inventories                              17      1,003,694           413,262
                         Increase in contract assets                          18        (72,559)           (35,383)
                         Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables   19        144,444          (340,507)
                         Decrease in other non-current assets                             8,068               2,647
                         Decrease in contract liabilities                     18       (861,554)         (599,714)
                         (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables      21       (158,417)            36,769
                         Increase/(decrease) in forward exchange contracts                  172              (1,090)
                         Increase for deferred income                         26          1,614               1,930
                         (Decrease)/increase in provisions                    25           (518)              5,454
                         Increase in restricted cash                          20         (3,188)                 —


                         Net cash flows generated from operating
                          activities                                                  1,152,491          671,276




178        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




20   CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
     INFORMATION (Continued)

     (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                    Bank loans
                                                                     and other          Lease
                                                                   borrowings       liabilities           Total
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                       (Note 22)      (Note 23)


            At 1 January 2023                                           444,233         23,163           467,396


            Changes from financing cash flows:
            Proceeds from bank loans                                    102,999             —            102,999
            Capital element of lease rentals paid                             —         (6,401)            (6,401)
            Interest element of lease rentals paid                            —           (922)              (922)
            Repayment of bank loans                                    (180,000)            —           (180,000)
            Interest paid                                                (13,302)           —            (13,302)


            Total changes from financing cash flows                     (90,303)        (7,323)           (97,626)


            Exchange adjustment                                          (1,216)            —              (1,216)


            Other changes:
            Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
              leases during the period                                       —           2,488             2,488
            Interest expenses (Note 5(a))                                12,369            922            13,291


            Total other changes                                          12,369          3,410            15,779


            At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                      365,083         19,250           384,333




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      20       CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
               INFORMATION (Continued)

               (c)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                                 Bank loans
                                                                                  and other          Lease
                                                                                borrowings       liabilities      Total
                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                    (Note 22)      (Note 23)


                         Changes from financing cash flows:
                         Proceeds from bank loans                                     17,622              —        17,622
                         Capital element of lease rentals paid                             —        (12,943)      (12,943)
                         Interest element of lease rentals paid                            —          (1,948)       (1,948)
                         Repayment of bank loans                                    (165,132)             —     (165,132)
                         Interest paid                                                 (9,482)            —         (9,482)


                         Total changes from financing cash flows                    (156,992)       (14,891)    (171,883)


                         Exchange adjustment                                          (2,406)           683       (1,723)


                         Other changes:
                         Increase in lease liabilities from acquisition of
                           Morimatsu Dialog                                               —          13,659       13,659
                         Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new
                           leases during the period                                       —          61,266       61,266
                         Interest expenses (Note 5(a))                                 8,500          1,948       10,448
                         Termination                                                      —            (306)        (306)


                         Total other changes                                           8,500         76,567       85,067


                         At 31 December 2024                                         214,185         81,609     295,794




180        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




20   CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED CASH AND OTHER CASH FLOW
     INFORMATION (Continued)

     (d)    Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


             Within operating cash flows                                                 43,154                 30,470
             Within financing cash flows                                                 14,891                  7,323


                                                                                         58,045                 37,793


     (e)    Net cash inflow arising from acquisition of a subsidiary

            As the cash consideration of the acquisition of Morimatsu Dialog is nil, the total cash inflow is the cash
            balance of Morimatsu Dialog on the acquisition date, which is RMB121,563,000.

21   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


      Bills payable                                                                    116,775                 26,921
      Trade payables                                                                 1,076,073              1,254,536
      Other payables and accruals                                                      453,735                388,393


      Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                               1,646,583              1,669,850


     As of the end of each reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables (which are included in trade and other
     payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                  638,085                761,296
      More than 3 months but less than 6 months                                        139,691                162,953
      More than 6 months but less than 12 months                                       114,704                173,368
      More than 1 year but less than 2 years                                           121,368                151,868
      More than 2 years                                                                 62,225                  5,051


                                                                                     1,076,073              1,254,536


     No bills payable (as at 31 December 2023: nil) was guaranteed.

     All trade and other payables (including amounts due to related parties) are expected to be settled or recognised as
     income within one year or are repayable on demand.


                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      22       INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

               (a)     The analysis of carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as
                       follows:

                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Current
                           — non-guaranteed bank loans                    87,906          185,524

                         Non-current
                           — non-guaranteed bank loans                   126,279          179,559


                         Interest-bearing borrowings                     214,185          365,083


               (b)     The bank loans and interest-bearing borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Within 1 year or on demand                       87,906          185,524
                         After 1 year but within 2 years                   6,720           10,000
                         After 2 years but within 5 years                119,559          169,559


                                                                         214,185          365,083




182        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




23   LEASE LIABILITIES

     The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of each
     reporting period:

                                                  As at 31 December 2024                As at 31 December 2023
                                                     Present                                Present
                                                 value of the        Total             value of the           Total
                                                   minimum       minimum                 minimum          minimum
                                                        lease        lease                    lease           lease
                                                   payments      payments                payments         payments
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000                 RMB’000         RMB’000


      Within 1 year                                      27,233         30,210               4,312              5,067
      After 1 year but within 2 years                    25,590         27,317               3,336              3,925
      After 2 years but within 5 years                   24,128         25,743               6,035              7,167
      After 5 years                                       4,658          4,889               5,567              5,975


                                                         81,609         88,159             19,250             22,134


      Less: total future interest expenses                               (6,550)                               (2,884)


      Present value of lease liabilities                                81,609                                19,250


24   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

     (a)    Current taxation in the consolidated statements of financial position
            represent:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


              Provision for income tax for the year:

              Balance at 1 January                                                     90,089                 68,467
              Provision for current income tax for the year                           178,371                126,422
              Withholding tax on the profits of the Group’s
                PRC subsidiaries (Note 6(a))                                           14,921                     —
              PRC income tax paid                                                    (174,450)              (104,800)


              Balance at 31 December                                                  108,931                 90,089




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024     183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      24             INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                     (Continued)

                     (b)               Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised

                                       (i)              Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                                        The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of
                                                        financial position and the movements during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                         Depreciation Provisions for
                                                                                           Revaluation allowances warranties,
                                                               Amortisation                of financial in excess of        onerous                                                                                        Expense on
                                                  Accruals and of Intangible   Credit loss assets and the related contract and Provisions for       Deferred Right-of-use         Lease     Deductible             Profit share-based
                                                    provisions        assets   allowance     liabilities depreciation     litigation inventories     income        assets     Liabilities    tax losses     distribution transactions     Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000


      Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
          arising from:
      At 1 January 2023                                 10,619            —         3,431            44       (29,880)       3,944         1,650       7,954            —             —              —                —            —       (2,238)
      Charged/(credited) to profit or loss               2,261            38       (1,062)          (80)      (12,481)         705           475         230        (3,794)        3,739          9,526          (14,921)          —     (15,364)


      At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024            12,880            38        2,369           (36)      (42,361)       4,649         2,125       8,184        (3,794)        3,739          9,526          (14,921)          —     (17,602)
      Effect on deferred tax balances resulting
          from a change in tax rate (Note 6(a))             (47)          —            —             —          2,436            (4)         (12)      (2,893)       2,504        (2,519)         (3,811)             —            —       (4,346)
      Charged/(credited) to profit or loss               1,374            30       17,441          (145)       (3,076)         (49)          (65)         280       (6,708)        6,880         11,883          (13,079)       1,499     16,265


      At 31 December 2024                               14,207            68       19,810          (181)      (43,001)       4,596         2,048       5,571        (7,998)        8,100         17,598          (28,000)       1,499     (5,683)



                                       (ii)             Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                                                                                  2024                                             2023
                                                                                                                                                                               RMB’000                                          RMB’000


                                                           Net deferred tax asset recognised in the consolidated
                                                             statement of financial position                                                                                          22,318                                        13,991
                                                           Net deferred tax liability recognised in the consolidated
                                                             statement of financial position                                                                                       (28,001)                                       (31,593)


                                                                                                                                                                                       (5,683)                                    (17,602)


                     (c)               Deferred tax assets not recognised

                                       In accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 1(t), the Group has not recognised deferred tax
                                       assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of RMB76,003,000 as at 31 December 2024 (as at 31 December
                                       2023: RMB208,139,000) of the Company, Morimatsu China, Morimatsu Engineering, Mori-Biounion
                                       Technology and Shandong Keda as it is not probable that foreseeable future taxable profits against which
                                       the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity before they expire. The
                                       deductible tax loss of Morimatsu Engineering expires within 10 years. The deductible tax losses of the
                                       remaining entities incorporated in Mainland China expire within 5 years from the year when such losses were
                                       incurred under current tax law.




184          Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




24   INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (Continued)

     (d)    Deferred tax assets recognised

            Morimatsu LifeSciences and Morimatsu Biotechnology recognised the deferred tax assets in respect of
            cumulative tax losses of RMB117,323,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB38,105,000).

     (e)    Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

            At 31 December 2024, temporary differences relating to undistributed profits of the subsidiaries
            amounted to RMB2,368,339,000 (as at 31 December 2023: RMB2,132,223,000). Deferred tax liabilities of
            RMB236,834,000 (as at 31 December 2023: RMB213,222,000) have not been recognised in respect of the
            tax that would be payable on the distribution of these retained profits as the Company controls the dividend
            policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits would not be
            distributed to the Company in the foreseeable future.


25   PROVISIONS

                                                                    Provision
                                                   Warranty       for onerous               Sales
                                                   provision          contract         allowance              Total
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


      At 1 January 2024                               30,750                154                 —              30,904
      Additional provisions made                      13,039                (37)               118             13,120
      Provisions utilised                            (13,638)                —                  —             (13,638)


      At 31 December 2024                             30,151                117                118            30,386


     Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements, the Group will rectify any product defects arising within 18
     months of the date of sales. Provision is therefore made for the best estimate of the expected settlement under
     these agreements in respect of sales made within the 18 months prior to the end of the each reporting period. The
     amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent experience and is only made where a warranty claim is
     probable.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      26       DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Government grants                                                                45,978                 44,364


               Government grants are related to assets those are obtained by the Group for the purposes of purchase, construction
               or acquisition of the long-term assets.


      27       EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

               The Company has a share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”) which was adopted on 1 July
               2020 whereby the directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees and directors of
               the Group, to take up options at HKD1.00 for each acceptance of the share offer. The vesting period of five years
               started after one year from the listing date (28 June 2021) and are then exercisable within a period of five years.
               Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the Company and is settled gross in
               shares.

               As at 1 July 2020, the Company has conditionally granted options to subscribe for an aggregate of 132,380,000
               ordinary shares to 27 participants (including employees and directors of the Group) in consideration of an option
               price of HKD0.0001 for each acceptance of an offer of options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

               The Group recognised an expense of RMB36,477,000 in the year ended 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023:
               RMB60,982,000), which is by reference to the fair value of the options granted on the measurement date (also
               referred as “grant date” herein), and will recognise relevant cost for services received over the remaining vesting
               periods, in administrative expenses and capital reserve, respectively.

               In the year ended 31 December 2024, options to subscribe for an aggregate of 10,406,653 ordinary shares were
               exercised (in the year ended 31 December 2023: 7,956,419).

               The Group has a Restricted Share Units Scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) which was adopted on 15 December 2021
               whereby 29,459,700 restricted share units (“RSU”) were granted to 149 qualified employees on 5 January 2022.
               The vesting period of three years started after one year from 5 January 2022 and are then exercisable within a
               period of three years. Each RSU gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the Group at the
               purchase price of HKD4.17.

               The Group recognised an expense of RMB12,826,000 in the year ended 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023:
               RMB30,706,000), which is by reference to the fair value of the RSUs on the grant date, and will recognise relevant
               cost for services received over the remaining vesting periods, in administrative expenses and capital reserve,
               respectively.

               9,269,100 RSUs were vested in the year ended 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: 9,406,800), and no RSUs
               were exercised in the year ended 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: 9,406,800).




186        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




27   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment, the subsidiary of the Group, has a Restricted Share Scheme (the “RS
     Scheme”) which was adopted on 30 September 2024 whereby 12,868,710 restricted shares (“RS”) were granted
     to 16 qualified employees on 30 September 2024, at the exercise price of RMB2 per RS. The RSs vest under one of
     the following two approaches:

     •      26% of the RSs which granted with a three-year service period, vest after three years from 1 January 2025,
            and are exercisable after vested.

     •      62% of the RSs which granted with a six-year service period and subject to non-market performance
            condition, vest after six years from 1 January 2025, and are exercisable after vested.

     •      12% of the RSs which granted with a six-year service period and subject to non-market performance
            condition, are exercisable from 1 January 2032, one year after vested.

     The Group recognised an expense of RMB11,537,000 in the year ended 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023:
     nil), which is by reference to the fair value of the ordinary shares on the grant date, and will recognise relevant cost
     for services received over the remaining vesting periods, in administrative expenses and capital reserve, respectively.

     (a)    The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                         Number of the                                                  Contractual
                                                            Company’s                                               life of options/      Fair value at
              Type of scheme         Grant date            instruments     Vesting conditions                      ordinary shares      the grant date


              Pre-IPO Share Option   At 1 July 2020          132,380,000   20% at any time after the first,               5.99 years           RMB2.29
                 Scheme                                                      second, third, fourth and fifth
                                                                             anniversary of the listing date
              RSU Scheme             At 5 January 2022        29,459,700   33% at any time after the first,               3.02 years           RMB4.06
                                                                             second and third anniversary of
                                                                             the grant date

                                                              Number of
                                                             Morimatsu
                                                         Pharmaceutical                                                 Contractual
                                                           Equipment’s                                              life of options/      Fair value at
              Type of scheme         Grant date             instruments    Vesting conditions                      ordinary shares      the grant date


              RS Scheme              At 30 September          12,868,710   For 26% of the RSs, 100% at any                3.26 years/        RMB17.98
                                        2024                                  time after the third anniversary             6.26 years
                                                                              of the grant date; for the 74%
                                                                              of the RSs, 100% at any time
                                                                              after the sixth anniversary of the
                                                                              grant date, respectively




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024          187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      27       EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

               (b)     The number of instruments are as follows:

                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2024       Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                     Pre-IPO Share                  Pre-IPO Share
                                                                    Option Scheme     RSU Scheme   Option Scheme        RSU Scheme


                         Outstanding at the beginning of the year     106,180,893     18,538,200    114,137,312         28,220,400
                         Granted during the year                               —              —               —                  —
                         Exercised during the year                    (10,406,653)            —       (7,956,419)        (9,406,800)
                         Forfeited during the year                             —              —               —            (275,400)


                         Outstanding at the end of the year            95,774,240     18,538,200    106,180,893         18,538,200


                         Exercisable at the end of the year            43,954,240      9,269,100      28,450,893                 —


                                                                                                                     Year ended
                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                                      RS Scheme


                         Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                             —
                         Granted during the year                                                                      12,868,710
                         Exercised during the year                                                                            —
                         Forfeited during the year                                                                            —


                         Outstanding at the end of the year                                                           12,868,710


                         Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                     —


                       The outstanding options of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme at 31 December 2024 had an exercise price of
                       HKD0.0001 and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 1.49 years (2023: 2.49 years).

                       The outstanding RSUs of RSU Scheme at 31 December 2024 had an exercise price of HKD4.17 and a
                       weighted average remaining contractual life of 0.02 years (2023: 1.02 years).

                       Subject to the related conditions, none of the RSs of RS Scheme is outstanding at 31 December 2024. The
                       weighted average remaining contractual life of RS Scheme is 5.23 years.




188        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




27   EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (c)   Measurement of fair values

           (i)   Fair value of share options and RSUs and assumptions

                 The fair value of services received in return for share options and RSUs granted is measured by
                 reference to the fair value of share options and RSUs granted. The estimate of the fair value of the
                 share options and RSUs granted is measured based on a binomial model. The contractual life of the
                 share option and RSUs is used as an input into this model.

                 Fair value of share options and RSUs and assumptions

                                                                            Pre-IPO Share
                                                                           Option Scheme              RSU Scheme


                  Fair value at measurement date                                    RMB2.29                 RMB4.06
                  Exercise price                                                   HK$0.0001                HK$4.17
                  Expected volatility (expressed as weighted average
                    volatility used in the modelling under binomial
                    option pricing model)                                             51.55%                 50.00%
                  Time to maturity (expressed as weighted average life
                    used in the modelling under binomial option pricing
                    model)                                                        10.54 years             4.94 years
                  Expected dividends                                                  0.00%                  0.00%
                  Risk-free interest rate (based on Exchange Fund Notes)              2.83%                  1.25%

                 Volatility was based on historical volatilities of the comparable companies in the same industry for a
                 period of remaining contractual life, adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on
                 publicly available information. Expected dividends are based on historical dividends. Changes in the
                 subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

                 Share options and RSUs were granted under a service condition. This condition has not been taken
                 into account in the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market
                 conditions associated with the share option and RSU grants.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      27       EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

               (c)     Measurement of fair values (Continued)

                       (ii)     Fair value of RSs and assumptions

                                The fair value of services received in return for restricted shares granted is measured by reference
                                to the fair value of restricted shares granted. Discounted cash flow method was used to determine
                                the underlying equity fair value of the Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment, the subsidiary of the
                                Company, based on which, the fair value of per underlying share was calculated considering total
                                number of shares.

                                Fair value of RSs and assumptions

                                                                                                                   Year ended
                                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                                                    RS Scheme


                                  Fair value at measurement date                                                     RMB17.98
                                  Exercise price                                                                      RMB2.00
                                  Discount rate                                                                        12.50%
                                  Terminal growth rate                                                                  2.30%
                                  Terminal value                                                              RMB1,569,882,000

                                The discount rate is based on the weighted average cost of capital with cost of equity calculated
                                under the Capital Asset Pricing Model and after-tax cost of debt. The terminal growth rates are
                                estimated by reference to the long-term expected inflation rate. Terminal values are based on the
                                expected lives of assets, the forecasted life cycles and forecasted cash flows over that period.




190        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28   CAPITAL AND RESERVES

     (a)   Movements in components of equity

           The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
           consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in
           the Company’s equity between the beginning and the end of the reporting period are set out below:

                                                                                                                 Exchange      Retained
            The Company                                         Share capital Treasury stock Capital reserve       reserve     earnings     Total equity
                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                    Note 28(b)                                    Note 28(c)


            Balance at 1 January 2023                                643,657          (36,580)       695,023         (2,536)    (125,324)      1,174,240


            Changes in equity for the year ended
                31 December 2023
            Profit for the year                                           —                —              —              —      215,633          215,633
            Allotment of shares (Note 28(b)(i))                      567,206               —              —              —           —           567,206
            Other comprehensive income for the year                       —                —              —          25,531          —            25,531
            Equity-settled share-based transactions (Note 27)             —                —          91,688             —           —            91,688
            Issuance and repurchase of ordinary shares to the
                Company (Note 28(b)(ii))                              37,110          (37,110)             —             —            —               —
            Exercise of share option (Note 28(b)(iv))                 54,778           34,746         (55,467)           —            —           34,057


            Total change for the year                                659,094           (2,364)        36,221         25,531     215,633          934,115


            Balance at 31 December 2023 and
               1 January 2024                                       1,302,751         (38,944)       731,244         22,995      90,309        2,108,355


            Changes in equity for the year ended
                31 December 2024
            Profit for the year                                           —                —             —              —       265,240         265,240
            Other comprehensive income for the year                       —                —             —           5,108           —            5,108
            Profit distribution                                           —                —             —              —      (110,810)       (110,810)
            Equity-settled share-based transactions (Note 27)             —                —         50,845             —            —           50,845
            Issuance and repurchase of ordinary shares
                to the Company (Note 28(b)(ii))                       32,074         (32,074)              —             —            —               —
            Repurchase of ordinary shares to the Company
                (Note 28(b)(iii))                                         —          (15,220)              —             —            —         (15,220)
            Cancellation of ordinary shares to the Company
                (Note 28(b)(iii))                                     (7,535)          7,535              —              —            —               —
            Exercise of share option (Note 28(b)(iv))                 23,839               1         (23,839)            —            —               1


            Total change for the year                                 48,378         (39,758)        27,006          5,108      154,430         195,164


            Balance at 31 December 2024                            1,351,129         (78,702)       758,250         28,103      244,739       2,303,519


                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024          191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      28       CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

               (b)     Share capital

                                                                              2024                            2023
                                                                        No. of                           No. of
                                                                        shares                           shares
                                                                         (’000)    RMB’000               (’000)       RMB’000


                         Ordinary shares, issued and fully
                            paid:
                         At 1 January                                1,190,092      1,302,751        1,073,796         643,657
                         Allotment of shares (Note 28(b)(i))                —              —            80,000         567,206
                         Issuance and repurchase of ordinary
                            shares to the Company (Note 28(b)(ii))      33,083          32,074          36,296          37,110
                         Cancellation of ordinary shares to the
                            Company (Note 28(b)(iii))                   (1,592)         (7,535)              —               —
                         Exercise of share option and RSUs (Note
                            28(b)(iv))                                       —          23,839               —          54,778


                         At 31 December                              1,221,583      1,351,129        1,190,092       1,302,751


                       In accordance with section 135 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the ordinary shares of the
                       Company do not have a par value.

                       (i)      Allotment of shares under the subscription

                                On 4 January 2023, the Board approved that a total of 80,000,000 ordinary shares will be allotted
                                and issued on 12 January 2023 as fully paid for cash at HKD8.30 per share. The net proceeds
                                (after deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company) amount to approximately
                                RMB567,206,000.

                       (ii)     Issuance and repurchase of ordinary shares to the Company

                                The Company issued and repurchased 24,778,000 ordinary shares at HKD1.208 per share for
                                exercise of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on 3 June 2024 (26,476,000 ordinary shares at HKD0.6621
                                on 1 June 2023).

                                The Company issued and repurchased 8,305,200 ordinary shares at HKD4.17 per share for exercise
                                of RSU Scheme on 22 November 2024 (9,819,900 ordinary shares at HKD4.17 on 23 November
                                2023).

                                The cost of the treasury shares which were repurchased for the purposes of equity settled
                                share-based transactions is in the amount of RMB32,074,000 in 2024 (2023: RMB37,110,000).




192        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28   CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (b)   Share capital (Continued)

           (iii)   Repurchase and cancellation of ordinary shares to the Company

                   The Company repurchased a total of 3,666,000 ordinary shares at a price ranging from HKD3.55 to
                   HKD6.18 per share during year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: nil), of which 1,592,000 ordinary
                   shares were cancelled.

                   The cost of treasury shares repurchased for the purpose of enhancing the net asset value per share
                   and earnings per share is RMB15,220,000 in 2024 (2023: nil), among which RMB7,535,000 is
                   cancelled in 2024 (2023: nil).

           (iv)    Exercise of share option and RSU

                   The option to subscribe for an aggregate of 10,406,635 ordinary shares, which grant date fair
                   value is RMB2.29, were exercised in 2024 at the exercise price of RMB1,000. RMB23,839,000 was
                   transferred from the capital reserve to the share capital account in accordance with policy set out in
                   Note 1(s)(ii).

                   The option to subscribe for an aggregate of 7,956,419 ordinary shares, which grant date fair
                   value is RMB2.29, were exercised in 2023 at the exercise price of RMB1,000. RMB18,226,000 was
                   transferred from the capital reserve to the share capital account in accordance with policy set out in
                   Note 1(s)(ii).

                   9,269,100 RSUs were vested, and no RSUs were exercised in 2024.

                   9,327,555 RSUs were vested and exercised at the exercise price of RMB34,056,000 in 2023.
                   RMB37,241,000 was transferred from the capital reserve to the share capital account in accordance
                   with policy set out in Note 1(s)(ii).

     (c)   Exchange reserve

           The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
           statements of foreign operations as well as the effective portion of any foreign exchange differences arising
           from hedges of the net investment in these foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with
           the accounting policies set out in Note 1(w).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      28       CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

               (d)     PRC statutory reserve

                       Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations and the articles of
                       association of the companies comprising the Group which are incorporated in the PRC.

                       In accordance with the PRC Company Law, a subsidiary of the Group which is domestic enterprise is required
                       to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting
                       standards, to its respective statutory reserves until the reserves reach 50% of its respective registered capital.
                       For the entity concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and
                       may be converted into capital in proportion to the existing equity interests of investors, provided that the
                       balance of the reserve after such conversion is not less than 25% of the entity’s registered capital. The
                       statutory reserve can be utilised in setting off accumulated losses or increasing capital of the subsidiaries and
                       is non-distributable other than in liquidation.

               (e)     Dividends

                       During the year ended 31 December 2024, HKD0.1 per ordinary share, HKD121,328,000 (equivalent to
                       RMB110,810,000) was distributed and paid (31 December 2023: Nil).

                       The total amount of dividends proposed after the end of the reporting period of HKD0.15 per ordinary
                       share is HKD182,926,000. The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been
                       recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

               (f)     Capital reserve

                       The capital reserve comprises the following:

                       —        Under PRC rules and regulations, capital reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation and
                                may be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary shares by the issuance of new
                                shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of
                                the shares currently held by the shareholders; and

                       —        The portion of the grant date fair value of unexercised share options granted to employees of
                                the Company that has been recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for
                                share-based payments in Note 1(s)(ii).

               (g)     Other reserve

                       Other reserve mainly represented the differences between the considerations paid and the relevant carrying
                       value of net assets of the subsidiaries acquired, after eliminating the internal transaction, arising from the
                       completion of acquisition of equity interest of Morimatsu Houston Corporation on 28 February 2022.




194        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28   CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (h)   Capital management

           The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
           as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
           stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access
           to finance at a reasonable cost.

           The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
           the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
           and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
           changes in economic conditions.

           The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio. For this
           purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total debt (which includes interest-bearing loans and borrowings,
           and lease liabilities), less cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Adjusted capital comprises all
           components of equity.

           During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group’s strategy was to maintain the adjusted net
           debt-to-capital ratio at a range considered reasonable by management. In order to maintain or adjust the
           ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, return capital
           to shareholders, raise new debt financing or sell assets to reduce debt.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      28       CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

               (h)     Capital management (Continued)

                       The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-capital ratios at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                            Note                2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Current liabilities:
                         Interest-bearing borrowings                         22                87,906                  185,524
                         Lease liabilities                                   23                27,233                    4,312

                         Non-current liabilities:
                         Interest-bearing borrowings                         22               126,279                  179,559
                         Lease liabilities                                   23                54,376                   14,938


                         Total debt                                                           295,794                  384,333

                         Less: Cash and bank deposits                       20(a)          (2,595,448)            (2,168,682)
                         Less: Restricted cash                              20(a)              (3,188)                    —


                         Adjusted net debt                                                 (2,302,842)            (1,784,349)


                         Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
                           of the Company                                                   5,048,359             4,382,491


                         Adjusted capital                                                   5,048,359             4,382,491


                         Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                              no net debt             no net debt


                       Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements
                       throughout the reporting period.




196        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS

     Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks arise in the normal course of the Group’s business.

     The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
     manage these risks are described below.

     (a)    Credit risk

            Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
            financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables and contract
            assets. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and bank deposits, restricted cash and bills
            receivable is limited because the counterparties are banks, for which the Group considers to have low credit
            risk.

            The Group also provide, through banking facilities, performance guarantees as required by its customers
            under normal course of business. Other than the above, the Group does not provide any other guarantees
            which would expose the Group to credit risk.

            Trade receivables and contract assets

            The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk in industries or countries in which the customers
            operate. Significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to
            individual customers. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, 0.25% and 8% of the total trade receivables and
            contract assets was due from the Group’s largest customer, 9% and 22% of the total trade receivables and
            contract assets was due from the Group’s five largest customers respectively.

            Individual credit evaluations are performed on customers who have high credit risk. These evaluations focus
            on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into
            account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the
            customer operates. Trade receivables are mainly due within 30 days from the date of invoice. Normally, the
            Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

            The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime
            ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not
            indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on
            past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

            In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available
            without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecast of
            future economic conditions.

            Loss allowances for trade receivables are measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these
            financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
            adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast
            general economic conditions at the reporting date.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      29       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
               INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

               (a)     Credit risk (Continued)

                       Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                       During the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there was no significant change in the customer base,
                       the credit risk of customers, the Group’s credit policy, the economic conditions and the Group’s view of
                       economic conditions over the expected lives of receivables.

                       The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                       receivables and contract assets as at 31 December 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                      31 December 2024
                                                                  Expected loss         Gross carrying
                                                                           rate               amount   Loss allowance
                                                                             %               RMB’000         RMB’000


                         Current (not past due)                      0.01%~5%                 1,288,327             (27,094)
                         0–3 months past due                         0.01%~5%                   188,035              (7,383)
                         4–6 months past due                      0.03%~9.39%                   171,418              (4,806)
                         7–12 months past due                        0.05%~5%                   162,737              (4,015)
                         1–2 year past due                         0.13%~100%                   237,412             (29,920)


                                                                                              2,047,929             (73,218)

                         Customers with high credit risk                    100%                 54,347             (54,347)


                                                                                              2,102,276            (127,565)


                                                                                       31 December 2023
                                                                                           Gross carrying
                                                                 Expected loss rate              amount        Loss allowance
                                                                                 %             RMB’000               RMB’000


                         Current (not past due)                   0.00% ~ 0.01%                1,259,816                  (45)
                         0–3 months past due                      0.01% ~ 0.03%                  373,524                  (68)
                         4–6 months past due                      0.02% ~ 0.05%                  183,995                  (71)
                         7–12 months past due                     0.06% ~ 0.19%                   84,678                  (84)
                         1–2 year past due                         0.19% ~ 100%                   73,637               (2,280)


                                                                                               1,975,650               (2,548)

                         Customers with high credit risk                    100%                   8,781               (8,781)


                                                                                               1,984,431             (11,329)




198        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    (a)	Credit risk (Continued)

         Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

         Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past two years. These rates are adjusted to
         reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been
         collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the
         receivables.

         Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during the year
         is as follows:

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


          Balance at 1 January                                                        11,329                  18,373

          Effect of acquisition of Shandong Keda                                        495                       —
          Amounts written off during the year                                          (603)                  (6,183)
          Impairment losses recognised during the year                              118,983                    3,764
          Impairment losses reversed during the year                                 (2,639)                  (4,625)


          Balance at 31 December                                                    127,565                   11,329


         The following significant changes in the gross carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets
         contributed to the increase in the loss allowance:

         —      origination of new trade receivables net of those settled resulted in an increase in loss allowance of
                RMB5,980,000 (2023: RMB169,000);

         —      settlement of trade receivables originated from prior years resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of
                RMB1,180,000 (2023: RMB5,563,000);

         —      increase in days past due over resulted in an increase in loss allowance of RMB111,544,000 (2023:
                RMB4,533,000); and

         —      a write-off of trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of RMB603,000 (2023:
                RMB10,808,000) resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of RMB603,000 (2023: RMB6,183,000).




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024     199
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




  29       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
           INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           (b)     Liquidity risk

                   The Group has to maintain a suitable level of liquidity to finance the daily operation, capital expenditure
                   and repayment of borrowings. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and
                   its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and readily
                   realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to
                   meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

                   The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the reporting period of the Group’s
                   non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
                   payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
                   period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                                       As at 31 December 2024
                                                                        Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                               More than
                                                            Within 1 year 1 year but less       More than                            Carrying
                                                    Note   or on demand      than 5 years           5 year                 Total      amount
                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000                 RMB’000     RMB’000


                     Interest-bearing borrowings     22           92,325             132,433                   —           224,758     214,185
                     Trade and other payables        21        1,646,583                  —                    —         1,646,583   1,646,583
                     Lease liabilities               23           30,210              53,060                4,889           88,159      81,609


                                                               1,769,118             185,493                4,889        1,959,500   1,942,377


                                                                                                As at 31 December 2023
                                                                              Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                                     More than
                                                              Within 1 year     1 year but less           More than                    Carrying
                                                    Note     or on demand          than 5 years              5 year          Total     amount
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


                     Interest-bearing borrowings     22           195,748             193,843                  —           389,591     365,083
                     Trade and other payables        21         1,669,850                  —                   —         1,669,850   1,669,850
                     Lease liabilities               23             5,067              11,092               5,975           22,134      19,250


                                                                1,870,665             204,935               5,975        2,081,575   2,054,183




200    Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                          As at 31 December 2024          As at 31 December 2023
                                         Contractual undiscounted      Contractual undiscounted cash
                                           cash (outflow)/inflow              (outflow)/inflow
                                       Within 1 year                    Within 1 year
                                       or on demand            Total   or on demand              Total
                                            RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


            Forward foreign exchange
              contracts:
            — outflow                        (56,591)       (56,591)              —                 —
            — inflow                          56,034         56,034               —                 —


            Monetary fund:
            — inflow                         396,598        396,598          59,149            59,149




                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    201
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   29       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
            INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (c)     Interest rate risk

                    Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
                    because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from long-term
                    borrowings. 57% of the borrowings of the Group are fixed rate instruments and are insensitive to any
                    change in market interest rate.

                    The Group actively monitors the interest rate fluctuation to ensure that its net exposure is kept to an
                    acceptable level.

                    (i)      Interest rate profile

                             The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings at the end of the
                             reporting period.

                                                                           As at 31 December 2024              As at 31 December 2023
                                                                         Interest rate                       Interest rate
                                                                                    %         RMB’000                   %           RMB’000


                             Fixed rate borrowings:
                             Interest-bearing borrowings                 2.3%–3.21%            87,789     3.88%–4.40%              100,428
                             Lease liabilities                          0.00%–6.68%            81,609     0.00%–4.90%               19,250


                             Total fixed rate borrowings                                      169,398                              119,678


                             Variable rate borrowings
                             Interest-bearing borrowings             5-year LPR-0.57%         126,396   5-year LPR-0.57%           179,759
                                                                                                           5.36%–7.25%              84,896


                             Total variable rate borrowings                                   126,396                              264,655


                             Fixed rate borrowings as a percentage
                                of total borrowings                                              57%                                  31%


                    (ii)     Sensitivity analysis

                             At 31 December 2024, it is estimated that a general increase of 5% basis points in interest rates,
                             with all other variables held constant, would have decreased the Group’s profit after tax and retained
                             profits by approximately RMB5,372,000 (2023: RMB10,285,000). A 5% decrease of interest rate
                             would have had the equal but opposite effect on them to the amounts shown above.




202     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (d)   Currency risk

           (i)   Exposure to currency risk

                 The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to
                 receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency
                 other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The currencies
                 giving rise to this risk are primarily Euros, United States dollars, Japanese Yen, Hong Kong dollar,
                 Renminbi and Singapore Dollar. The Group may also use forward foreign exchange contracts to
                 manage currency risk. As at 31 December 2024, the effect of forward foreign exchange contracts is
                 not material to the Group.

                 The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                 arising from recognised assets denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the
                 entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in
                 RMB, translated using the spot rate at each year end date. Differences resulting from the translation
                 of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency is excluded.

                                                       Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB’000)
                                                                      As at 31 December 2024
                                                     USD        EUR          JPY        HKD         RMB                  SGD


                  Cash and bank deposits        1,108,477      93,544         16,824             23           2,150    6,811
                  Trade and other receivables     108,992      14,654            284             —               —        —
                  Intercompany receivables/
                     (payables), net               1,620      (14,104)        (1,250)             —      274,888          —
                  Contract assets                378,262       17,265             —               —           —           —
                  Interest-bearing borrowings         —            —              —               —      (79,283)         —
                  Trade and other payables       (38,572)     (17,891)        (3,031)             —         (581)       (560)


                  Net balance sheet exposure    1,558,779      93,468         12,827             23      197,174       6,251


                                                      Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB’000)
                                                                     As at 31 December 2023
                                                     USD            EUR            JPY           HKD            RMB      SGD


                  Cash and bank deposits        1,214,806      117,895        24,401         34,346              88     1,976
                  Trade and other receivables     126,399        8,997           445             —               —         —
                  Intercompany receivables/
                     (payables), net               12,422         (141)        (2,049)            —       149,210        (545)
                  Contract assets                 190,573       38,711             —              —            —           —
                  Interest-bearing borrowings          —            —              —              —      (100,429)         —
                  Trade and other payables        (24,514)     (21,271)        (3,319)            —          (389)         —


                  Net balance sheet exposure    1,519,686      144,191        19,478         34,346           48,480    1,431




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      203
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   29       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
            INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (d)     Currency risk (Continued)

                    (ii)     Sensitivity analysis

                             The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained
                             profits) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates
                             to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at
                             that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that
                             the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially
                             unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other currencies.

                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                      2024                                 2023
                                                                              Increase/
                                                             Increase/      (decrease)                                Increase/
                                                            decrease)          in profit            Increase/     (decrease) in
                                                           in foreign         after tax           (decrease)    profit after tax
                                                            exchange      and retained             in foreign     and retained
                                                                  rate           profits      exchange rate              profits
                                                                    %         RMB’000                      %          RMB’000


                               USD                                    2           26,380                   2            25,731
                               EUR                                    5            3,835                   6             7,220
                               JYP                                    5              530                   5               803
                               HKD                                    5                1                   2               515
                               RMB                                    5            8,233                   5             2,024
                               SGD                                    5              262                   5                49




204     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (e)   Fair value measurement

           (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

                 Fair value hierarchy

                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end
                 of each reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy
                 as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is
                 classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the
                 valuation technique as follows:

                 •             Level 1 valuations:                 Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
                                                                   prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                                                                   measurement date.

                 •             Level 2 valuations:                 Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which
                                                                   fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
                                                                   Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not
                                                                   available.

                 •             Level 3 valuations:                 Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                        Fair value measurements
                                                      Fair value         as at 31 December 2024                                          Significant    Relationship of
                                                at 31 December              categorised ratio              Valuation technique(s)      unobservable       unobservable
                                                            2024      Level 1      Level 2    Level 3            and key input(s)           input(s) inputs to fair value
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000

                 Recurring fair value
                   measurements
                 Financial Assets
                 Unlisted equity securities-A            10,900           —           —      10,900           Market approach Volatility Discount   The higher the
                                                                                                                                       for lack of   unobservable
                                                                                                                                   marketability inputs, the higher
                                                                                                                                                     the fair value
                 Unlisted equity securities-B             2,413           —          —        2,413              Historical cost              N/A               N/A
                 Monetary fund*                         396,598           —     396,598          —      Open market transaction               N/A               N/A
                                                                                                                           price

                 Financial Liabilities
                 Forward exchange contracts                (557)          —        (557)          —          Discounted cash flow                N/A                 N/A
                                                                                                              — Future cash flows
                                                                                                              are estimated based
                                                                                                           on observable forward
                                                                                                               exchange rates and
                                                                                                        contracted forward rates,
                                                                                                         discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                         reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                                           various counterparties


                 *             As of 31 December 2024, the monetary fund is the structured deposits and short-term wealth management
                               products held by the Group which amounting to RMB396,598,000. The total size of the monetary funds
                               managed by China Zheshang Bank Co., LTD., Bank of Communications and Agricultural Bank of China
                               is RMB196,267,000, RMB170,222,000 and RMB30,109,000 respectively with expected interest rate of
                               1.3%~2.3%.




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024                205
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   29       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
            INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

            (e)     Fair value measurement (Continued)

                    (i)      Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)

                             Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                              Fair value measurements
                                                            Fair value        as at 31 December 2023                             Valuation          Significant        Relationship of
                                                     at 31 December                categorised ratio                      technique(s) and        unobservable           unobservable
                                                                 2023      Level 1        Level 2      Level 3                 key input(s)            input(s)     inputs to fair value
                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

                              Recurring fair value
                                measurements

                              Financial Assets
                              Unlisted equity                 10,100           —             —         10,100        Backsolve from recent    Volatility Discount       The higher the
                                 securities-A                                                                             transaction price            for lack of unobservable inputs,
                                                                                                                                                   marketability the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                                                                  value
                              Monetary fund*                  59,149           —         59,149            — Open market transaction price                    N/A                  N/A


                             *           As of 31 December 2023, the monetary fund is the short-term wealth management products held by the Group
                                         which amounting to RMB59,149,000. The total size of the monetary funds managed by Agricultural Bank of
                                         China is RMB 59,149,000 with expected interest rate of 1.75%~3.0%.


                             During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and
                             Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                             of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

                             Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

                             The fair value of forward exchange contracts in Level 2 is the estimated amount that the Group
                             would receive or pay to transfer the contract at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
                             current forward price which is derived from Standard Chartered Bank.

                             The fair value of monetary fund in Level 2 is the estimated amount that the Group would receive or
                             pay to transfer the financial assets at the end of the reporting period, taking into account current
                             interest rates which is derived from China Zheshang Bank Co., LTD., Agricultural Bank of China and
                             Bank of Communications.




206     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




29   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
     INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (e)   Fair value measurement (Continued)

           (i)    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)

                  Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                  The unlisted equity securities-A in level 3 is shares in Lab Direct China Limited. Lab Direct China
                  Limited is a company incorporated in Shanghai and engaged in provision of one-stop integrated
                  procurement and supply services for life science industry.

                  Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 6 June 2022, the Group invested RMB10,000,000 to
                  obtain 1.75% equity interest of Lab Direct China Limited. The Group categorized its investment in
                  Lab Direct China Limited as FVPL. No dividends were received on this investment during the year
                  (2023: nil).

                  The fair value of the investment is determined by the market approach as at 31 December 2024 (as
                  at 31 December 2023: backsolve method from recent transaction price).

                  The unlisted equity securities-B in level 3 is shares in 3DC Inc.. 3DC Inc. is a company incorporated in
                  Japan and engaged in development and manufacturing of carbon materials.

                  Pursuant to the written resolution dated on 16 January 2024, the Group invested JPY49,999,992
                  (equivalent to RMB2,413,000) to obtain 2.82% equity interest of 3DC Inc. The Group categorized its
                  investment in 3DC Inc. as FVPL. No dividends were received on this investment during the year.

                  As of 31 December 2024, considering the last equity financing within one year and the operating
                  of 3DC Inc. without any significant change, the fair value of the unlisted equity securities could be
                  measured by the historical cost of investment.

           (ii)   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

                  The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                  materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   207
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




   30       COMMITMENTS

            (a)     Capital commitments

                                                            As at 31 December
                                                               2024             2023
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Authorised but not contracted for       97,520          203,906
                      — Commitments for the joint venture         —           175,656

                      Contracted for but not provided for   136,311           106,728


                                                            233,831           310,634


            (b)     Operating lease commitments

                                                            As at 31 December
                                                               2024             2023
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Operating lease commitments               747            52,354
                      — Commitments for related parties          —             51,774


                      Within 1 year                             747            52,354




208     Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     (a)   Name and relationship with related parties

           During the reporting period, transactions with the following parties are considered as related party
           transactions:

            Name of party                                                                                    Relationship


            Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd. (Prior named as “Morimatsu                                    Controlling Shareholder
              Holdings Co., Ltd.”)
            Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (Prior named as “Morimatsu                                         Parent company
              Industry Company Limited”)
            Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                Fellow subsidiary
            Morsburn Engineering and Technology LLC                                                             Joint venture
            Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD.                                  Joint venture (until 31 December 2023)
              (“Morimatsu Dialog”)
            Dialog Corporate SDN. BHD.                                             Company controlled by non-controlling
                                                                                         interests (from 1 January 2024)
            Dialog Construction SDN. BHD.                                          Company controlled by non-controlling
                                                                                         interests (from 1 January 2024)
            Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                                                 Company controlled by non-controlling
                                                                                         interests (from 1 January 2024)
            Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                                           Company controlled by non-controlling
                                                                                         interests (from 1 January 2024)
            Terumoto Matsuhisa                                                                  Members of director and
                                                                                             key management personnel
            Jungo Hirazawa                                                                      Members of director and
                                                                                             key management personnel
            Hirotaka Kawashima                                                                  Members of director and
                                                                                             key management personnel
            Koei Nishimatsu                                                                     Members of director and
                                                                                             key management personnel
            Weihua Tang                                                                         Members of director and
                                                                                             key management personnel
            Ye Sheng                                                                            Members of director and
                                                                                             key management personnel

           Note:   The English translation of the above company names is for reference only. The official names of the companies
                   established in the PRC are in Chinese.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      31       MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

               (b)     Key management personnel remuneration

                       Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
                       directors as disclosed in Note 7 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in Note 8, is as
                       follows:

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000


                         Short-term employee benefits                                           14,784                13,144
                         Equity compensation benefits                                           20,002                24,160


                                                                                                34,786                37,304


                       Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 5(b)).




210        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (c)   Related party transactions

                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


               Lease expense
               Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.                                     52,317                  54,508
               Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                                                         4,424                      —


                                                                                                   56,741                  54,508


               Outsourcing service income
               Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                            412                     580


                                                                                                       412                     580


               Sales of Product
               Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                                                              10,205                       —
               Morimatsu Dialog*                                                                       —                       223


                                                                                                   10,205                      223


               Purchase of Product
               Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                                                         1,453                      —
               Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                                                                 242                      —
               Morimatsu Dialog*                                                                       —                   19,711


                                                                                                    1,695                  19,711


               Purchase of Services
               Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                                                            220,488                        —
               Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                                                        1,340                        —
               Dialog Corporate SDN. BHD.                                                            190                        —
               Dialog Construction SDN. BHD.                                                         120                        —
               Morimatsu Dialog*                                                                      —                        799


                                                                                                 222,138                       799

           *    Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. has become a subsidiary of the Group since 1 January 2024.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      31       MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

               (d)     Related party balances

                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Amounts due to (trade):
                         Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd.     67,327           58,905
                         Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                              31,037               —
                         Dialog Fabricators SDN. BHD.                           434               —
                         Dialog Construction SDN. BHD.                           41               —
                         Dialog Corporate SDN. BHD.                              15               —
                         Morimatsu Dialog*                                       —             1,966


                                                                             98,854           60,871


                         Trade payables                                      95,807           60,792
                         Contract liabilities                                 3,047               79


                                                                             98,854           60,871


                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                         Amounts due from (trade):
                         Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd.                           240              247
                         Dialog E & C SDN. BHD.                               3,062               —
                         Morimatsu Dialog*                                       —            49,459


                                                                              3,302           49,706


                         Trade debtors net of loss allowance                  3,302              247
                         Prepayment                                              —            49,459


                                                                              3,302           49,706




212        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




31   MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (e)   Guarantees provided to related parties

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


            Morimatsu Dialog*                                                                —                 10,656


                                                                                             —                 10,656


     (f)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

           The related party transactions in respect of Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd. and
           Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as
           defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are
           provided in the section titled “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” of the Directors’ Report.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024    213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      32       COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                              As at             As at
                                                                                       31 December       31 December
                                                                          Note                2024              2023
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Non-current asset

                 Investment in subsidiaries                                                1,937,912       1,724,588


                 Current assets

                 Trade and other receivables                                (a)                350,773       270,217
                 Contract assets                                                                 2,115           520
                 Cash and bank deposits                                                        553,369       355,670

                 Current liabilities

                 Trade and other payables                                   (b)                309,078        21,941
                 Contract liabilities                                                          152,289        35,374
                 Interest-bearing borrowings                                (c)                 79,283       185,325


                 Net current assets                                                            365,607       383,767


                 Total assets less current liabilities                                     2,303,519       2,108,355


                 Net assets                                                                2,303,519       2,108,355


                 Capital and reserves

                 Share capital                                                             1,351,129       1,302,751
                 Reserves                                                                    952,390         805,604


                 Total equity                                                              2,303,519       2,108,355


               Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2025.


                           Hirotaka Kawashima                                             Ye Sheng
                                 Directors                                                 Directors




214        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




32   COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

     (a)   Trade and other receivables

                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                       Note                   2024              2023
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


             Amounts due from subsidiaries                              (i)                 349,437                   218,635
             Amounts due from joint venture                                                      —                     49,459
             Other debtors                                                                    1,336                     2,123


                                                                                            350,773                   270,217

           (i)    As at 31 December 2024, RMB275,147,000, RMB50,619,000, RMB18,633,000, RMB3,060,000 and RMB1,978,000
                  (2023: Morimatsu China RMB149,210,000 and Morimatsu LifeSciences RMB69,425,000) were mainly due from
                  Morimatsu China, Morimatsu LifeSciences, Morimatsu Heavy Industry, Morimatsu Dialog and Morimatsu Technology and
                  Service Company Limited respectively, which was eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.


     (b)   Trade and other payables

                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                       Note                   2024              2023
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


             Amounts due to subsidiaries                                (i)                 305,838                     14,653
             Other creditors                                                                  3,240                      7,288


                                                                                            309,078                     21,941

           (i)    As at 31 December 2024, RMB299,698,000 and RMB6,140,000 (2023: Morimatsu Heavy Industry RMB14,653,000)
                  were mainly due to Morimatsu Heavy Industry and Morimatsu Dialog respectively, which was eliminated in the
                  consolidated financial statements.


     (c)   Interest-bearing borrowings

                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


             Current
             — non-guaranteed bank loans                                                      79,283                  185,325


             Interest-bearing borrowings                                                      79,283                  185,325




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024     215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




      32       COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

               (c)     Interest-bearing borrowings (Continued)

                       As at 31 December 2024, bank loans of RMB9,827,000 from Mizuho Bank bearing interest at 3.21% per
                       annum and RMB68,787,000 from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation bearing interest at 2.85% per
                       annum with the accrued interest RMB669,000 are repayable on 29 August 2025 and 28 February 2025
                       respectively.

                       As at 31 December 2023, bank loans of RMB69,631,000 from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
                       bearing interest at 4.05% per annum was extended, and the accrued interest RMB956,000 were repaid on
                       30 August 2024.

                       As at 31 December 2023, bank loans of RMB84,277,000 from Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
                       bearing variable interest rate from 5.36% to 7.25% during the year of 2023 with the accrued interest
                       RMB619,000 was repaid on 26 February 2024.

                       As at 31 December 2023, bank loans of RMB29,842,000 from Mizuho Bank bearing interest at 4.40% per
                       annum was repaid on 30 August 2024.


      33       NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

               (a)     Investment of new subsidiaries

                       On 27 January 2025, the Group set up a new subsidiary, Morimatsu Engineering & Technology (Malaysia)
                       SDN. BHD. (“MET Malaysia”). The subsidiary of the Company, Morimatsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. holds
                       100% shares directly and has control over MET Malaysia. The register capital of MET Malaysia is MYR 3,000.
                       MET Malaysia serves as one of the technology hubs and engineering services centers for Morimatsu’s energy
                       materials segment in Southeast Asia. The capital has not been injected into MET Malaysia.

                       On 13 February 2025, the Group set up a new subsidiary with four independent third parties, Shanghai
                       MoriSora Technology Co., Ltd. (“MoriSora”). The subsidiary of the Company, Morimatsu Biotechnology,
                       holds 70% of the shares in MoriSora. The register capital of MoriSora is RMB12,000,000 and is unpaid.
                       MoriSora is primarily engaged in the research and development, production and sales of drying equipment,
                       cleaning equipment, sterilization equipment and conveyor systems, as well as providing maintenance,
                       upgrades and validation services for such equipment.




216        Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




34   POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
     ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR BEGINNING ON OR
     AFTER 31 DECEMBER 2024

     Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended
     standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2024 and which have not been adopted in
     these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                   Effective for accounting periods
                                                                                              beginning on or after


      Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign                                              1 January 2025
       exchange rates — Lack of exchangeability

        Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and                                                    1 January 2026
         HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosures — Amendments to
         the classification and measurement of financial instruments

      Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11                                         1 January 2026

      HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                                         1 January 2027

      HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                                     1 January 2027


     The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be
     in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
     impact on the consolidated financial statements.


35   IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTIES

     At 31 December 2024, the directors consider the immediate parent of the Group to be Morimatsu Holdings Co.,
     Ltd. and ultimate controlling party of the Group to be Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd., which are incorporated in Japan.
     These entities do not produce financial statements available for public use.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   217
      Definitions and Glossary


      “AGM”                                refers to the annual general meeting of the Company

      “Articles of Association”            refers to the Articles of Association of the Company, as amended from time to time

      “Audit Committee”                    refers to the Audit Committee under the board of directors

      “BD Transaction”                     the license out transaction within the innovative drugs filed in the biopharmaceutical
                                           industry, namely pipeline abroad. Under this model, the innovative pharmaceutical
                                           companies conduct early-stage research and development of drugs and then license
                                           the projects to overseas pharmaceutical companies for late-stage clinical research and
                                           development and commercialization in order to obtain upfront payment, milestone
                                           payment, and sales share

      “Biopharmaceuticals”                 refers to products that are made from organisms, biological tissues, cells, body fluids,
                                           etc. by using the principles, approaches and research results of microbiology, chemistry,
                                           biochemistry, medicine and other subjects

      “Bioreactor/Fermenter System” the devices that grow animal cells, bacteria or yeast, etc. under controlled conditions, and
                                    are used to produce antibodies, vaccines, insulin or other drugs in the pharmaceutical
                                    manufacturing process

      “Capital Expenditure Projects”       the large-scale capital expenditure projects of enterprises in the downstream industry,
                                           mainly used for the construction of new process units or the purchase of large-scale core
                                           industrial equipment and high-value industrial solutions

      “CG Code”                            refers to the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

      “Companies Ordinance”                refers to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended
                                           or supplemented from time to time

      “Controlling Shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and, in the context of this annual
                                           report, refers to Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto, Morimatsu Holdings and Morimatsu Group

      “CXO”                                Contract X Organization, is a pharmaceutical outsourcing service, mainly including
                                           organizations that serve the three major links of research and development, production
                                           and sales in the pharmaceutical industry

      “Deed of Non-Competition”            the deed of non-competition undertaking dated 10 February 2021 entered into by our
                                           Controlling Shareholders in favour of the Company, further information of which is set
                                           forth in the section headed “Directors’ Report” in this annual report

      “Digital Operation and               means to apply the Internet of Things (IoT) technology to enable local or remote
         Maintenance”                      management of the operation, maintenance of equipment and buildings via a digital
                                           platform. This significantly improves management efficiency and level, and really achieves
                                           the purposes of cost reduction and efficiency improvement

      “Egypt”                              refers to the Arab Republic of Egypt




218      Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                    Definitions and Glossary




“Electrolyte”               means the carrier for ion transport in a battery. It is generally composed of lithium salts
                            and organic solvents, and as a conductor of ions between the positive and negative
                            electrodes of a lithium battery. The electrolyte is generally composed of high purity
                            organic solvents, electrolytic lithium salts, necessary additives and other raw materials,
                            and is prepared under certain conditions and in a certain ratio

“Electronic Chemicals”      refers to the fine chemical products supporting the electronic industry, one of the
                            important supporting materials for the electronic industry. The quality of electronic
                            chemicals not only directly affects the quality of electronic products, but has significant
                            effect on the industrialisation of the microelectronic manufacturing technology. The
                            development of the electronic industry requires synchronisation of the electronic chemical
                            industry. Therefore, electronic chemical has become one of the key materials prioritised by
                            all countries around the world in order to develop the electronic industry

“EU”                        refers to the European Union

“EUR” or “Euro”             refers to euro, the lawful currency of the Eurozone

“G5 Grade”                  wet electronic chemicals are classified into five grades of purity ranging from G1 to
                            G5 according to the standards established by Semiconductor Equipment and Materials
                            International, of which G5 is the highest purity grade, with extremely stringent
                            requirements for metal impurity content, applicable manufacturing processes, and
                            particulate matter

“Germany”                   refers to the Federal Republic of Germany

“Greece”                    refers to the Hellenic Republic

“Global Offering”           the offer of the Shares for subscription as described in the section headed “Structure of
                            the Global Offering” in the Prospectus

“HKD” or “HK$”              refers to Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                 refers to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“IFRS(s)”                   refers to International Financial Reporting Standards

“India”                     refers to the Republic of India

“INR”                       refers to Indian Rupee, the lawful currency of India

“International Sanctions”   all applicable laws and regulations related to economic sanctions, export controls,
                            trade embargoes and wider prohibitions and restrictions on international trade and
                            investment related activities, including those adopted, administered and enforced by the
                            U.S. Government, the European Union and its member states, the United Nations or the
                            Government of Australia




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   219
   Definitions and Glossary




   “Iraq”                               refers to the Republic of Iraq

   “Italy”                              refers to the Republic of Italy

   “Japan”                              refers to Japan

   “JPY”                                refers to Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan

   “Korea”                              refers to the Republic of Korea

   “Lifesciences Singapore”             Morimatsu Lifesciences (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a private company incorporated in
                                        Singapore with limited liability on 22 December 2023 and an indirect wholly-owned
                                        subsidiary of the Company

   “Listing” or “IPO”                   refers to the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 28 June
                                        2021

   “Listing Date”                       the date on which dealings of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange first
                                        commenced, which is 28 June 2021

   “Listing Rules”                      refers to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                        Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

   “Lithium                             refers to an important electrolyte (the four major components of a power cell: positive
       Hexafluorophosphate”             electrode material, negative electrode material, electrolyte, and separator) that conducts
                                        ions and electrons between the positive and negative electrodes

  “Main Board”                          refers to Main Board of the Stock Exchange

  “Malaysia”                            refers to the Federation of Malaysia

  “Mexico”                              refers to the United Mexican States

  “Model Code”                          refers to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                        out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

  “Module/Modular”                      the design idea and installation method for preassembling of key equipment, other
                                        components, pipe structures, electrical instruments, etc. in a manufacturing plant, so as
                                        to minimize the work quantity on project site, and reduce cost of on-site jobs and on-site
                                        failures

  “Mori-Biounion Technology”            Shanghai Mori-Biounion Technology Co., Ltd. (上海森眾生物技術有限公司), a company
                                        established with limited liability in the PRC on 24 May 2022 and an indirect wholly-owned
                                        subsidiary of the Company

  “Morimatsu Biotechnology”             Shanghai Morimatsu Biotechnology Co. Ltd. (上海森松生物科技有限公司), a company
                                        established in the PRC on 17 January 2022 with limited liability and an indirect wholly-
                                        owned subsidiary of the Company




220   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                  Definitions and Glossary




“Morimatsu Chemical”         Shanghai Morimatsu Chemical Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海森松化工成套裝備有限公司),
                             a company established in the PRC with limited liability on 17 November 2004, which is
                             owned by Morimatsu Seiki and 株式會社森松總合研究所 as to 80.85% and 19.15%,
                             respectively

“Morimatsu China”            Morimatsu (China) Investment Co., Ltd (森松(中國)投資有限公司), a company established
                             in the PRC with limited liability on 7 June 2010 and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
                             the Company

“Morimatsu Dialog”           Morimatsu Dialog (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., a private company established in Malaysia with
                             limited liability on 14 September 2021, which is a direct non-wholly owned subsidiary of
                             the Company

“Morimatsu Engineering       Shanghai Morimatsu Engineering Technology Co. Ltd. (上海森松工程技術有限公司),
  Technology”                a company established in the PRC on 19 November 2021 with limited liability and an
                             indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu Group (森松グル       Morimatsu Group Co., Ltd., formerly known as Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (森松
  ープ株式會社)”                   ホールディングス株式會社), a limited liability company incorporated in Japan on 1
                             September 2015, which is controlled by Mr. Matsuhisa Terumoto by holding 100% of its
                             voting shares, and one of our Controlling Shareholders

“Morimatsu Heavy Industry”   Morimatsu (Jiangsu) Heavy Industry Co., Ltd. (森松(江蘇)重工有限公司), a company
                             established in the PRC on 13 May 2008 with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned
                             subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu Holdings”         Morimatsu Holdings Co., Ltd. (森松ホールディングス株式會社), formerly known as
                             Morimatsu Industry Co., Ltd. (森松工業株式會社), a company incorporated in Japan with
                             limited liability on 2 May 1964, which is controlled by Morimatsu Group, and one of our
                             Controlling Shareholders

“Morimatsu Houston”          Morimatsu Houston Corporation, a company incorporated in the United States with
                             limited liability on 17 January 2008, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                             Company

“Morimatsu LifeSciences”     Morimatsu (Suzhou) LifeSciences Company Limited (森松(蘇州)生命科技有限公司), a
                             company established in the PRC with limited liability on 26 September 2021 and an
                             indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Morimatsu Pharmaceutical”   Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment Engineering Co., Ltd (上海森松製藥設
                             備工程有限公司) (formerly known as Shanghai Morimatsu Pharmaceutical Equipment
                             Company Limited (上海森松製藥設備有限公司)), a company established in the PRC with
                             limited liability on 29 November 2001 and an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
                             Company




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   221
   Definitions and Glossary




   “Morimatsu Pressure Vessel”          Shanghai Morimatsu Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd (上海森松壓力容器有限公司), now
                                        known as Shanghai Nagamori Machinery Co., Ltd. (上海森永工程設備股份有限公司),
                                        a company established in the PRC with limited liability on 14 October 1990, which is
                                        owned as to 55.76% by Mr. Wang Guobin (王國斌), 25.30% by Shanghai Haitai Plastic
                                        Machinery Co., Ltd. (上海海太塑料機械有限公司), 14.94% by Shanghai Saima Enterprise
                                        Consulting Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海賽瑪企業諮詢管理合夥
                                        企業(有限合夥)) and 4.00% by Wang Tianxin (王天馨), being Independent Third Parties
                                        promoters, respectively

  “Morimatsu Seiki”                     Shanghai Morimatsu Seiki Co., Ltd. (上海森松精機有限公司), a company established in
                                        the PRC with limited liability on 24 September 2019, and wholly-owned by Morimatsu
                                        Holdings

  “Morimatsu Singapore”                 Morimatsu (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a private company incorporated in Singapore with
                                        limited liability on 17 October 2023 and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                        Company

  “Morimatsu T&S”                       Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited (森松T&S株式會社), a company
                                        incorporated in Japan with limited liability on 27 November 2023 and an indirect wholly-
                                        owned subsidiary of the Company

  “Nomination Committee”                refers to the Nomination Committee of the Board

  “Pharmadule Singapore”                Morimatsu Pharmadule (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a private company established in Singapore
                                        with limited liability on 16 January 2023, which is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                        the Company

  “Pharmadule Sweden”                   Pharmadule Morimatsu AB (formerly known as Goldcup 6476 AB), a company
                                        incorporated in Sweden with limited liability on 3 March 2011 and an indirect wholly-
                                        owned subsidiary of the Company

  “Pharmadule T&S”                      Pharmadule T&S Co., Ltd. (ﾌｧｰﾏｼﾞｭｰﾙT&S株式會社) (formerly known as Shanghai
                                        Morimatsu Co., Ltd (上海森松株式會社) and Morimatsu Industry Bunkatsu Junbi Co., Ltd.
                                        (森松工業分割準備株式會社), Morimatsu Technology and Service Company Limited (森
                                        松T&S株式會社)), a company incorporated in Japan with limited liability on 31 January
                                        2014 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

  “Photoresist”                         refers to resist-resistant thin-film materials whose solubility changes through irradiation or
                                        radiation of ultraviolet light, electron beams, ion beams, and X-rays, etc.

  “Post-IPO Share Option                refers to the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company and became
     Scheme”                            effective on 10 February 2021, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Statutory
                                        and General Information — D. Other Information — Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in
                                        Appendix V to the Prospectus




222   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
                                                                                   Definitions and Glossary




“Power Battery”            refers to the power battery refers to the ternary polymer lithium battery used in new
                           energy vehicles, which is a kind of lithium battery with three elements: nickel salt, cobalt
                           salt, and manganese salt/lithium aluminate as its cathode materials, graphite as its anode
                           material, and mainly lithium hexafluorophosphate as its electrolyte

“PRC” or “China”           refers to the People’s Republic of China which, for the purpose of this annual report,
                           excludes Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

“Pre-IPO Share Option      refers to the pre-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company and became effective
   Scheme”                 on 1 July 2020, the principal terms of which are summarized in “Statutory and General
                           Information — D. Other Information — Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix V to
                           the Prospectus

“Prospectus”               refers to the prospectus issued by the Company dated 15 June 2021

“Remuneration Committee”   refers to the Remuneration Committee of the Board

“Renminbi” or “RMB”        refers to Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”         refers to the period of one year from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024

“RM” or “MYR”              refers to Ringgit, the lawful currency of Malaysia

“RSU Scheme”               refers to the restricted share unit scheme adopted by the Company on 15 December
                           2021

“SEK”                      refers to Swedish Krona, the lawful currency of Sweden

“Separator”                located between the positive electrode and the negative electrode of a power battery with
                           the main function of separating the positive and negative active materials to prevent the
                           two electrodes from getting short-circuited caused by contact

“SFO”                      refers to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                           as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“SGD”                      the legal currency of Singapore, the Singapore dollar

“Shareholders”             refers to holders of the Shares of the Company

“Shares”                   refers to ordinary shares of the Company

“Singapore”                refers to the Republic of Singapore

“Single-use Bioreactor”    refers to a bioreactor using a disposable bag instead of a culture container made of
                           stainless steel or glass, also known as Disposable Bioreactor




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   223
   Definitions and Glossary




   “Stock Exchange”                     refers to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

   “Sweden”                             refers to the Kingdom of Sweden

   “Switzerland”                        refers to Swiss Confederation

   “Turkey”                             refers to the Republic of Turkey

   “United States” or                   refers to the United States of America
      “U.S.” or “USA”

  “UK”                                  refers to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

  “USD” or “US$”                        refers to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

  “%”                                   per cent

  In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “associate”, “connected person”, “connected
  transaction”, “subsidiary”, and “substantial shareholder” have the meanings ascribed to them in the Listing Rules.




224   Morimatsu International Holdings Company Limited
